
Texting between two different kinds of phones makes photos blurry, lights messy, and security risky. Not just that, it also makes sharing photos or even simply video calling editing messages or leaving a group nearly impossible. With WhatsApp, everyone can enjoy seamless messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp message privately with everyone. This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Super Bowl champ Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What Is politicking even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics joined By their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change the World. Podcast by podcast you talk.


Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening. While Boeing the Olympics are underway, it's useless to talk about it as a thing that's happening in the future when it's happening in the present. And what's happening Now is our podcast Two guys. Five rings is a Phenomenon. Two guys, five rings, Matt Bowen and the Olympics. Follow the show on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or your favorite podcast platform and watch and listen to every moment of the 2024 Paris Olympic Games. Now through August 11th on NBC and Peacock. And for the first time ever on the iHeartRadio app, our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream live only on Hulu.


Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, doji Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crow, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more buy tickets now with axs.com. MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right, the challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Deon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras.


Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Volume. You wanna know what the best thing about being a sports fan is. There's only two days in the entire year that we don't have any games in any sport. So With all that accident, a sports world that just makes about every day game day at DraftKings Sports Book. If you're new to DraftKings, listen up. You can bet $5 and get $150 in bonus bets instantly. All you gotta do is download the Draftking Sportsbook app now and use Promo Code Club five 20.


That's Code Club five 20 for new customers. All you gotta do is bet $5 for $150 in bonus bets Only on draft King Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24.


See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs. We back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. We own the road resort sports world Las Vegas for having this down. You know what I'm saying? This is a great episode. We got a pacer legend to my left. Yeah, I'm about to get real disrespectful today because y'all been having my patience fucked up and I got a pacer right here with me. Oh so we gonna see what niggas on. Yeah, we gonna see what type of time niggas is on today. You know what it is. I'm the host. My name is DJ Wills special guest to my left. Introduce my man's last to my far left. My dog Bishop e here out the Pearl. He how you what? Nasty Cool and nasty. Let's get to It baby. Hey man look, you racking up fines dog. The Booker t jar going up for Jeff but you know what I'm saying. I know you outta town. We ain't seen the black forces with the white lac and the mouth. You know what I'm saying? I know how you up with the kicks.


Have you ever seen somebody wear the all black forces with the white laces with white laces? Nah, it's a new one for me. Partner. But I mean you got your own swags then it roll with it Right on miles. Right on bro. He just be trying to hate on it, you feel me? Just heard You man. It's like, it's like he might politely rob the club, you know what I'm saying? He ain't going no hit nobody. He just gonna say please gimme your money. Talk shit. I'm saying like I could never rock a shirt like Miles. That's his swag. Like I'm too thick. That ain't for the Heavy. Ain't for the Heavy. That's About how you put it on Man Ross, you wearing shirts like that though. Ross out of pocket. Ross got the pants to match. Man's broken up with the jeans. Not too bro. I can do all that. All white Talking about Right.


My dog Young Nacho Young T how you up man? Man I'm cooling man. We got one of my own bulls. He old now. Shit. He making me feel old. But yeah, I got my guy in the building. I got these by the dough. I ain't gonna lie. These one by the dough. I got these out here. Shout out to feature man. They, they hook me up so it's all good. I see you got the pacer colorway. It's up. Yeah. You know what I, you know how I rock. I'm still a pacer at heart. Nah, I ain't a hawk at heart. I ain't gonna lie. But I rock with the Pacers too though. Timber Wolf too. We trying get back. Yeah T Wolves all with y'all too. I'm sorry up. Love y'all. I told y'all It's a hometown episode. We on the road, we on a neutral site with it man. We got a Pacers legend going on 10 year vet holding it down in the city. Mr. Miles Turner appreciates you sliding on this big dog. Absolutely man. Always show love to the net man by way of Texas, you know going on my 10th season and man I grew up there bro.


I've been in since I was a teenager so man it's always love with yo man. For real for sure man. We always try to show up talking about some kicks. We know you a Kobe aficionado man before the Wave is popular. What's some of your favorite Kobes? The hoop man. Some of the reverse Grinch that came out this year was tough to me 'cause everybody had the obsession with the Grinch Grinch district there. But then when they finally got some of my size in 18, you know, had to jump on that right away. So then it was cool. Damn. Yeah you got a chuck in 18. That's crazy. Mine's got a plug Ancy shout out man. But yeah, then them Bruce Lee joints was fired too. I was in them for a minute. Them Kobe ass. I'm wearing the same Kobe to past three seasons bro. You can fact check that. Nah, that's probably gonna say you one the people who definitely had a curly on. Oh man, I gonna say you in you in a big three with the the Bruce Lee five on get into it.


Yeah, I love Kobe. no gas. Gas I've seen got too. I don't gassing, but nah, I love the Kobes too. I, I rock with the Kobes but I remember he used to wear kds too. Yeah, yeah. Coming outta Texas, KD was obviously one of my favorite players of whatnot. They was the most comfortable 'cause we have like a similar like foot like type or whatever. So they had engineer that to fit his foot and if fit my pretty good but just started rocking with the Kobes man that is the most comfortable, I guess. Facts for sure man. We gonna start off with the origins, obviously, you know, you went crazy in high school and you know what I'm, so you one of the people who kind of started the trend of like the late commit to school. What made you commit to Texas? It was a lot of reasons man. I, I really growing up, I mean people always tell me all the time, I ain't know who wasn't like, you know, take offense now.


They say you're a Duke guy, you know, you, you're just like a Duke guy. So I was like, I took that a ram. I was like, oh I wanna go to Duke. I wanna go to Duke. But then actually being a Texas kid and thinking about like all the branding and everything that comes with it afterwards has really moved a needle for me. You know, my mom told me literally day before I commit it. Listen, I'm not gonna tell you what to do, but you do have to think about your stuff. You only gonna be there for a year. You a Texas kid, everybody knows what this means at the richest school in the world. Like, you know, just, you know, consider everything. And it's really had its benefits for me man. For real. For sure. Listen you, I I'm, I'm saying I'm sure you got a little bit of love boy, that NIL situation in Texas, man, that situation say you might have stayed a couple years bro, how much money you think you would've got at Texas. So I was a number two pick coming into or number two a player in high school, you know, coming into it.


So that obviously had a lot to do with it. You can easily get like five mil, bro. God, I think easy. I think easy bro. With the way Texas scroll, you know? Yeah. It show a little love. Maybe a little under the table love but you know, lick arch men, he ain't even play, you know what I'm saying? They Yeah. Write that check my boy. Ah, me boy would've been filthy in school. I'm, I wonder if NA Ls open up in like in high school for Texas like early. Because I know in some, some states it is. Some places Kelly. Yeah, some places it is. But I gonna take time. You when you play with Texas Select. Yeah that was decent. You would've, they've probably broke a bag off for sure. Yeah. That's fun man. Yeah that's, that was my coming out party 'cause I had missed that sophomore summer. You know, that's like the big recruiting summer.


I broke my ankle. I ain't missed the entire summer. So I came back on the scene that summer. I went crazy. Nah, I remember you played for them bro. Yeah, yeah. Filthy for sure man. Look we all nap sound babysitter. How was it your first town first time touching down in that? You know, it was different for me because Dallas is so fast paced and it's come from where I've come from and then you get some more kinda like blue collar, like hardworking city like Indy, you know, I just didn't know what to expect. Right. But like immediately, as soon as I touched Brown bro, it was love. Like, I mean it's such a basketball state as y'all know. Yeah. I had never, I've obviously seen the movies and I heard about it, but actually being there, you know, going down to iu, going to Butler, like seeing like that college basketball atmosphere, like it changed a lot of stuff for me. So I definitely fell in love with it right away man.


It was the perfect situation for me. I, I didn't need to be anywhere else. I needed a a slow pace like city for me just to grow up in as opposed to a fast paced like Miami, LA, you know, whatever. It was just literally an ideal situation, you know. Boy, you good. I tell you. You got drafted to the heat. I got drafted to Atlanta. Shit. What's the difference? They threw me in a fire. I ain't been the same since before. I can't say e play around too much. How don't start. You gotta clarify that shots. No man Mouse just said something out pocket too. Oh. So you chill. Listen You was like that was my coming out party. I was like nah, we're gonna let that ride. See I ain't on that today. I'm chilling. I was, I'm chilling man. We ain't on it man.


Nah, That's gonna be rocking be Bullshit. I'm trying to interrupt. He was, you know I had his good speech. I do try to, you know, I ruined it bro. Let's pause too loud. You right, you're right. Now did you see the corn fields when you were flying in though? Definitely drove out to 'em. I ain't never like, just like, I guess I wasn't paying attention but it do look crazy like nowadays like looking over just normal there like the weird little like alien shit they be talking about with it. Damn. All conspiracy dead ass. They be talking all the conspiracies and shit though. I be, I don't know. I'll be on TikTok and shit. Oh shit. I'm gonna have to go back to the eight. I dunno about that. I got different aliens down there.


Cheer bro. My man y'all, Hey four all in love with you boy. Hey man, I gotta talk about the first time y'all meet man. Y'all as a Patriot fan, y'all was one of the most talented rosters that pissed me off as a Patriot fan. I still love y'all. True. But I had us fucked up but I understand why. True. But I wanna hear y'all first interaction man. Nah, I, so I knew Miles from Andy Miller. Okay. So when I came in JR and Miles had kind of already knew each other. So he introduced us and I was, I was taken back 'cause we started scrimmaging hooping. I'm like damn this motherfucker can do everything. And I didn't know like, you know what I mean? I'm like damn, he could drill, he could shoot. He got bounce like what the hell? I was like, oh he the best player on the team. Like to me I'm like, he gonna be the best player. So I just, I'm a point guard. I go to the big man, I start talking to him.


I'm like, oh we gonna do this pick and roll like oh Horford, we gonna pick and roll to death. And that's just kind of how we built our relationship. Hell yeah bro. That's just like that bro. 'cause like Tee like instilled a lot of confidence in me bro. My first like, I guess my, my year, my second year I saw these past couple years was my first like real like, like great year. You know, rookie year was getting my feet wet. Second year I really started to come out. But yeah bro, I just, I didn't really know what my game was at the time. Like I knew what I was good at but I was still trying to, kind of trying to fit the mold of the NBA game as opposed to making people fit around me. You know? Yeah. And, we had that pick and pop shit going bro. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. It was so quick like getting downhill like the defender had to make a decision so our chemistry just like was like rolled right away. Nah, for sure. That's why when I see you play now, like how y'all play spreading the floor.


I'm like damn, if Nate would've just let us play, Damn did that first game The Armor right? Nah. Like 35 against down First. You had, You had the fake spin. I was like, I was like nah he gonna be cold. What the Fight got you on? Nah, I do. I say he cold. I remember I, him and Kat was very similar. I was like damn, when I first seen him, when I first seen Kat, I'm like, yo Miles plays y'all very, very similar. You just got more freedom Kat. I'm like Miles ain't got the freedom you got. But they very similar fight with them my whole career bro. Yeah. I finally started to, I guess just be more confident in myself in my game bro. I mean I've, you know, going on year 10 just kind of reflecting like I just, if I would've had that confidence bit earlier, you know, stretch to my career would've been different.


But God don't make mistakes man. Like I'm just happy where I'm Chris still. Great brother bro. Have you always played out on the perimeter though, or? Yeah, for the most part. Even in high school, I, I stretch the floor quite a bit. Okay. But I would say that I really started doing it more like my second and third season because I didn't really shoot no threes in my rookie year. Yeah. That's why I was asking My first ever interaction with Tee. I remember this shit, we were playing Atlanta and it, it was the first time I got my first start and it was against them and I had a real unorthodox shot my first couple years like in the post. Like I, I knew I wasn't stronger than nobody just turned to shoot. Yeah, yeah exactly. I just like literally just jumped and turned around and shoot. And I remember I had, I was on Al Horford and I hit that nigga, he was like man hell Nah, he shit weak.


He started laughing shit Off. He the one that bitch confidence me. Oh wow. Why was Joe turn around so weed? I remember that bro was like, you post up and he don't even look, he just turned and shoot but he was taller than everybody. Yeah. So that was What I got away with in college. Like I knew it wasn't like physically strong than dude, but like I was quick and I like, I had good anticipation so I'll be on that right block and I mean I, I'm not a scout report yet, like a bottom Scout report at that. So no one really knows what I do. So yeah that was my go-to shot. Like I'm just gonna catch it, just jump and turn and shoot off the glass and Miles crazy shit for me bro. I that's his shot. That was his shot. For real. If somebody that say hell no, it's definitely gonna be hill first bro.


Score. I'm glad bro. I I, I still joke with bro to this day TJ McConnell like I showed love to TJ bro. We came in the same draft and all that. TJ N Yeah but I remember bro, I think tj, he was a Philly at the time we was playing him and t was, we was warming up. He just looked down and said Hey bro I don't like that guy, I hate him. I was like what the shit, what'd he do? I'm over like what? And to this day bro I'll be, I'll be fucking with TJ bro 'cause I be trying to get in his head a little bit and he brings it up that show up like all the time. He like bro why doesn't he like me? He likes I'm a fan. It's crazy. It's Crazy that I'm a fan. No he really is. Nah I think he cold now. I be like damn I watched him come in 'cause we played in Philly, he used to come in, you know, do what he do now.


I used to be like how the fuck is he in the NBA? Like I used to say that all the time but now seeing him grow as a player it's like nah he deserves 15 million a year in the NBA. Like so I'm a fan of this game. Especially how y'all guys play together. Hell yeah. He gets all these, These fucking stories you done told on this podcast. You ain't never shared that one. What? We thank you for that man. That story. I'm the good guy man. I'm the good guy man. Yeah bro. Yeah we gotta change the narrative now. So we doing the, we doing the pod rankings again for sure. Oh the pod rankings? I don't know you. I don't, he gotta take some time off. I he might be climbing. I'm climbing. Damn. He for sure is at being Lisa Star. I think you, I think you might be in number one right here. I'm climbing he Right.


Sure. Was he a good teammate though, miles? Hell yeah bro. And and I, I say to all sincerity like he's like one of the best bets I've had because oh I appreciate when no real shit bro. 'cause when I was first coming in I didn't, I don't think I had like the best bets, you know what I mean? There was a couple that show love but a lot of it was on some hat and shit in my opinion. Yeah. And when t came in right away like he didn't care. He said bro, nigga go bust they ass bro. No get to your spots. Do this, do that. And then even off the court bro, hey bro, you wanna go to dinner? Hey bro you wanna do this? Like I ain't really had a lot of vests that like treated me like that And he always show love so Yeah that's hard. Allity bro. He's like definitely one of the best bets I had. Appreciate that. That's love bro. Especially being in n You ain't, you ain't taking the sunset. Nah, I ain't, I ain't messing. I ain't, I ain't listening. I wasn't trying to ruin him now I was trying to make sure you get the bag right.


Yeah for sure We got, you know the Nept towns, you gotta get the tremors, you gotta get the sunset. Couple other places man. Man I was too young for that Shit. Too young. The time I was 28, I'm 28 now. RP tremors. Yeah, he wasn't ready for tremors. That was hell. Shit. I wasn't ready for tremors. Someone just taught my sunset the other day. Nah, don't talk swear bro. You Have you been in there? I ain't, I have never set foot in but I go to Longs all the time. I knew what people was talking about. Yeah, you ain't missing nothing. They talking about yo gang go there, we gonna get the information. You gotta, you gotta go to Sunset eat bro what I'm saying when they open, that's a great night man. Hey do not sunset whatever it's talking to Y did not take miles, sunset.


Let my look at that 10 piece. What's hating Not that 10 piece. No not a 10 piece cup. A little extra. Not fries but listen man, all my patience, shit we went crazy this year. Everybody was hating it didn't matter. We did what the fuck we was supposed to do. How was it to have a season like we had this year, you know what I'm saying? Last couple years, little bit rocky couple changes. We got Tyrese going crazy. I you went crazy this year. I think, I don't know, I don't wanna be too political but I don't give fuck no more. I think that one of the best things that happened for you in our situation is that we ended up making a decision between us a bonus. And the one thing that a Pacer fan I hated was that I felt like y'all was so talented but them having y'all together for so long kind of hinder both of y'all's game. Yeah. And I'm happy that, you know what I'm saying, we got a chance to really show how good you were with the system and then we got a point guard to actually like Tee the way Tyree played.


Very similar. Distribute the ball, give people they spots. Yeah. I was so happy the success we had last year with this team, man how was it? You know what I'm saying? Bounce back like that. It was amazing bro. It's, I mean being here for 10 years I feel like, feel like you can say like I've seen it all, but I really truly feel like I've just seen everything and more. Like I came in playing a five and I knew I had ability to stretch the floor and I remember all season, bro, you remember Bao bro? Yeah. Yo bro, that's my dog. For real. Yeah, he, we worked out all summer in the post and then even had Kevin ml come in, And, we worked out a couple times. Yeah. And I get to training camp and was like, Hey great work This summer, we're gonna put you at the floor. So I had never really, like I knew I could shoot but I, bro, I never really just like played basketball at then.


High school. I didn't know how to cut. I didn't know when to time up like spacing. Like, like even just five man, like five man out. I knew I play five out. So I'm literally sitting there guessing the entire time for at least half a season. And then, you know, the two, three seasons I played with doma, it's like I wasn't even shooting as well as I possibly could. 'cause I knew I was gonna shoot the ball like five, six times a game and I was pissed. Like I think everybody around me like knew that. So if the ball touched my hands, like fuck it, it's going up. Like I I'm not looking like it's just going up. No, that I'm not shooting my best. I'm not shooting confident in, honestly I hated showing off for work bro. Like I, I just, it it felt like a job. Like I was just, I wasn't in the best space mentally, but then bro, all I asked for was I need a, a guard to give me the ball and I wanna play the five and the Pacers came through and I was able just to put my full talents on display man.


And yeah, this season was special because you know the end season tournament here, like that was what got some eyes like on, you know what I mean? Just that, that visibility. But being able to take that all season long and just up to ante and just like crush everybody's expectations and like beating your favorite team. Like that shit felt good bro. For real. Just like, just the love you got and yeah man, the playoffs like I, I was so used to just going home, you know what I mean? The first four or five months, you know, the time off. But it was a different aura around the city bro. Different energy. Like niggas was locked in bro. Nah, it was a vibe. It was crazy Me. It was a vibe was bro, We was hating. Was was hating. Yeah. I had to walk. No we was tell the truth.


Nah, I I had no, I had Boston, we DJ dj. DJ stood down on y'all. Oh for sure They had us up. This is a big moment for Him. What's the, my favorite quote for it. The motherfuckers don't watch us play. Yeah, yeah. Ever bro. They ain't watch us play And. we did our thing this year. Love that for us. I did have Milwaukee though. Yeah I wanna chip And. we had, We had, We smoked that Milwaukee Five times. Woo. That bitch was musty. Oh my god. No Milwaukee series is fun bro. 'cause of all the anti shit that happened during the season bro up, they just, you know, you know the NBA is bro, they just created this, I don't know this story behind everything. Yeah. I tried to steal my man basketball bro. Man You ain't even go Down like that.


What's up with that weekend? Shit, my basketball man, Boys want the real story man. Honestly, Nah, it probably, it probably wasn't Have story at all. All it made for a really great series. Oh God, that was some good A series in which we won. By the way, shout out to Lee Beasley. We heard you. I wanna know like how was it in that game where Chris Milton hit that shout off the backboard? Like what was y'all thinking? Like oh shit, that's one the most stressful game you was. This nigga's the second coming like bro you Yeah, he wasn't missing bro. It was the craziest shit. 'cause like we're like nah that nigga injured bro. You know he, he's he's over there like hobbling bro. He just got to his spots and was like just a killer bro. So, so cold wasn't talking no shit.


Like just literally just got to it getting to his bad bro. Nah, facts. It was masterful bro. Honestly like just like watch from afar like, like at the time you pissed but then you go back and watch high it's like damn, this nigga just like, just efficient bro. Yeah. So it was tough bro. Like we just didn't, we were fighting, fighting, fighting. He hit that shot. It almost like a gut punch bro. I was like damn you gotta go to overtime. But yeah man, shit. But at the end of the day we prevailed. It was cool. Yeah I had a hell of a hell of a run that was that Nick series. Like we always make fun of me and be him. We like oh they beat everybody. That was hurt. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, but shit, that's how it happened. That's how I won a championship. Yeah. Everybody got hurt for sure. Shout to K big toe. Yeah. So it happens like that. But what was that feeling like playing in the garden like happened to win in New York?


It was special for me man. 'cause you know my dad, he's from New York. Okay, okay. Shout box. He, he's from Queens and he had aspirations of you know, playing at this love obvious but you know, God had different plans and you know, for him to be able to be there and witness it with like all his childhood friends and like, oh that's, that's fire. Same reason, same shit you was on the whole I told you. So like I told you, my sons like, you know, shit, I was just happy for him bro. Hard really popping shit in this city. So that's hard. Yeah it was, it was a good moment man. I just, you know, like you said, injuries are not but that's what the playoffs is about man. It's just, that's part of it, you know is taking care of yourself and yeah we got it done. And listen, I told them I ain't give a fuck about them injuries. We had years where our best one or two player was hurt for at least four to five years consecutively.


Bro. I don't wanna hear no excuses. Too bad. Whatever bro. I just wanted to ask though, how is it playing with Pascal man? What kind of teammate is he? Man that was a great addition for y'all. For Real. Yeah, definitely bro. He just, he he out his business bro. And that's why I respect him like know that extra shit. Like he get in, he get his work and he go home and that's, I feel like in Indianapolis it's like what you embody. Yeah. Like he embodies all that and his skillset is crazy bro. Face up game he get downhill a little bit versatile defender like he was like the missing piece for sure. For sure bro. For sure bro. Stuff more star power bro because like that's all it is in this league too bro. It's the, the eyes and the attraction is the star power like side of things and yeah you know Napa, we, I feel like we, you know, we miss out a lot of free agents a lot of times and that was a big gift for us.


Yeah, for sure. I mean speaking of free agents, the east done loaded back up, you know what I'm saying? Everybody coming back to the east, we got a little bit more competition but I'm excited for us next year 'cause I feel like our key additions are people we didn't get to play much or was hurt last year. We got Benedict coming back. We gonna get right to it and I'm very excited to see Jarris Walker get minutes next year. Yeah, yeah. Very excited to see Jarris man. How's he been in practice? Man? He a doll bro. Jarris, he's the, he's one of the dudes that can do everything like real like Draymond type and really like kind of get guys open. He can, if he really, really needs to get a bucket, he can like face up iso. But Jarris got a lot of, he's got vision and that's what I feel like people haven't been able to see from him yet. Same thing. Versatile defender as well. But he just needs this opportunity. It's tough when you come in this league and you got like, you're playing behind all stars, you playing behind facts, you know, seasoned vets and whatnot.


Yep. He just has to wait his turn like it's a, it's kind of unfortunate but you know, we talk to him all the time, we try to keep his confidence going but you know how it is being into this shit like it's just a, you know, he's gotta keep putting your time and that's all this is. You know, he is gonna go out here tonight. He's gonna bust the ass already know he is and man, you know, lead a team texting between two different kinds of phones makes photos blurry like messy and security risky. Not just that. It also makes sharing photos or even simply video calling editing messages or leaving a group nearly impossible. With WhatsApp everyone can enjoy seamless messaging with the added protection of end-to-end encryption. Streamline your messages across all devices on WhatsApp message privately with everyone. This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever.


The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Super Bowl champ Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politicing. What is politicking even mean? Here's Bridge and Gaps with No politics Joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change the world podcast by podcast. Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening. Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes, a new show by iHeart women's sports.


Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about volleyball and beyond. Learn what it takes to be the best in the sport and what it takes to stand on the podium from top athletes and figureheads in sports. Every week I'll dig into the perspectives from some of the best athletes in the world. Like with Olympic gold medalist Justine Wong. I will say my journey has not been easy like whatsoever. I've, I've been cut from teams, I've made teams, I've been the starter, I've been a non-starter. And so for me to like say that I made the Olympics, like I immediately started crying And give insights and behind the scenes stories from the people who are making the biggest impacts on global volleyball and women's sports.


From the likes of three time Olympic medalist Jordan Larson, I'm finding little ways to like do things differently. And now it's more of how can I help the next generation? You'll Also learn about their other dream jobs if they weren't playing on the biggest stage. Like from Olympian Lauren Carlini. I'm thinking about Starting a dog walking business, putting that out there for anyone's dogs who need to be walked or watched or fed or Played with. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of Woman Manica, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women history has forgotten gotten.


This month we're bringing you the stories of athletes. There's the Italian race car driver who courted danger and became the first woman to compete in Formula One. The sprinter who set a world record and protested racism and discrimination in the US and around the world. In the 1960s, the diver who was barred from swimming clubs due to her race and went on to become the first Asian American woman to win an Olympic medal, she won gold twice. The mountaineer known in the Chinese press as the tallest woman in the world and the ancient Greek charioteer who exploited a loophole to become the first ever woman to compete at the Olympic Games. Listen to Wiman on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is TI moved to the US at 19. I spoke no English and I struggle finding job opportunities. Everything I have I owe to the adult literacy center and getting my high school diploma at age 22. It was an honor helping you achieve your greatness. Now you're helping others achieve theirs. It inspires me When you graduate they graduate. Find free and supportive adult education centers near you@finishyourdiploma.org. Brought to you by Dollar General Literacy Foundation and the ad council. I gotta ask you on some patient shit, what was the better atmosphere or was a crazy game that that Milwaukee gamble, the game three or was game seven in the garden?


I mean it's, I I would say it was louder in Indy but the atmosphere was, I think it was a little bit dope in New York just because of what it was like you and the Mecca, bro. Yeah. Hey it's a game seven. Every single celebrity you can think of is their court side. Like everybody talking shit. Like it's just, it was just that environment for me. That's what you dream of. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So I can't, I can't take nothing away from that. But I will say like now this year it was like the loudest I'd heard it. Like even the in season tournament games, like the color courts and shit, they, they showed up for that. Everybody was coming out for them games. I ain't gonna lie, you play with some great guards. Tyrese is a special player. Yeah. What is it like playing with him man? His vision, the way he play it look like he's having so much fun. Look, y'all team is having so much fun.


I see like y'all starting to, like you and him are the leaders of the team and you can see that it's starting like run through the whole team. Like it's just like you're playing with a lot of joy what it's like playing with him. Yeah, bro. He's got an like infectious spirit. Like I think he's someone who he really, he plays better and he's in a better state when he knows he's getting everybody else involved. Yeah. Like, you know, he gonna get to his sidestep, he can downhill if he needs to, but he really wants to pass the ball and get people going. Just takes the attention off him. So I've always played with like score per score first scholar, you know I came in, I was with with George Hill. Yeah. And he was a, he was kind of a system player but he really wanted to get to it. He could. And then I had Jew and I had Malcolm, Darren Colson, Malcolm bro DC like yeah DC would kill it too boy. Yeah DC It was all like score first guard.


But Tyrese like he really, really want to get people involved and you can, you feel that, you know what I mean? And when it's time to let him do his thing, it's like okay, all right bet. Like you know. Yeah you got it. So yeah bro, he just got, he got one of them personalities that it's just easy to be around. Yeah. Like bring the locker room morale up and shit like that. Yeah it is dope. I, I love seeing him seeing USA and they was like why did they pick him? I'm just like what do you mean? They picked the person who average the most assistant in the NBA to play with team but somebody who needs to distribute the ball. That's why I said people don't watch us but it's cool. That's what we gonna get real to it. I like them hard too. Oh yeah. Drew a dog bro. He be, he wild but I like you. That's you. That's you first. Yeah. He'll give a damn but I like you first. He'll shit, it was his title shot. He said fuck it, I'm going for it.


Nim was a R apart. I like that he's gonna be ruck. That's the only problem they gonna have. This gonna be tough to keep him. Yeah. Yeah he gonna get some money man. Yeah, yeah. It is gonna be tough to keep him. And I know who else gonna get some money next year too? Oh yeah man. Oh contract. Yeah. Fuck it. Right? Bring that truck loading him up going put my work in, do what I gotta do and then yeah, let them just fall where they may. Nah, no John tape Porter. But if you bet no miles this year take the over baby contract year. Nah man. And I always, I wanted to ask you, 'cause you one of the best defenders in the league, like how does it feel like when you see like no shake the Rudy go Bear and guys like that, but they get defensive player of the Year three or four times.


It's like you feel a way. It used to really fuck with me bro. I know. I was about to say had to, it used to really fuck with me like my first couple years 'cause it's everybody in your ear you feel like, bro. Like I think my third season, like I out blocked an entire organization. Yeah. I had more blocks in the Cavalier's team. That's correct. Damn right. And what they always told me was like, oh well you don't rebound. And I was like, all right, you know I'll take that on the chin. Cool. But I feel like defense is more than just defensive rebounding bro. Yeah. Like I'm leading at the time, you know, you know DB was bro at the time I'm leading like a, like a number two defense in the league. And we have a decent record and but bro we don't play on tv like you said. Yeah. We didn't get very far into the playoffs so no exposure.


So it's like they have to justify who they give this award to and it became like a popularity contest and that's when I kind of bowed out, I says bro, I'd rather get respect from my peers than, you know, this, this trophy. You know what I mean? Like of course I still would want to like, you know, push for that and grind for that the future. But it took the sting out of it for me when I realized, you know, it's a business bro. I mean like, you know people are gonna like to dive into that and say whatever they need to say, but it's just real bro. Like whoever has the most eyes, whoever has the best defensive metrics and shit like that. Like Yeah We just talked about the metrics too. Yeah. I don't even think a defensive player ever won. I mean so far as a big without averaging at least 10 in a game on the rebound side. Yeah.


Yeah. So, but the craziest shit about Rudy is no say to Rudy, you a defense player of the Year, but now they're calling you liabilities in the playoffs. So like make it make sense. You can't be the best player of the Year and you're Christmas in the Switch and they just like, oh we gonna live with it like that. Yeah, it like you said, it is a lot to play into that more than just what it is happening on the court. That's when the numbers games gets tough bro. And you, like I said, if you really a hoop head and you and you into this like you know who's a good defender, you know like who you not going at. Yeah. You know, like, you know just in the back of your head, like when you playing it's like ah shit, ah shit. But if they get this award to somebody and in the playoffs you can expose that like you like to talk about and if he may be great at this but not so great at this, then yeah we're going at that show. You know, that's why when guy's like, like Marcus smart wins, it's like I I tip my caps shit like that.


'cause he really a dog and he switch one through four, one through class can really guard everybody. And, and yeah but in Rudy's case, like bro, like I give respect to him because like when you're playing us on the class, you know you're not going downhill just against Oh no facts. But in the switch situations, yeah. Everybody brings him out and it exposes him and whatnot. So he do his job but it's just, it's a overall award. Yeah, for sure. And even like withdrew like come on bro, that's somebody who should have a couple on the shelf bro. Yeah, for sure. Come on. That's, that's somebody who should have a couple on the shelf. Everybody in this league knows bro. Yeah, that's, that's a given bro. Was that the first thing you was good at though growing up when you start hooping was blocking shots? Yeah bro, that was really, it was only, it was the only thing, like when I was a kid, like I wasn't really coordinated like that.


I just started, I started getting more of a jumper in middle school. My dad saw it like at a young age and was like, oh nah, we can do something with this. Okay man. I mean I give love to him bro. 'cause like I, I really wasn't committed to basketball like that bro. I love baseball. Like baseball was like my first love ain't no way playing, playing baseball. I was outside so like ah, but you was snag at home. My strike zone was too big and shit. The white boys start throwing that heat bro. I was like, yeah y'all, yeah it It be Christmas out. Yeah like picture my boy. No Way. But, but nah bro, I started taking it more serious like, you know, really after I broke my ankle like in high school and yeah it started to, it started, started to pan out for me. But nah bro, I just like being multifaceted like just everything I do basketball is obviously like my professional what I'm good at.


But it just open doors for me and opens different avenues and that's what I preach to like all like I guess some of the young guys coming in it's like don't make this the only thing you're good at bro. This shit's a key at the end of the day. Just unlock like hella doors for you. Hell I see it and they be trying to box out end a lot. And I like it now that like everybody has an avenue to show their personality what they like. It don't matter what you fuck up, what you do. Like even with you, I know you go crazy with the Legos, you catch flexing, but it's just like, why the fuck y'all mad at me? What I like to do outside of work? Like yeah but I mean that's, people fear what they don't know or people like feel what they don't understand. You know what I mean? So it's easy to sit there like, oh Lego nerd da da da. But at the end of the day, bro, nah you just, you can't, you can't do this. It's too intricate for you. You know what I mean? I can't do that shit. Yeah and the fact that you can't do it and it's fun to like kind of laugh and joke 'cause there's other people that as far like Oh yeah.


You know what I mean? But that's why I do it too bro. Like I really try to stay, take the sting out that word bro. You hear the word nerd, it's such a negative connotation towards it. But man you just looked it up. It's just someone that's passionate about something at the end of the day. There's basketball's, plenty of basketball nerds out there. That's what it is. Me hoop nerd. I just try to, I try to put on for like those guys. Like those are like my friends in school and whatnot, you know what I mean? They didn't have the the abil abilities that I had or even the social skills that you know, that we had. So I just try to put on for them man. Yeah, for sure. Listen, you got a lot of crazy highlights. What's some of your favorite highlights? It's my favorite highlights Because you caught a lot of bodies. Oh man. Yeah, no I got plenty of them talk that shit. I think one of my, one of my favorite highlights I ever had was we were playing Boston in the, in the, in the first round like my fourth year maybe.


And I, I got Gordon Hayward like something crazy like I punk fake owl went downhill, was able punched it, surprise him off too. And like that kind of put me on the map a little bit more too was just like, well like oh shit. Like I didn't know he had that, you know? And that was a good one. I got Tristan Thompson my second year in the playoffs was tt. Yeah that was, I was off of Rebound or whatever. I came up and just, and he was talking shit too. I got love for tt he we go Longhorn shit. But he was just talking that shit, that series and that just like felt good. You, you remember that series though? Of course I do bro. Yeah, we was up 30 bro. Yes, at the room. Well we was hyp as hell going into the locker room bro. LeBron told us he walked out at half quarter. I remember Bra was walking in, he said we good y'all.


I look like motherfucker. Yeah that shit started going down. I was like, hey about to beat us third quarter, we down, we up 15 in a third. I'm like, we about to lose y'all. I we losing it. Oh man, what Happened? For real though bro. They was just better than us bro. Nah, I mean but what Miles We heard his side look. Can I hear your side bro? Because it may be different like what you think. I think that's serious bro. Second year, like we had all the tools but we didn't have the chemistry bro. For sure. Let's just be, let's just be real. Yeah we, we had so much talent on that roster but like things didn't really fuck with each other bro. It just just was what it was. And you can tell and you can always tell like on the court. Yeah and I think that was like a big thing for the front office even like now is like we wanna bring in guys that we know are gonna mesh.


You know what I mean? We put egos to the side. Like there's just, there's just, that's what made us so good this year. Like there was just no ego, you know, I mean all this hoop but at that time it was just a lot of ego and a lot of, you know, who's the man this it, it was tough bro. So I think when we got into the playoffs we didn't really have no flow bro. Like yeah we zero, we were just relying on talent at the end of the day and got, you know the players that shit don't work And Cleveland was a better team bro. Like they had all they role players like shit, Kyrie was still there, shit. But even had Kyle Corver like they had plenty of guys, Richard Jeff team, there's that guy JR Smith, like guys that knew what, they knew the role whereas we was trying to like force our role for sure. Yeah, it's a bad, it's a bad, I thought I finally was gonna be broad.


I was hype as hell. That shit was over with. Yeah bro. That's crazy How much chemistry really matters. And, if you like, outside of the business, if you look at that team, how many people was either in a contract year or near a contract year and it's just like, yeah it gotta be team but I gotta get fucking paid. Yeah. So I gotta get these stats up. That was, that was my contract year, I remember for sure. So you got a thing bro. Like bro, I, I remember this shit vividly. Anytime he would get scored on, you know bro we're breaking off like he's going like we just fucking going nigga fuck the play. Fuck everything. Fuck that floppy shit. I'm going bro. Yeah And, we all knew it. I was like should I, That motherfucker paper tempted that boy head come. Nah that's just my competitive like somebody scoring me.


I just couldn't like, I'm like y'all gotta get 'em back. That was just me we saw last week in the big three. That's me like what you scoring? I need the ball back like I plug 1 0 1, come on I need the ball back. But I grew out of that man when I retired You was the part of the chemistry fuck up. Oh I was the fuck up. I was the fuck up because I'm the point guard. Yeah. So I gotta bring everybody together. I didn't do a good job of that. Like I always tell y'all I should have been way better at that. Like I talked to Miles, I talked to Thad, cj. Yeah but everybody Glen, but other than that I ain't really talk to nobody like PG and like Monta, I ain't really talk to him like that. And they was two of the guys who had the ball too.


So it was just a bad blend at that time For sure man. But listen, we back on the mat paces going crazy. I don't give a fuck about nobody else's free agent pickups. We still in the east going crazy nigga still gotta come to Games Bridge to see what's up with it. I can't wait for us to go crazy again this season, man. What's up? Yeah, be here. What's up? Yeah, I'm talking shit today. What's Eastern Conference Sponge y'all, y'all Down Well soon Bucks. Who else? Philly we building. We need that experience mouse. Listen it ain't, it ain't even just 'cause you here bro. No, no. Keep It real. You 28 bro. I been hating on the s Even before you was thought of, you wasn't even thought of Pops was still doing his thing without saying on the s you know what I'm saying?


Nah, but y'all are a better team though. Like I I I be giving DJ hell all the time, you know what I'm saying? But nah, I do. Y'all are a good team for sure. I'm just saying. Yeah experience bro. No one at Roster had no playoff experience and this is perfect for, you know, everybody. So now you just build on that. That's good if you have momentum for sure, But I'm being honest, I still got Boston. They the Chi, they the champs respect Milwaukee. I'm a die hard Milwaukee. I don't know why but Philly bro. I'm sorry My boy Dam coming back healthy YDS related. You and I I got y'all over Philly. I ain't even, I don't like Philly. Oh bro. I like, I like the players. They got PG come back in there bro. I like PG code but I just don't, I don't have to tap into his MindStar space Jam.


But I just don't like they always, I don't know, I don't like it For some reason I don't got that's a team. I need to see chemistry work. I, I gotta see her happen bro. Yeah, I need to see it happen bro. I got y'all 'cause y'all do got the perfect chemistry. Pascal gonna have a full year with y'all. Yeah, I like that. And y'all already got that experience. I like that. But in the Knicks I'm excited to see y'all in the Knick y That's my four right there. X that's right. They got, they got some pickups. Yeah, they got my kids uses were loaded bro. But it makes it fun bro. And then my hawks, oh Jesus. We didn't rebuild. Got think his hawks got a chance against y'all man. Who I guess Who? No, no, we ain't rebuild. We ain't rebuild the defense, bro. That's, that's the biggest thing. The hawks, they talented offensively. We, we ain't rebuild, we ain't talking. I about to Say we got number one pick.


For real. I about to say sweet. Oh what we got number one pick for tray, free tray Man, get him outta that letter man. I was surprised that traded Deonte. I really was. I know he probably has more value. Probably some more fun, but I thought I didn't know what he was talking about because they was talking about him going to San Antonio or Trey, whatever, back to San Antonio been crazy but Who? That would've been nuts. Yeah, But nah, they got Chris Paul, so that is definitely not true. I got it for real quick. I know we joking and shit, but do you think y'all are missing a piece? Like what do you think that y'all can bring, not necessarily a player, but like something that somebody can add to help y'all get over that hump that y'all are right now?


I think one, we gotta be a better rebounding team bro. We're we're, we're still kinda small facts. We just got Wiseman so that, that helps a bit. You know, I mean he's like seven one, but we were like a big team, you know what I mean? Outside of me, Isaiah Jackson was six nine. Jalen Smith at the time was 6, 6 9, 6 10. So I mean just to have a more front corn presence, especially off the bench and just vets bro. I mean I'm like, me and TJ were probably the oldest dude on the team now outside of, you know, JJ when, when he resigned. But JJ the vets bro, listen man, I was geeked about Wise man. I was like if there's any team that will help him, it would be us. You know what I'm saying? You being a mentor for him, place, place is perfect for you man, to get back on track and do what he's supposed to do.


But listen man, we gotta get up outta here Miles. We appreciate you sliding man. Absolutely. You know what time it is? Nap Town Pacers, we getting it. Fuck it done this year. I don't wanna hear no more Nick Slant. No K Nicks talking about dms. We reach our ass Game seven at the crib. Pacers the first round About, I wear a full Pacers outfit bro. And the bandana for sure no Bandana. The white laces and the black and the white with the forces. Yeah, I'll get some yellow forces with the white laces. Okay. All all whites. Yeah. And I get, you know I got somebody that, that right on shoes and shit. I'll get mad starting Real moment on some Real shit for my old heads back in the day, I'm gonna wear a pastry shirt with no shirt under the jersey with no shirt Under.


And on that note we gonna get up outta here. I sleep on his uniform. That's, that's a bad body language. The jersey out pocket. Hey, but you know what? It's Club five 20 miles, two Nap Town. Be here instead of people, they can buy some merch. Shout club five twenty.com baby. Yes Sir. Appreciate y you know what it is like share, subscribe, all that good shit. We'll be back next time. Right on mouth. Thank you Ma. Yes sir. The Volume. This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Kevin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politicking. What is politicking even Mean? There's bridging gaps with no Politics joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson.


It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change the world. Podcast By podcast you Talk world. Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening. While Boeing the Olympics are underway, it's useless to talk about it as a thing that's happening in the future when it's happening in the present. And what's happening Now is our podcast Two Guys. Five Rings is A phenomenon. Two guys, five rings, Matt Bowen and the Olympics. Follow the show on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or your favorite podcast platform and watch and listen to every moment of the 2024 Paralympic games.


Now through August 11th on NBC and Peacock. And for the first time ever on the iHeartRadio app, our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, doji Cat, Dua Lippa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the Block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crow, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more buy tickets now with axs.com. MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season.


That's right, the challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level?


I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.