
These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So, are you ready? Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially, step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's Number one, ready to eat meal service factor fresh, never frozen meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


When you see Kanye and his wife and you see how she's dressing, is that she's dressing like that or Kanye dressing her life? Kanye's for sure dressing her like that. Yeah. He did the same thing to me. And Kim, he wants other men to want his woman. That's what he's into. He likes that All my life been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The all my life. I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the bro ded, the all my life I've been grinding.


Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. And today we're at Spotlight la Stopping by for conversation and a drink. Today is a polarizer, a polarizing figure in the entertainment business for almost two decades. An unapologetic personality, a confident model, a bold businesswoman, a recognizable media figure, a multi-talented activist, actress, influencer, TV host, author, and a mother. Here she is, ladies and gentlemen. The one, the only Ms. Amber Rose. Thank you. Thank you today. Introduction. Thank you so much. Wonderful. Thank you for stopping by. I know you're a very busy young lady, young mother, and I wanna say thank you again for stopping by. Thank You for having me. I would like to toast.


I know you don't drink much, but you told me to say I don't drink much, but I, I wanna try this. I do. So to all, Everyone rants and raves about this, by the way, To all your, all you've done and all you'll continue to do. Thank you Very much. You as well. Thank you so much. Oh, Something special. You got right. God. You know, we, we take, I mean, I mean, Listen, if I drink that, you gonna know all my business. Yeah. Okay. Well, I'm, well again, thank you for stopping by. Of course. Of course. Born and raised in South Philly. Yes.


Growing up in South Philly. What did Amber Rose wanna be when she was a little girl? I wanted to be an epidemiologist. Okay. I, I had a, there was a guy in my neighborhood that was dying of AIDS in the nineties, and I didn't know what it was at the time. I would tell to my mom and I, I know this might sound crazy, but watching his body deteriorate over a month or so, I became obsessed with HIV and aids and I, I would be in my room and just think of being on the forefront of a cure like that. Those were my dreams and aspirations and like, just being in a lab and, You know, people celebrating when I found the cure.


Right. Like, that's the stuff that I used to imagine when I would just be in my room and Yeah. And I just, I I was just obsessed with like, infectious diseases and I wanted to know everything about them. And still to this day, I mean, even when Covid came out right, I was kind of excited. 'cause I was like, what is this? You know? Did you understand what AIDS was and how it came about? Not initially, no. But it was, it was the fact that he was full of life and then within two months, I mean, he was a young man and he was, he had a cane. Right. And I asked my mom like, is this like, is it cancer? Like, what is it? And then she told me and I was like, what is that?


It happened so fast that I just became fascinated with it. And You know, now in modern day there's medicines and stuff like that and people can live a, a long healthy life with HIV. But You know, back in the nineties it wasn't like that. No. Yeah. So I, yeah, I just became fascinated with it. That's how I was like, I wanna be like Dr. Fauci. And like, You know, that Was What was your, what was your fondest memory of your childhood? If you can go back and, and think about when you're being raised in South Philly. I don't know how many siblings, how many brothers and sisters do you have? So I'm the only child, only child from my mom. And then I'm 14 years older than my little brothers. Right, okay. From my father's side. Okay. But you had, you obviously you had friends in the neighborhood. Correct. So what's your fondest memory of being in South Philly?


I would say I miss, I miss being liked for who I am. Hmm. I miss that because people gave me a chance back then, and they were like, oh, Amber's cool as shit. Let's go play double Dutch or let's, You know, go to the park or let's go hang out. And I just feel like nowadays it's just, it's just not that simple anymore. So I miss, I miss those times where life was simple. Or like going to the corner store, I got a dollar, I'm getting a scratch off. I'm hoping I'm gonna win $20 so I can eat, You know, like get something good that day to eat. And it, the, the excitement of actually wanting things and being around genuine people.


That's what I miss the most. You Feel you get judged by the cover now, huh? For sure. Like my persona and who I am as a person is completely different. Right. Yeah. You're nothing like what people, when people see Amber Rose, you're nothing like that. I am the complete, I couldn't be more opposite. Yeah. I couldn't be more, I'm just a nerd. I like to learn. I like to, I like to be around people that can teach me things. And I think I just got pigeonholed into a persona that made me money to support my family. Right. You know, when you Yeah. That goes, obviously you didn't have siblings, but when you, did you have friends? Were you friendly? Were you like the, were you tomboy?


Were you girly girl? Did you have like, Amber's cool, let's go play with her. Things like that. So what kinda like, what did you do as a child? Yeah, I was definitely loved. I, I feel like I always had a good personality. I'm very easygoing. I'm a bit introverted, but I think like, people think I come off as a bitch because I'm introverted. Right. When, You know, I do. You know, like, I came in here and I said hi to everyone. You did. I am that person, but I only give the energy that people give me. So if I walk into a room and I, I, that energy is not positive, I'm probably just gonna be quiet and just chill and not really say much. But I definitely was loved.


I had a lot of friends and I was a tomboy as well. I played softball. Okay. Yeah. I'm a softball girl. Right. I would play wall ball with the boys, stick ball in the street with like, the half a tennis ball, You know, just real east coast street games with the boys and stuff. But I was always feminine, but I would play with the boys. Right. Yeah. So what, so how was your mom? How was, was she a disciplinarian? Did she let you kinda like, do what you wanted to do? What was the relationship? What was the dynamic between you and your mom? Well, it's tough because like, my mom's mom committed suicide when she was 10 Mm.


And so my mom suffered severely from anxiety and depression most of my life. And so, no, she wasn't a disciplinary, I feel like, like I became her mom at a very young age. Okay. And I like had to raise her and say, mom, everything's gonna be okay. You know, it's okay to cry or how can I help you? Or what can I do? So yeah. It's, it's like almost like I, I became a mom at a, at a young age. I, that's what I was about to ask, and I'm not trying to take a shot at your mom, but did you feel you had to raise yourself 100%? I I did. And I would say for many, many years I resented my mom for that.


Mm. But as I got older, I understood that being 10 years old and seeing your mom commit suicide is, is, is definitely not easy to live with. Mm. You know, and and my mom suffered, she suffered for many years. You resent the fact that you didn't really get a chance to be a child. You didn't get a chance to do things that you saw a lot of the other kids your age get an opportunity to do because you were being there, you were being there for your mom when normally moms are there for their kids. Right? Yeah. So like, even when I had trials and tribulations in my life, I felt like that I couldn't burden my mom with those things.


And I had to just suck it up and be a g and just deal with it. Because I already knew that she had a lot on her plate emotionally that I didn't wanna add to that. And so I just would just internalize it or di deal with it by myself. When you, when you got to high school, were you a popular kid? Very. Yeah. So you weren't like superly, so most likely to succeed best body, wittiest, best personality. So you wanted, so you, you were like, you were that, that it girl, you was that girl. I definitely was popular when I got to high school for sure. My, my boyfriend was like the head of the basketball team. Okay. You know, it was that vibe. Yeah. It was that. So what, what, obviously it's hard looking at you now, aesthetically, were girls jealous of you back then?


I mean, yes and no. Again, I, I had a lot of friends, but like the culture in Philly, it's like, I don't like your dress. I wanna fight you. Damn. And then you gotta be like, fuck, I gotta fight this girl. Like, I, You know, or it would just be like, me, you three o'clock, you up. And then in school you'd be like, it's 12 o'clock. You just know you gotta fight this at three. You know? And it's like, You know, so like, I never started fights. Right. But I always had a fight, like for no reason at all. I mean, you a girly girl or were you tomboys girl? I was a girly girl, but I like sports. Okay.


So I was around the boys a lot and the girls would be like, You know, they would think like their boyfriend or like somebody that they liked, liked me. Oh. But mind you, I'm just like, I'm chilling. I'm not even thinking about boys and stuff Right. In that way. I'm just having fun and playing sports and stuff. Why are you mad at me? Because he might have an interest in me. I ain't got no interest in him. Be mad at him. Exactly. The story of my life, Shannon. Like it ain't my fault girl. Like, I'm not, You know. Right.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the monster slams to edition the Rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on DraftKings the home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports Book app. Make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5. Get $150 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $150 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See d kng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Were your parents together? I mean, do you remember your parents being together and getting divorced or were they divorced? Be before you remember anything about that? Yeah, so they, so my father had me when he was 19. Oh. And my mom was 23. Okay. But my dad, just a poor white boy in Philly grew up in foster care. His mom didn't really love him. He never knew his dad. Oh. And so when my mom got pregnant, he was like, I mean, I, the only option I have is to join the military. So he joined the military at 19 and they shipped my dad off. So most of my life, my dad was gone serving our country.


But it wasn't an ideal situation because I was mostly with my mom taking care of her, like mentally and emotionally. So do You was younger, how much do You know about your dad? Because you said like 19, your mom got pregnant, he goes to the military to help support you. Yes. So do, are you fam were you familiar with your dad? How, what type of relationship did you have with your Father? Yeah, I mean, you gotta think I'm 41 years old. Right? Right. So this is the nineties. Yes. So you can't just get on FaceTime when my dad's in Iraq. Yeah. You know, he, you gotta wait for a letter, wait till you can, he can get to a phone to call me. And hopefully I'm home with the time difference. I might be at school. Right. I might miss the phone call or whatever.


It wasn't that easy to stay in touch with him. But my dad loved me. Yeah. He always loved me. It's just the circumstances were up. But me and my father are closer than ever now. Really? Yeah. Did, did your mom ever say anything negative about your dad? That, that he left and went to the military, that he wasn't there to help help her with you? Or did you understand the situation? My mom spoke very negatively about my dad. Mm. Yeah. He, she did. Sorry, mom, this is my story. I gotta tell my story. Okay. And I love my mom. And again, and now that I'm older, I do understand a lot more.


Yeah. My mom would be like, that motherfucker don't come around, he da da da da, this and that. And now that I'm older, my dad's like, yo, I can't just leave Panama. Right. I'm fighting with Noriega. Yeah. Like, I can't just get up and come. Right. You know, it was a different time. And so now I do understand that dynamic and I feel like maybe my mom didn't understand that Right. Back in the day, You know, and maybe she understands it now. I haven't had a conversation with her about that. But for me, Shannon, I I like to just move forward and just Not look back, Let shit go. I don't, I don't wanna dwell on all that stuff. You know, I've had resentment towards my dad initially, then I had resentment towards my mom later.


And I just feel, I've just been in survival mode my whole life. And I'm tired. I really am tired because I become famous and I'm still in survival mode, really. You know? So Yes, all the time, every day I just, I mean, I just wish someday I could just, I don't know. You seem tired. Take A break. Yeah. You've been fighting. You, you, you feel, you feel you've been fighting your entire life. Yeah. And you just want, I don't wanna fight anymore. I had to fight girls when I was growing up. I had to take care of my mom. I had to fight, fight, fight, fight, just one day.


I just wanna, I just wanna relax. I just wanna decompress. Yeah. Well, imagine you're young. Excuse me. You're the only child. My stepfather was an alcoholic. So he would, You know, he would go on binges for weeks at a time, come back and I would get, You know, I grew up in a one bedroom apartment with my mom, one bathroom, You know, we were poor. Right. And I would get up in the middle of the night to use the bathroom and he would just be drunk on the toilet passed out just like that. And I, it's like, I gotta do what I gotta do to get the outta here, You know? And, and I started very young thinking, like taking the train up to New York, trying to make connections, trying to get signed to modeling agencies, just trying to do everything I can to make enough money to get Out.


So is this where the exotic dancing came in at? Yeah, absolutely. So Were had, yeah, I mean, I, I think I'm your, you started at 15. Well, I, I, yes. That was the first time I danced. I was 15 years old and granted my parents did not know. Of course not. How Did you pull that off? Because don't they normally Id or mean you just look very mature for your age? Well, I just went to the check cashing place and just got a fake Id. Like, it was just like they giving out fake IDs. Okay. I'm on my way. Right. Like, it was like, You know, but I'll be honest, I used to like, I used to like weigh crack rocks for this drug dealer.


I'm not gonna mention his name, but I used to weigh the crack and I used to put 'em in bags and, and I used to, he used to throw me money, but then I went to him, I'm like, I have to make more money because me and my mom became homeless because my, my stepfather was a construction worker, but also an alcoholic. So he would Can't miss too many Mondays or they're gonna let you go. Yeah. So he would do, like, he would do estimates all around these neighborhoods and then he wouldn't finish the job. Oh My goodness. You know, so then he would take the money and go get drunk or whatever. And we got evicted when I was like 15 years old and we, I had nowhere to go.


So I started staying at my friend's house. But then her mom was like, you need to put up some money for food. And I'm like, I don't have no money. Right. I'm 15 years old, I don't have no money. Damn. So I would like, sometimes I would get like 50 cent or like a quarter or something. I can go get a chicken wing for a corner at the corner Chinese store. I get a chicken wing or something. Maybe some fried rice if I had like a dollar 50 or something. But yeah, so, so we got evicted. And then Shannon, I tried to sell crack, bro. I tried, I did it for like two hours and I was so scared dealing with these people.


Yeah, I can imagine. And I was like, yo, I cannot do this. I can't. I want them like, in my mind I'm like, you See the Money? I'm in survival mode. Yes. I'm trying to get out, I'm trying to figure my life out and I'm young and I don't have no family. Right. So, You know, then I ran into some girls and they were like, you're pretty, you can come make money over here. And it just was not my personality at all. Right. And I just, I felt like, what else am I gonna do? I can't go work at McDonald's. But it's not enough money


These days. It feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and rock. It isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


This is Ashley ett from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. You probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future health.


Don't miss your window of opportunity. Upgrade your space now during blinds dot com's anniversary sale and save up to 50% sitewide Blinds.com. Elevate your windows with the Number one online retailer of custom window treatments. blinds.com offers hundreds of premium window treatment options. Choose from woven wood and Roman shades to blinds, motorized shades and more. All designed to fit your budget without sacrificing. Quality blinds.com brings the showroom to you. With free virtual consultations and samples delivered directly to your door fast and free. Our design experts can help schedule a professional measure and installation. Plus guidance for DIYers too. blinds.com has been trusted for 29 years, earning thousands of five star reviews. Shop with confidence knowing you'll get upfront pricing, no hidden fees and blinds dot com's. 100% satisfaction guarantee. But hurry, these savings won't last. Shop blinds dot com's anniversary sale happening right now for up to 50% offsite wide. Save up to 50% sitewide@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


So lemme ask you this, I had Cash doll on and she said when she first, I think she was in her teens also when she first started, what is the mindset that you have to get in to go do that? 'cause she said, Hey, I had to take, take a couple shots, get my mind right to know that all of a sudden I'm gonna have to take my clothes off in front of strange men. Taking your clothes off in front of your man is one thing. Taking your clothes off in a, in a building, everybody watching is something entirely different. So what was the mindset that Amber Rhode had to get in and say you're 15, 16 at this time. Yeah. What was the mindset that you had to go to that says, I can do this? I didn't even think about it Shannon. I just knew that I had to make money to eat, get my mom an apartment and figure out I never drank.


I never did a drug in my life. To this day, I've never tried Coke Molly. People would be like, how did you marry What's Khalifa? And you never smoked weed? I don't smoke weed. I just was laser focused on making money. And I don't know where cash dial worked, but where I worked, it was only topless. Oh, okay. Okay. So it wasn't, I've never danced nude. Oh, Okay. Okay. So you kept the bottoms on? Yes. Okay. Always kept the bottoms on. So it was just topless. I was like, I mean, once you see a pair of titties, you've seen 'em all. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like it just, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don't know if you just, Yeah, I don't thinking you opened that thing butt ball. No, no, no, no. Never. I've never danced nude. Ever. No, never.


So, yeah, so it's like once you get into the dressing room with the girls and everyone has their chances out, Everybody walking ride with you. Yeah. You're just, you become desensitized. You're like, it's really not a big deal. Right. It's not like a huge reveal. Right. Where the guys are like, oh my god. Yeah. It's, You know. So did You make a lot of money? You make good money. I mean, so, so your first night working, you go in there, you're like, okay, I gotta do this. There is no other option. I don't have any family I can lean on. My mom really needs me to come through. You're 15, 16 years of age. How much money did you make the first night and were you hooked from that point on? $33. I'll never forget. 33. Yeah, you might have came. I better go to McDonald's. I Know, I know, I know. $33.


$33. Yes. Well, how much was the dance? A a dollar chunk. A buck. I, I didn't do no dances. I was too scared Somebody. So I was too scared, Shannon. I just was not that girl. I felt like I had to be there. Right. And I went on stage and this was one of those, it was more of a gentleman's club. Yeah. Than like a make it rain club. Yeah. Yeah. So the guys was like giving me little ones Like Yeah. Tuck of a buck. Yeah. Tuck a buck Called it. I made $33. 33. Yes. I'll never forget the number. 'cause I was like, oh, at least I get to eat. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You're like, okay, you make $33. Now that's not a big incentive, Amber, to come back the next night. I'm just saying. I know. I can see if you made a five, you made 500 or you made two 50.


Yeah. Thousand dollars. Absolutely. I'm coming back $33. But somehow you're like, I gotta go back. Yes. I even got jumped and everything at the club For $33. Not that night. Okay. But I got So they took your money? Hell no. They didn't take my money. Okay. No, they didn't. They didn't take my money. But, but I'm at, so why would you get jumped? Because you, were you the prettiest girl in the club? I got jumped because there was stages. Right. And You know, when you get called to stage, then you gotta go to the next stage and a new girl comes up and it's like a rotation. Yes. So I, this girl went up before me and she was doing all these tricks and splits and stuff like that.


And I was never that dancer. Right. I was always very sensual. Right. And sexy. Okay. That's the type of dancer I was. So she got up and I think they were like Africans if I remember correctly. And they just had stacks and stacks and stacks of money at this one stage. Shannon. They didn't give her a dollar, they didn't give this girl a dollar. So it was my turn to get on stage and it was a tsunami. As soon as I stepped foot on that stage, They it. Right. It was crazy. And she got mad at me. What? And she, so she, so she was bullying me and then we go into the dressing room and she's like, mm.


Wanna think they better, they cute. Just, I was like, girl, you're obviously talking about me. Right. Like, just say it to me. Right. I was in the Bronx, I was at Uz Rendezvous at the time, and one of her friends was like, don't talk to her like that. And I'm like, oh, these s are about to jump me. Right. You know? And then I said, bitch, You know, you shut the up. 'cause I felt like if I don't, You know, I'm from Philly, if I don't do this, I can't come back and make money. Right. I can't let these s bully me. Right. You know, and then Yeah, they, they, they wind up jumping me. But the girl that started everything didn't even jump in. She, we didn't even fight. It was the, her, it was her friends that jumped me.


What was your stage name? Paris Coming to the stage all the way from Philly. Let's give it up for Paris. You know, I was Paris before Paris Hilton came out. I'm just gonna say that. Yeah. Because I was like, I'm a par I'm gonna be Paris. So you, so how long, how long were you exotic dancer? So, oh God, probably five, seven years. Five years. Yeah. So you had to be making some good money. Did You? After a while I was, yeah. Yeah. I was, You was the girl that came back. They requested, man, where's Paris? I'm looking for Paris. Exactly. So were you, like, how many nights a week would you work?


Two nights a week? Three nights a week, five nights a week? Oh, I would work all the time. Sometimes I would do doubles. Sometimes I'd do day shift. Really? Yeah. I mean, normally the girls at the day shift, they don't, they don't be like that. Damn. Exactly why I would make money. Oh, So you, oh, so you, you the Yeah, you the baddest brick in the pile. Well, Yeah. 'cause You know, like the businessmen will come on their lunch break. Yeah. And yeah, I would make, I would make money. You get an apartment, you're doing well. Yeah. Did You know like, I'm just doing this temporarily. This is not gonna, I'm not going to make this a career. So what was your thought process? So what was your, did you have an exit plan? I, I did. So I moved to New York.


Well, so when I, I was going up to New York and I was trying to get signed to a modeling agency. Okay. And what's crazy is that Channing Tatum before he was famous. Okay. So we both weren't famous, but he was like dating some girl that I knew and we all became friends or whatever. Okay. And he was an exotic dancer. Right. So I was like, Chan, can you get me some appointments up in New York? I'm tall, I'm slim at the time, You know, I had kids now to filled out a little bit. So I'm like, can you gimme some appointments at modeling agencies? And he was like, of course.


So I would go up there and I had hair at the time and they were like, no, no, no girl, you're never gonna be a model. It's never gonna happen for you. And make a very long story short, I went back to Philly and I was like, You know, okay, I'm a pretty girl, but all the girls are pretty, that are going up there. They're all beautiful girls. How can I stand out? And I went to the barbershop and I said, just go down the middle. I don't care. Just shave this off. Really? Yes. You cut all the, I I'm, I'm assuming because you're biracial, your father's white, your mom is black, correct? Yes. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm assuming, and I am, I have a lot of hair.


Forgive me for being presumptuous. Those gorgeous locks. You just shaved Them, shaved it off, shaved it off. And I say, You know what, I don't. 'cause I used to put my hair in a ponytail, a low ponytail, and look from the side. And I was like, it kind of looks like I have a nice shaped head. You Know, you definitely have a, you, you definitely have the head that you can pull it off. Thank you. So, You know, I took a gamble and I, and I won and I got signed to Ford Models out of New York. But I wasn't a famous model. I was just, I just got signed. Right. So I still wasn't like this famous model. I still had to work, started to make money. I was sending money back to Philly for my mom and I just tried everything.


And then, oh, and then this lady comes in to Sue Rendezvous and she's like, you should do music videos. Damn. And I was like, I'm a real model. I'm not doing music. Just my ego. I was talking. Okay. And she was like, no, it's all expenses paid. And you get paid like a thousand dollars and you get like a per diem to eat and You know, get hotel and everything. So I was like, it, I'll do it. And then my first video was Young Jeezy I put on for my city. Wow. Yeah. But I had hair 'cause I would like wear hair to the strip club because when I modeled I was baldheaded.


Oh, okay. So you, so what, at what age did you cut your hair? 18. 18. And so this is kind of the look that you've had since you were 18, 22 Years Since you 22 years. Yeah. You don't miss it? I do. You gonna let it grow back? You're not, Probably not. Probably not. I don't, You know, it's just like, it's Your look now. I mean, it's kind of like you see Amber Rose, you expect to see the, the, the, the low haircut. I don't wanna say bald hair, but you would expect to see This look. Yeah, yeah, for sure. For sure. I throw a wig on every night. But You know what it's like I almost look worse with like wigs. Yeah. It's so weird. Do people recognize you with a wig? They do. They'll be like, girl, if you don't take that wig on.


Okay. The lady comes in. Yes. And she says, You know what you ought to do, you ought to do music videos. You're like, I'm a real model. But anyway, you give it a try. Yeah. You do it for a thousand dollars. And then Yes. So I do that and then she calls me back for another young Jeezy video vacation. But again, at the strip club, I'm wearing a wig. So then she calls me back for a Ludicrous and Chris Brown video. I know what them girls like. Yeah. And I said, well, her name is Margo. Shout out to Margo. I said, Margo, You know, I got, I got like this buzz cut underneath this wig I've been wearing. Do you think like maybe the next video I do. Like I could rock my short haircut. And she was like, video girls don't have short haircuts, Amber.


Like, it's just not a thing. Right. And I said, well, can I just send a picture? Maybe, maybe they might try it. You know. So she sent it to Chris Robinson, the video director, and he's like, yo, flyer out. And I, I became one of the main girls in that video. It was my first time in la So I was really excited. And that video is really what changed my life. Wow. Yeah. I read you once got paid a hundred thousand dollars for a music video. Is that true? No. What's the most you ever made in a music video? 25,000. Is that normal or was that excessive? Well, I was already famous. I think Future gave me 25,000 for Mask Off.


I think he gave me 25,000. Yeah. And then I think I did fabulous. His music video. You'd be killing him. I think he gave me like 15,000. But really at that time I just thought it was cool. Like they, they were like my home music shit. Right. I'm like, y'all come through and do a video. It's not a problem because I'm, you did music videos with Future Nicki Minaj Young, Jeezy Fab, Luda Breezy, Kanye Wizz, and Mary Mary. Two of these guys you end up, we gonna talk to about that in a minute. Okay. What's your best experience in the music video? So just meeting the guys and like, damn, they, they really cool. Yeah. I was very surprised with Future because he comes off very toxic.


But like, we have a scene where we're like in the car, like driving together and he's just a really nice well-spoken guy. Right. Like, I can see why Girls Date future. Okay. Because I'll like see it online. Right. And they'll be like, girl, you dating Future, You know how future, but when I did the video with him, I was like, he's actually really nice. And You know, my friend Chyna dated him. Right. But yeah, he's so well-spoken. Very professional. Nice guy. What's the worst part of doing music videos? I, You know what I'm saying? I, I'm, when I come on set, I'm very professional. Okay. I'm not drinking, I'm not doing nothing Cri I'm waiting for my turn. I'm waiting to get called. Okay. That's just, that's just how I move. So I've always had a pleasant experience.


So what, What is, is there anything that people, is their perception of music videos, that's not reality? What would, what what does the public don't get about music videos? I think it depends on the artist. I'll be honest with you. Because again, Chris Brown, young Jeezy, future Fabulous. They were all very professional with everybody that was there. So I didn't have a bad experience. I can't speak for other artists. Okay. You know, I, I don't know what they do on set, but these guys were always great. I read, I don't know if it's true or not, that Nicki Minaj helped you get your following up by shouting you out that you got gained like a ton of followers.


Yes. Yes. I called her and I said, girl, I need to, I I just signed up for Twitter, can you gimme a shout out? And she was like, hell yeah. And then she did it. I was just with at Nikki's house the other day. Wow. Yeah. We're still, we're still good friends, You know. So you, you you got a cool relationship with Us. Yes. Yeah. Video vixens. That's that deter, that's the term that some of you, some of you young ladies get, You know, look at Melissa Ford and Karen Steffens and Buffy the Body. Gloria Valez, black China, Eric. Man. Is that a, is that a, an enduring term or you like Nah, we, we just, Well that's a part of my resume. Okay. I'm not a video vixen now, but I was Right.


I was, yeah. And it was a fun time. Really? Yeah. Hell yeah. It was fun. Did you, did you work with any of these ones that I mentioned? I did not. I haven't had the pleasure. No. Wow. Would you do? They Were a little before my time. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I came after those girls. Oh, okay. Okay. My bad. Yeah. Ain't that old. No. Just playing no shade to the girls. Oh my God. I didn't mean it like that. I'm just saying they, they're a gener, they're like with Cisco and like, I was still young with like Drew Hill and Cisco and stuff like that. I'm still Young. I read that John Legend said that as I sat down with John Legend, as a matter of fact in this very, this very building here. And it was talking about that he had a shot, a video.


That's how he ended up meeting his wife, Christy Tegan. Mm. Obviously you went on a video, a couple of video shoots and you ended up meeting your future partners. Is that when you go on the shoot you're like, I'm keeping it professional. Yes. Or at least you try to, is that the goal of some women? Like, go on these sets and maybe try to get with the guy that's, I'm sure women do that. I'm, I'm sure plenty of women do that. Right. That's personally not me, but it's crazy. 'cause you, you're referring to Kanye when I did his video? Yes. Okay. Well he flew me out to do Robocop video because he was like, you look like a robot, I think this would be cool. Right. And I said, absolutely.


I'll de you're Kanye West. Of course I'll come out and shoot the video. It would be an honor. And I come out and shoot the, I I'm sorry, I go to LA and we're like hanging out that night. I meet him and he's on another video set and I'm like, okay, so what time should I be ready tomorrow morning? Is the car gonna, You know, so I'm so used to like these, you you Keeping it professional. But Yeah, the, the other videos I've done before that. And he is like, nah, nah, just chill. We, we we're gonna figure it out. I'll just, You know, so I'm like, okay. So then a day goes by, then another day goes by, we're going out to dinners, uhoh, we're going, we're going like, You know, You doing everything but shooting the video if we, Yes.


I, we doing everything but shooting the video. So I'm like, Kanye, I, You know, like I only brought like one outfit because that's what I was used to. You fly in, you do the video, you have an outfit to get back on the airplane and go home. Right. He's like, you don't need no outfit, don't even worry about it. I got you. So I'm like, okay. So then he's, so then we go out to dinner and he, this is like the fourth, fifth day I'm there and he is like, Hey, do you wanna, I know this is crazy, but do you wanna come to the Grammys with me? And I was like, oh my God. Yes. I was. I'm like this, You know, it sound fun.


So we went to the Grammys and then, You know me, I'm just, I'm so young, Shannon. I'm like, are we still doing this video? Yeah. But I did not realize I got flown out. Oh. I did not notice. Hell, I'm sitting here, you telling a story? I didn't realize you got flown out. Yes. I was so green. I didn't realize that he really flew me out. Right. Because he saw me in the video. Right. And for, You know, I thought I was hot. And then he flew me out. But I didn't know. Were were you at the video when he jumped on the stage with Taylor? Yes. I was sitting next. You Caused that. I did not, I did not cause that.


But lemme ask you a question. Okay. Day one go by, you ain't shooting no video. Day two go by. He like, bro, I understand. We going to dinner and thing, but bro, I I need to make money. Did you ever did that thought like, hold on, I'm out here and that's fine. I'm going to these nice restaurants. But that ain't put no money in my pocket. Well, You have to think Shannon, like it's still Kanye West. Yes. And he's very nice to me and he's not being fresh with me or nothing. Okay. He's being very respectful and nice, You know, See that's that nineties talking fresh. Yeah. So like he, You know, he was, he was very charming. Right. So I was having a good time. But once I realized, You know, so anyway, we go to the Grammys, right?


I call my mom, I said, mom, Kanye invited me to the Grammys. I like, I just, I'm flabbergasted. I don't know. Like, she's like, baby, just go have a good time. Right. Blah, blah, blah. So little did I know the same day I called my mom was the same day my aunt died, which is my favorite person in the whole world. Mm. It's my mom's sister. Right. And she, she died of an overdose. Okay. But, so I call Kanye 'cause I'm at the hotel and I guess he's at home and I'm like, I'm sorry, I, I have to leave. I have to go back to Philly. My aunt died and he was like, I'll go with you, I'll come with you. I don't care.


Whoa. And I was like, I'm like, Kanye, you can't come with me because the funeral's gonna be all about you being there. Right. Let me just go handle my stuff. I'll just call you. And he is like, okay, okay. So I go and I go to my aunt's funeral and he's checking on me every hour. Shannon damn man, every hour he's checking on me. And mind you, this, we didn't have sex. We didn't kiss, we didn't hug, we didn't do nothing. Like I flew out to do a music video. Right. And he's taking me out to dinner. Right. But that was about it. So long story short, the the funeral's over a couple days go by, he calls me and he's just like, I know it's crazy, but like, you should just come out here and just be with me.


Just move to LA and just come and be with me. Like, I'd been thinking about you every day. Wow. And I just think we should try it. And I'm like, well I gotta go back to the Bronx and get all my stuff out out of my apartment. He's all that stuff. I get you all brand new stuff. You don't need nothing. So I left all my stuff in the Bronx. I left everything I had and he got me everything brand new. He got, Somebody got some good stuff up in the Bronx, huh? Yeah. They got some cool, it ain't, that ain't as cool as what Kanye bought me. But it's cool. That's how they do it, huh? Yeah. Shannon, I did not know. I just did not know.


So when people were like, oh, Kanye found her at the strip club, he didn't even know I was a dancer until I went back to LA to be with him. And I was like, by the way, I was dancing. And he was like, I don't give a shit about that. Like, I just wanna be with you


These days. It feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. Their American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone. Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future health.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you? When we come through it's true magic. 'cause we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


So he was very charming. That's why I, I fell in love with Kanye. 'cause he was really amazing at the time. Wow. Yeah. So Kanye, so first dates, what's gimme, gimme a kinda like a timeline, like a first date. How should line up? Okay, I see some, you see somebody because it's studies say now nobody ask anybody on a date in person. Basically it's dm, So annoying y It's, You know, it's third party. Hey, my homeboy or my homegirl saw you. Or they wanna know, can they get you, You know, gimme your ig, don't nobody pass out no numbers anymore. Hey, you can hit me on ig. Things like that. So if someone were to ask, and I, and, and I don't wanna be disrespectful, so if you're in a relationship, I apologize, but I'm not, I'm very much single.


Okay. Why am I dm? So I'm just, What's the best way to go about asking Amber Rose out on a date? Just ask me. I might actually say yes because no one talks to me ever. Really? And that's the thing, You know, people be like, You know, how did Nick Canon get Mariah and it's like he got Mariah. 'cause he actually asked her. Yeah. And he wasn't intimidated because she was Mariah Carey. Okay. You know, and you gotta think somebody like a Mariah or even even me, I know I'm not Mariah, I don't want to Yeah. You might say. Yeah. But they just are so, they're scared of the rejection.


Yeah. That so many months go by where no one tries to talk to us. And then we're just, What's wrong with me? Just, Nah, I never, you like, I never think what's wrong with me That I the wrong with y'all. So you like a confident man. You like a man to walk up on. You say, excuse me, can I take you to lunch? Can I take you to dinner? Shannon, you better stop. You know, I like to climb trees. Lord have mercy. You about to get me in trouble. But so but you like, you like a man with confidence. I do. That's not put off because there's not, there's not. I I I, I feel comfortable in saying this. I don't think there are very many people that can, that's gonna walk up on you and not know who you are.


But a lot of times people get intimidated by the men that you've dated. She dated Kanye, she dated a whi, she dated Sam. And so they like automatically. Yeah. So lemme ask you a question. You cool with a a dude that's, that's not on that level As far as what? Like either famous or financially Yes. Fi I mean obviously look you doing good for yourself. I ain't gonna be with somebody that ain't doing as good as me. Yeah. I need you to be doing at least as good as me. Right. If not better. Yes. Better. It's better. But I'm saying, could it be someone that's not famous, quote Unquote. Of course. Yeah. They don't have to be famous at all. But they, they, They gotta Have to be rich. They have to be rich For sure.


So you go out. So what's so how's, because it is interesting to see because You know, you think you, how I would talk to someone that's not famous versus someone that is famous. You're trying to like, okay. When, when in actuality this is still a, a woman and they like pretty much a lot of the same things. So I can have a normal, you could, a guy could have a normal conversation. Correct. Right. Right. Exactly. So there was this guy, it was like two weeks ago, he went to his manager and asked about me if his manager knew someone that knew me to get in contact with me. Right. You're Doing too much bro.


So he did all that. So I finally get on the phone, I'm like, why didn't you just DM me? And he was like, I just feel like you got so many dms. You ain't gonna see me man. I'm not going. And I said, I have no dms. My dms are so dry. Men are terrified of me, Shannon. Right. Even when I go on dates, like they're handshake and I'm just like, why? I, I mean, I don't know. Are you okay being, because the thing is Amber, the thing of people I think sometimes they're like the pub, the publicity, what comes along with Amber Rose. Yeah. Are you okay not being dating publicly? I I prefer that. Okay. Yeah, because You know, you date public, you gotta break up public.


Yeah. And people All, I made those mistakes throughout the years. Okay. I, I don't, I I'm not even concerned with that anymore. Okay. But when guys lie to your dm, I mean, do they, like I would like to get to know you. How do you, how do you differentiate? How do you like, okay, you serious? Oh, you man you on some bull job and so forth and so on. How do you, how do you determine what you going to entertain and what you going to mark the red? Well, I'll know based off the first conversation on the phone. Okay. Okay. If you're stupid, I'm very attracted to like, I'm attracted to articulate smart men that have like a soothing energy but still very masculine and strong.


Right. I need all of those components to make me feel safe around you. Right. So if I get on the phone with you and you're like, yo, what up shouty, what up? I'm gonna be like, oh God, this Ain't it. It's not it, it's not it. You mentioned like, you want someone that's obviously financially secure. So what is this? What about 50 50 relationships? You ain't, you ain't trying to hear that, bruh. You ask me out, come on with it. Yeah. Especially on a date. I'm not paying for no date. I'm not paying for no date. Okay. I'm not paying. Like if I, if I'm in a committed relationship with someone, why do I have to pay the, the bills? That's insane. I mean, I'm not So no bills?


No, I'm saying like, I mean, I could pay for my cell phone bill 'cause it's like already like, set up. Like I'm not gonna be like, let me take my credit card off and put yours on. I'm not an, You know, I mean just realistically. Right. I don't, like, I don't even know how that would work. Right. I've, I've never experienced that. You say that have, have you ever paid for a date? Have you ever a guy, have you ever taken a guy out and paid for his date, paid for the, You know, brought the, You know, the meal, the, the check came and you're like, babe, I got this. Or If it was my man, yes. Okay. For sure I'll do that. Okay. That's not a problem. Okay. But if it's just a date and I'm getting to know the person, no. Okay. Do you wanna share bank accounts or you Okay.


Like you got your own, I got my own. I know you gonna take care of me like that. Or do you need to be, have a, you you guys need to have a joint bank account even if you, if you're married. I understand that. 'cause I think everybody, if you're married have a joint bank account. Yeah. You got your bank account. I got my bank account. You but what about just dating? We're not married. No, I don't wanna see That's too invasive. Okay. Yeah. I don't, I don't need that. Say okay, I lie. Yeah. I don't need that Marriage. You wanna get married again? If I find the right person, but I'm not Kid. One more kid. Oh, do I want another baby daddy is the question, Because you told me you, I think you, you want, you want a girl, right?


You want you, you got two boys. Yeah. I want mine another boy. What about a daughter? You don't want Amber? I'm good. You afraid she might be like big Amber? I, You know what, I'm, I'm actually, I love my boys. I'm a very much a boy's mom. Yeah. So I'm so used to that, that I don't even know what I would do with a girl. You know what I mean? Yeah, I do. But I would have to get a surrogate. 'cause I was telling you before we started, you did, I have tears in my spinal cord from pregnancy. Right. So I have to get like epidural steroid shots and stuff. And once I get those, I'm like running around like a teenager. I'm good. Right. But to go through that, like again with my body and carrying a baby in my body, I, I cannot go through that again.


Oh, okay. Yeah. Gifts. What's the best gift you've ever received? I don't get gifts, Shannon. Nah. Stop this happening now. See, now see y'all, you see putting on We would do it good. I thought you was courteous. Receptive to courtesy. And now you gonna tell me ain't nobody don't bought you no gifts. They Don't buy me gifts. They don't buy me gifts. I They don't buy you no gifts anymore or they have never bought you gift. I never really like, I never, like, men have taken me shopping for sure. I go shopping. But as far as like, I was thinking about you and I got you this. No, Really? No. I'm telling you, You know, when I was at home and I was thinking about this interview, I'm like, people are gonna think that I'm a liar.


Yes. But I really just always had bad luck. Like, I just feel like my whole life has just been bad luck and I had some cool shit happen. But for the most part, I don't know. I just never really had, I mean, maybe a Christmas gift, I don't know. No, I see girls on Instagram and it's like, my boyfriend just bought me a gwa. I'm like, I never got that. Ever. Wow. Yeah. That's what, but how would you feel like, oh, you start dating? Because I think, You know, once you start leading with money, there's an expectation that that's the continuation and that's the way it should be.


So, I mean, so, so what's your expectations? You get into, But I don't leave with money, Shane. No, I'm saying they leave, You know, lead with money. I, I don't expect you to, but I'm saying if a guy Oh, I hear what you're saying. Yes, I understand what you're saying. Yeah. Well, here's the thing. I won't just date a man 'cause he has money. Okay. If that's the case, I could have been married a billionaire already. Yeah. I need to wanna have sex with you. Okay. I need to wanna snuggle up with you. Okay. I need to wanna not eat until I eat with you. Okay. That's what I love. Okay. I'm a lover girl. I'm believe bru, You know, if, if we're watching a series, I'm not finna watch the next episode without you.


Oh, okay. That's the type of person that I am. So I can't just be with a guy just because he has money there. It has to be a full package, which is why I've been single for the past two years, is because I just won't, I just won't settle. I just won't settle for something that's not genuinely gonna make me excited. Well, I mean, I mean, it is not like you got a a a wheelhouse type of guy. I mean, Wiz is six four, you got Kanye a little shorter. I mean, I mean, you'd be, I dated a white man. I dated a black man. I did. I don't care. I don't really have a preference in looks. Okay. Damn. Yeah, I don't, I just, I like Korean men too.


Like, I like the Yeah, like the, the K-pop, they're like cute. What athletes, I don't know about you dated an athlete before. I dated one. One was a LI don't wanna talk about, but You caught I was going through a divorce. It don't count. Right. But I dated Monte Morris, that was my boyfriend for a while. Okay. Right. We're actually still very close and I'm close with his family and stuff like that. But as, as friends, we haven't been together for a very long time. What about Football player? You dating? Ain't that no football Guy? No. What's wrong with them? They're a little, You know, Guys, I'm sorry.


Didn't tell you I tried. I, I tried, I tried to get y'all leave. But you, like you say, y'all crazy, so No, it's okay. So it's not that. It's like, You know what, Shannon, I'm gonna be honest with you. If I get on the phone with you and you, you try to love bomb me, and then all you talk about is sex. I'm gonna block you very early on in the conversations. Okay. And I feel like with a lot of athletes, they're very sexual all the time. And it's like, can we just chop it up and laugh? Right. Can we just go to the movies and out to eat? Like, just like men have groupies. I have groupies too. Yeah, for sure. So when it gets too convenient and too easy, I'm turned off.


Oh, it's too accessible for me. Okay. You under, I'm not the average girl. I feel you. So when it's too accessible and you just slinging it all over the place, I'm like, it's not, I don't really want it. Yeah. You know? Okay. Yeah. So that's, that's your red flag. Yeah. Just like a DI just wanna, I wanna see you, I wanna do this and that. I'm like, what's your last name, where you come from, you got kids, what's going on? Like, what do you, what's your hobbies? I you like talking about having sex with me. You don't even know me. Right. So, so weird. I ideal first day. Okay. I cut. I might need another sip of this shit.


Go Ahead. Go ahead. God damn. Alright. Hell look. Hey Amber, what's up? Oh, we doing this? Yeah. Yeah, We're doing this. I'm calling, I'm calling you. Pick up. Hello. Hey. Hey Amber. How you doing? This is Shannon. Oh, Hey Shannon. How, how you doing Boo? Doing? I was wondering if, if you're free tomorrow night, wanna take you to dinner? Just wanna get to know you just, just fill you out. Nothing, having nothing major. No, no strings attached. It's not like this is a, a committed relationship or anything like that, but I just wanna get to know you and see if we can vibe it. I'm actually free tomorrow. I would love that. What time?


I'm on my way right now, but I pick you up everybody, so, so, okay. Guy calls I'm easy. Yeah. I need to, You know, but the, I'm not easy in that way, but I'm, it's like, if I'm available Sure. I'll go on a date. What do you like? So what's a, what's a, you want Dely led? Okay. You cool? You wanna be off in the back room somewhere? What's, what's a, what's an ideal evening for Amber? Great conversation. Okay. Eye contact. Okay. Not talking about sex at all. Okay. Right. It's gonna turn me off. Okay. What are your dreams and ambitions or what were they like? You asked me earlier when you were a kid, I just wanna get to know you.


Right. I wanna feel a closeness to you. Right. Where it makes me be like, damn, I'm thinking about him the next day I wanna see him again. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I Like that. You know? Yeah. Yeah. See, So it's like, y'all can see that with me. That what, that's what y'all need to do. Yeah. I wanna be like, I wanna wake up the next day and just be like, that was so nice. Right. I wonder what he's doing later. Right. I want Hopefully Sure. Hope he asked me out again. Yes. Yes. Have, have you. But Shannon, hold on before you say that. Okay. These men out here are princesses. Okay. They wanna be the princess. Really? They want you to text first. They want you to be like, babe, I'm gonna take you out.


They want you to call. I'm gonna take you out, boo. They want you to be the man in the relationship. Really? It's so bad out here. It's so terrible. You don't know how many people I blocked. Like I can't take it. And these are really, I mean, I'm not gonna name y'all. They're really successful Right guys. Just stupid. Just they, they wanna be catered to and it's like, I'm a, I'm old school, But Amber, it's okay if you call, it's okay. It's like, Hey, are you And I do. Okay. I do. You know, 'cause some of, some of y'all, y'all, some of y'all, y'all be doing too much. I'm not toxic. No, but I'm saying I shouldn't have to call all the time.


No, I'm not saying that. I'm saying, what I'm saying is, is that these men nowadays do not take initiative. Oh, okay. Like men do. If you, if me, you are talking and you text me and I'm on my phone, I'm not gonna be toxic and be like, let me wait. I'm gonna let 'em wait 10 minutes for, Okay. See, they be doing that though. I'm not doing that dumb. Okay. I'm too old for that. Okay. If I'm on my phone and you text me, I'm gonna be like, Hey boo, what you doing? Right. I'm gonna text you right back. Right. I don't care about looking thirsty and all that. If I'm excited, I'm going to show you that I'm excited. Yeah. And I want the same in return. Okay. I like that. Hold on. Is it true that you make men get tested before they sleep with you?


Yes. Well, I'm protecting you. Oh. But yeah. Yes. Every time. And they cool with that. They're like, okay. Yeah, but they not gonna do it. They're Gonna do it. Yeah. You better believe it. Hey, as a matter of fact, I'm coming with it. There you go. Right there. Right. I was hoping. Exactly. At What age did you start doing what? What At what age? Well, again, I, I watched my neighborhood friend die of aids. Yeah. So for me it was very close to home. It hit home. And I wanted to be an epidemiologist. So I had stu, I studied STDs and I was obsessed with like bacterias and stuff. So for me it's like, you not finna play with my life.


I don't give a fuck how cute you are. Wow. What's the wildest thing you've ever done in a relationship? I read with Megan Fox. I think she drank like some of machine gun Kelly's blood. And you saw Angelina Jo Angelina Jolie did this with Billy Bob Thornton. What's the wildest thing you've done in a relationship ever? I'm not a wild girl. Huh? I'm not. But why? People have that perception of you don, You know, they do That. I don't know. Ask my assistant, Joseph, you've been with me for 10 years. I have no skeletons in my closet. I'm not into devious sex. I don't like eating coochie. I'm not into threesomes. I don't, I I'm a very traditional world. I don't like none of that extra, I don't do drugs. I don't get drunk.


I'm very square. I'm just not that person. Oh, so you like a basket. You like one on one? I like 1 0 1. There you, I Like 1 0 1. Gimme that. Gimme that. See? Yep. All That. That's frowned upon nowadays. 'cause if, if girls say that, it's like, oh, she ain't gonna bring no home. It's, I'm not bringing no bitches home, y'all. I'm not doing it. Don't ask me, don't bother me with that shit. Or just leave me alone. Right. It's not my thing. You spend the block. No. Once you're done, you're Done. I'm done. Yeah. I hold grudges too. Really? Yeah, I do. Why? I just, I'm just not a forgiving person. What if it's you the one that messed up. I don't mess up. I never met. I'm a overachiever.


I do not mess up. You go through my phone if I'm, if if you're my man, you can go. You got my password. I don't got nothing to hide. Damn. Yeah. Shannon. Men don't cheat on their barber. Why you gonna cheat on me? Damn. I ain't look at it like that. You, I didn't look at it like that. Y'all heard that You don't cheat on your, you don't go to the barber. You could be cutting you every 10 years, all of a sudden step out on and let somebody else cut It. They don't do that. So why, why you cheating on me? For what? Why do I have to tolerate that? Ooh, Damn. I like What you doing with that shit? What have dating in LA taught you?


It is a nightmare out here. Really? It's a nightmare. Yeah. I saw on Instagram the other day, they said LA is the worst place in America for dating. I can believe It. Yeah, that's Right. Because there's a lot of pretending Amber. Yeah. There's a lot of pretending on both sides. I'm somebody that I'm not, I have something that I'm not. I'm going someplace I'm not. And so everybody, everybody is lying to each other. Yeah. And then when you get together and you finally catch up, like, bro, sis you been lying this whole time. Yeah. Sick. You ain't none of what you said. It's sick out here. It's sick If you live here. I mean, so you gotta, you gonna, if you gonna get married, you gonna have to, I live here by default because my kids are here.


Right. Right. And they're still young. Right. If I didn't have my kids, or if I didn't wanna go through all this shit with my baby daddies, I would leave. I would go to, I would go to Dallas or something. Oh, I thought you were gonna say Houston. Why do you think people cheat? They're insecure. If you cheat, you're insecure because all you have to do is say, Hey listen, I care about you, but I'm not happy, so I wanna go over here and try this. It's really not that hard. Yes, you might shatter someone's heart, but at least you're being honest. Right. So when you cheat, you're trying to find validation somewhere else because you can't face what you got going on in your life.


Just be honest. So transparency is big for you. It is the only thing, if you betray me, I'll never talk to you ever again. Never. Never. Have you ever cheated? Never. Not on any boyfriend I ever had ever in my life. I never cheated. I'm not a cheater. I mean, I mean, you don't drink, you don't smoke. You ain't out here tripping. What is it? What is it? I mean, I would've thought you'd have been married with my four, five kids By now. Men are terrified of me. Why are they terrified Of you? I don't know. I man, you are a man. Tell me. I don't know. I don't know. I think they're, they're intimidated by my persona. Yes. I believe it. But If you get to know me as a person, you'd be like, damn, she cool as hell.


I'm really just a South Philly regular girl. You did. I mean, you came in here, you're like, Hey, how you doing? Nice to meet you. Thanks for having me. I appreciate you coming out to do this. You are very courteous, very receptive to courtesy. Yeah. But I can, I can see, because I'm thinking in my head, I'm like, wow, okay. She's a very attractive woman. I mean, I see her on, when you see someone was telling you this off camera, I say to see someone on television and you thinking you're not gonna see this person and all of a sudden you meet this person. Of course I had a perception of what I thought you would be. Right. You're nothing what I thought you would be Right. Actually sitting here talking to you off camera, not talking to you on camera. So I can see why men that see you and I like to think I'm kind of successful, but A-A-A-A-A normal person.


Yeah. They would be very intimidated by you. Yeah. And it, and it happens. But You know, girls like me are probably the most loneliest for sure. How do you, how do you, how do You know someone is cheating? Have you caught someone cheating? You go through his phone, you follow him out, you put, what are the air tags? I think that's the thing. So how, how, how have you caught? I will, I listen. You ain't gonna tell your secrets. I'm a real southly. I used to pull up. I will pull up, I'll do all that stuff. I'll bust out windows. Come on, Jasmine busting the windows out. Somebody come. I swear to God, like that was amber back in the day. Okay. Okay. Now I have an intuition.


I'll know like that and I'll just be like, get the outta my life. I don't tolerate Why, why tolerate? I have my own own money, my own children, my own house, my own cars. Why? Why tolerate and betrayal. If you could sit there and lie to me, you are not my friend. And in a relationship you have to be friends with someone first before anything. Right. You know? So if you're not my friend, why are you in my life? For what? Wow. How do you repair a broken heart? Just time. Because they say the mind replays what the heart can't delete. Mm, That makes sense. Yeah. So when you are in a situation and you are with someone for an extended period of time and not saying it's betrayal because, and, and, and the thing is Amber and I, what I tell people, breaking up with someone is easy if you are the one that wanted to do the breaking up.


Right. The hard part is when you want to be in this relationship and the other party doesn't. Yes. That's the hard part. Yeah. How do you start to men when you've been inter, inter, inter interwoven with this person for an extended period of time? Two years, five years, seven years, 10 years? How do you untangle that? I mean, I go to the gym. That's all I do. I get up every day. I know it sounds superficial, but the only thing that can heal that is time. Mm. Getting up under somebody else is not gonna help. Sitting at home and crying about it is not gonna help. It's not gonna change nothing.


But if you go and you get active and you stay busy, time will go by and then You know things will get better. Mm. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listen to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like, You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois.


Big time rush performing live in concert, playing every song from every episode. And more. Big time rush with special guests, Kaitlyn Tarver and Steven Kramer Glickman. Get tickets now@livenation.com.


Please welcome aboard the Johnson Family. The whole fans here for the Disney groups. So, You know, we came to play and listen, the adults are gonna have a ball. First we're chilling in the Infinity pool onto massages at Census Spa, then gliding into Star Wars hyperspace Lounge for a toast. We're even going to kick back with Mickey on Disney's private Island. That's how we get down. 'cause Disney Cruise Line is where we came to play.