
This is an iHeart podcast. Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree change of formula for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree.


Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes answer per sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself At Designer Shoe Warehouse, we believe that shoes are an important part of well everything. Everything from First Steps to first dates, from all-nighters to all-time personal vests. From building pillow forts to building a life, building A life for all the big and small moments that make up your whole world.


DSW. DSW is there and we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at brag worthy prices at your DSW store or DSW dot com. You're a hustler. You get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With JLo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. JLo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless Skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long lasting results. Cleanse, treat moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit.


Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit j beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that J logo. I Hey. Hi. Morning, let Hi Queen. How you doing Miss Sharelle? I am amazing. You know, it's, it's one o'clock in the morning where I'm at, so I took me a little nap.


You holding it down? Good. Good. I'm holding it down. Listen, it's a holiday holiday over here. Yeah. What's the holiday? It's a Muslim holiday. I don't know what holiday it is, but it's a Muslim. It's been going on all week, but it's, no, don't get me the start. I don't wanna be disrespectful. Yeah. But I celebrated. Yeah. Had me some drinks, took me a little nap, and I'm up and ready for night camp. I mean, that is not anybody look Humble's podcast, my ass over here talking about nightcap. It should be nightcap part two. The way we, we we're capping, You know, the evenings and then Right festivities.


How have you big my love girl. Just really, this externship has been really interesting. Over the past weekend, I was challenged to make a dessert and something that I could leave once I'm done with my externship with this restaurant in Webster, shout out to them. Once I leave, then it's, You know, something there that has my name and signature on there. And so I proposed a red pudding with the blueberry compote and used ingredients that we have already on hand. And it came out phenomenal and the owner loved it.


And I sold my first one during brunch. So it was just, You know, it's just, it's just an exciting feat for me and, and just a passion just ignited and I'm so happy. And girl, I've been holding down a 4.15 GPA on president's list, and I'm just on the last, You know, couple weeks of this and I'm, and I'm done. I mean, I can't believe this journey is here, so I'm just proud. It went by so fast. It, I, no, it's crazy because, You know, I was, I was actually in culinary school while we were filming and so while I was filming the show, and so like to, yeah, so like to be juggling all these jobs and all these, You know, passions and really trying to show up, be a mother and also just like a friend.


It just, it just shows my resilience and shows like my, my, just my energy behind that we can accomplish anything that we set our mind to. And I just am grounded in just this energy and this faith of just really just accomplishment. So I'm happy, You know, I'm proud of myself and here we are. Yeah, I'm proud of you too. I cannot wait to come back home so you can cook me a full court meal. We have some girl talk and I just stuff in my face. Come to Costa legs, make it. Yeah. But You know, I need you to get that passport snap to hit that global injury and come back from home. Okay. And that's what I need from my girl. So I can give you some love.


And I don't wanna come back. I don't wanna come back, You know. No bullshit. Why you playing? Find me some land out there because I see KLI out there buying a land. You know, I need, I need some garden space. Can I get some garden space that just looks at some ocean or maybe the mountain, I don't know, something, something Help me out. Okay. I need to know where I need to go to the land. Okay. Lex. I love it here. It's like I just have been, I'm just a queen here. I don't even have to look. I know that's right. I just press as you should and as you should. I just press one button and everything is taken care of, which you deserve and I'm happy for you.


And keep pushing that button because that's what we need. Okay. Thank you my love. Yes, I'm for it. I've been, I've been good. I have one more week here and then go to Paris for the concert. So I'm going to see Beyonce. How long on a flight is that? It's not, it's like six hours, but it, I leave like, yeah, that makes sense. It's a red off flight, so Yeah, that's perfect. Not better at all. Yeah, so I makes no sense. I'm back this way, You know what I'm saying? Exactly. So I just said send it my stay and I'll just leave from here to Paris and then I'll be back. Good, thanks. And then I'll be back and then, You know.


Yeah, I love, I love a long distance type of thing. Yes. I think that's a good thing. You know why it's a great thing? Because to be respectful of your household and their household, everyone in our stage of life has their own going on. You know that that's what we attract. Yeah. That's what we receive and what we give too. So respectfully, I don't want anybody coming here telling me, look, You know, I'm sorry, I'm gonna come up in here and change some stuff up. And I'm like, no, this is what I bring to the table. This is who I am and I respect you, you on your side because of that.


You know what I'm saying? And if you've established yourself somewhere else, that's where your essence is. That's where your vibe is, that's where your foundation is. That that's where your family is, that's where your work, your livelihood is. And we can, You know, I love that fact that it's like absence makes the heart grown fonder. So it just keep, keep me curious, You know what I mean? Yeah. So at the same point, you got your job, you got your lucky, your whole existence in a, a different city and whomever else, so do they. And so like, respectfully look, we'll see each other in passing, crossing and path. I feel like it's just more fun that way. It's so much fun. I love it here. I love it. I love it. I love it for you too.


But other than that, traveling, I have some exciting news. I'm about to lunch. My, my weighted blanket line, it'll be coming out soon. It's called Stillness Blanket. So a lot of people know I suffer from PTSD and anxiety. Anxiety. So my sleep pattern is just off. So without my weighted blanket, I don't sleep good. So I was like, I need to come out with my own line. And I know that swear and just, I, You know, just embrace it. So I put a little, a tweet out there and I told people, you would be amazed how many people sleep with weighted blankets, use weighted blankets to sleep athletes, children who suffer from anxiety, adults.


So I'm excited about that. I remember you telling me about that a little bit ago, and I'm just proud of you that it came to fruition and now it's, You know, a when you say, wait a ba blanket, is it, are we able to travel with it? You can. So I have, it's different sizes. I have a a 10, 10 pounds, 12 pounds and 15 pounds. But you can, because the, the case that mine come in, it comes with a little travel case, but it's perfect. It's not you, you can't take it on a, I don't Think you could take it on a plane 'cause it's a little heavy. But yeah, just take it as a long distance flights, You know what I mean?


A home away from home. You wanna snuggle, you wanna be comfortable, you want that nice hug from that weighted blanket, You know what I mean? Look at me. We we selling them already. You know what I'm saying? Yes. You know what I mean? Gonna get that, that. So I'm gonna send, I'm gonna send you a sample. I need you to sit out for me, let me know before You know I displayed. So I'm super excited. I got you. Other than that, let's get into it. Let's get into it. Our girl actually is not here today. She went to Vegas with her husband. They living their best life. I sent her a message. I was like, Ashley, you and Phil are starting to look alike now. Y'all been together too long.


She said that over time you start looking like you're significant other, especially if you grown up together, you start sounding alike, having those mannerisms and very much, You know, just a lot of similarities. So shout out to Phil and Ashley for 29. Yes. So we're gonna get into our cute first topic. Shout out our humble batty of the week. Go to our girl Coco Golf. She won the French open setting. The record. She just made history by winning the French open. But while we're celebrating, some folks out here are throwing shade. So we're gonna talk about why black women wins get minimized, and how Coco continues to rise with grace under pressure.


Did you see what her opponent had to say? I did. I'm a avid tennis spectator. I like to go to the Miami Open. I've been to the French Open and I've been to, I've been also in London as well. So like, I love tennis. I've always been a fan, obviously of Serena, Venus, Coco, just all, all of us in our essence, You know, it's one, one, especially being in Paris, in in France or whatever it is, a very bougie, snobby, You know, preppy sport. And You know, it's an adjustment. So one, the fact that we have a good system there showing up and showing out and really being professional.


But she's also young too, right? So I look at it like she is holding her own and I'm so proud of her now what her opponent said. I know she did backpedal and now say it was very much like she's apologizing, but she stood on, she was very emotional. She hair were wet, but she definitely was like, You know, blaming it on wind conditions and X, Y, Z. But when you are in a competitive sport such as tennis and say, You know, it's an outdoor sport and the fact that you are up against your opponent under the same conditions, it is not necessarily like you have an advantage. She has advantage now both of their, You know, this is a competitive sport outside.


So it is fair game and it is the competition at the end of the day. And the best person who is going to be the best competitor is gonna win. And Coco 100% did. And shame on her opponent for really not giving her her props and really, You know, pushing her forward. But I commend Coco on her response of just saying, You know, I know she's unbelievable. I know what it's like to compete, but You know, it is Coco sign. Let her thrive. Let her shine. And you go, girl. Exactly. I'm so proud of Coco. She's only 21 years old, already a champion, champion. Just 21. Just 21. Yay. She just carried herself with so much grace and confidence and you can't teach that.


That's like God given. So shout outs, Coco, I feel like, You know, she's also has some amazing mentors along the way too. Like I just reposted this little meme of her, like she went to the games when she was younger and then she's kind of behind Venus Williams. So the fact that there's a role models who always carry grace, who always for themself and who were to like be competitive, but don't take no shit. I feel like, You know, they put them on a pedestal and it's been, it's been amazing to witness and watch over these decades. So shout out to Coco, she's on her way and You know, she a humble batty. Yes.


My question, do we as a culture sometimes put too much expectations on a young black star? I do feel like we do sometimes just because I feel like it's rooted in history of just our, a struggle to, to have a name for ourselves and to be rooted in excellence. We are marking our territory in so many realms, whether it's sports, business, entertainment, all these realms. And we've always been the most underpaid. We've always been the most, You know, looked over. And so you have to look at it when you are on a stage like that. And especially in tennis, where it's you versus you.


It's your good day versus your bad day, whether you're going to opponent it or not. It's a mental game, it's a mental space and you have to be in your shape. So her discipline is awesome. I in a lot of, we have to be the best because, You know, athletically we are some of the best athletes and we are just very much intelligent. So it's a lot of pressure for us in general. And then especially now with the influx of popularity of women's sports, it's even more on a trajectory of now we're still getting, we're getting meals, we're getting paid, just how men are getting paid well is getting coverage and insurance and partners and spouses. And, You know, we're still in pride month.


So the fact that, You know, I look at the WNBA, for example, they have helped out with insurance and health coverage for partners and spouses of same sex. And it's pivotal in sports and in general. Just the fact that they are our opportunities. Fact, these ladies and gentlemen are, You know, in the forefront, yes, there is pressure, but we w with pressure produces diamonds. And just so You know, we are worth and every sport that we, we accomplish. So it is hard, You know, but at the same time we can handle it. That's true. I, I feel the same way. I feel like we expect them to be, I feel like we expect them to be perfect on the court in interviews with their image, everything, but they're still growing up in front of us, so we gotta give them space to, to be able to be a human.


Like we, we just put too much on them at the early age. And it's, it's, it's not right. I agree with you Shire, especially like, even our children, they're athletic. So like we see the pressure with parents now with kids that are in little league and look like 13, 12, 11 years old. You know, it's just, I think it's just a sports thing in general, pushing your kid or whether it's just being the best we are in America. I know for a fact that we are definitely the ones that are like land of opportunity. We're very sports driven. We're very much like competitive and You know, it, it can get outta hand. So I agree with you.


Yes. Why do people struggle to give black women full credit? Because I felt like during, You know, when her opponent, You know, said what she said, it was all excuses. Instead of saying, You know, a win is a win. Congratulate her. You were making every excuse, you said she didn't play her best, but she beat you. Why is it so hard and so much a struggle to give black women full credit? We, we are just because we, we, I think Malcolm X said it best when we are the most underrepresented and also disrespected people on earth, You know, as the black female, yet we are the, we have the most homes that we've owned.


We're the most educated and we also are some of the most spending marketing dollars as well as being entrepreneurs. So at the end of the day, to me it's always gonna, the cream always rises to the top. So we are a force. I mean, I look at Oprah Winfrey and Oprah Winfrey, for example. I saw the Forbes list of self-made female billionaires, and she is up there. And so kudos to her for really, You know, exemplar, exemplifying what it it means to be in your essence of who we are. And, You know, shout out to all of our CEOs and our boss women and our Humble Baddies across the globe.


You know, we are forced to reckon with, and I'm a proud black woman. I know you are too. And, and, You know, we are just sitting in our essence of, of, of our queen. You know, as you said earlier, you're a queen. And that's real. And the fact that we have to be reminded of who we are. We know who we are, but like, we don't get it. You know, it comes from a struggle of having to birth, You know, slave owners, children, and, You know, be like the first OBGYNs. And then it takes then we, if we were lactating, then we're also breastfeeding and we're nursing, we're caring for, and then we're also taking care of men that are from war. We were the first nurses and we were the first every everything that you could imagine.


So, You know, it, it, it is our time to shine and, You know, we, we wanna have it the hardest because we are that essence. We birth tribes and the, and it is real. And I also feel like we make everything look too easy. We make everything look too easy. So when you walk in a room with confidence, there's always gonna be somebody who needs to downplay your shine to make themselves feel better. So it's like no matter what, it's, we're always gonna get some type of something, some type of hate hateration, some type of noise. Exactly. But I feel like exception to the norm, right?


Yes. I feel like she handled it with grace. She did what she needed to do, how she responded. That's my next thing. I feel like she response, You know, people, people were, were looking for her to, to respond, but I feel like she shouldn't have, her response was winning. That's the biggest flex. Yeah. So she didn't even have to address the shade, her success talk. Yeah, I agree. Very professional. And you're right. Her win was, was all that needs to be talked, talked about. And, and low key silence is very powerful too. You know what I mean? She didn't have to address her because it is her time. It is her time to shine. And it was not about the, the opponent that did not win.


So kudos for Coco for, You know, standing in this showing up being a better competitor, winning, taking home that prize, showing out. She wrote, she manifest this too. She showed in her one of her posts that she was like, I will win. I will win. So she's showing the power of manifestation too, and working hard. So yeah, I I'm with you with that sherelle. Exactly. My question to you, Lex. I know I've experienced it. Have you ever experienced someone minimizing your win? Of course, every day. I feel like we we're in, not only in competition with others but ourselves. And unfortunately it'd be our own people.


You know what I mean? I just, it's tough at times, but at the same time that resilience is there and it's embedded in us. I look at it like I, I mean, we see it in friendships, we see it in partnerships, we see it in business. And, You know, it's just like, I, I mean, I had to deal with that a long time before I even got married. Oh, you just the baby mama or you just behind the scenes, or who are you anyway, and You know, it's, it comes a time when it is your time to shine. And we, and we would, and it's just about patience and really just stand the course and really just following your heart and your dreams and anything is possible.


That's true. I feel the same way. What about you? Yeah, I feel the same way all the time in business. Really in life, You know? Yeah. People love to say, oh, it's easy for you. They don't, but they don't understand. They don't see the grind behind the scenes. I've learned not to even engage in things like that because they don't know what we've been through. What, You know, how hard it is. We may, like I said before, we make it look so easy, but don't minimize what we've been through just because we make it look easy. Yeah. 'cause they, we, it's like an iceberg that's underneath the surface.


Okay. You only see just a little bit. All right. But there's so much going on underneath. We are very hands-on. We have our hands in so many different pots and we take care of so many people and we also want to bring others in too. So that's a lot of energy, a lot of, You know, just, You know, really just trying to be helpful at all. Times. Times. So yes. Speech, just like, hmm. A pretty face, a beautiful body. Oh, she's this, she's kept, she's this and that and whatever. Nah, there's actually a lot going on behind all this. I'm just, exactly. You know? Yeah. Yeah. So our advice to you all, Humble Baddies, they gonna talk whether you win or lose.


So you might as well keep winning. That's don't pay attention to the haters. Yeah. And the takeaway from this, don't explain your excellence to people committed to misunderstanding your shine. I know that's right. Thank you for that show Heard. Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay. One judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com. And we're back folks. It looks like Jim from sales just got in from his client lunch and he's gotten receipts. His Next meeting is in two minutes. The team is asking can he get through his expenses in that time?


He's Going for it. Is that his phone? He's snapping a pick. He's texting Ramp. Jim is fast, but this is unheard of. That's it. He's done it. It's unbelievable. On ramp expenses are faster than ever. Just submit them with a text. Switch Your business to ramp.com. Life insurers, put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours.


See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers. Let's get into it. The next one. So Brittany came out and Brittany Renter came out about her and Kevin Gates. So, You know, a couple of weeks ago she said that they got married. She was super excited, which I was shocked because my last thing I knew he was still married to Drake, but now she's talking about that. So let me read it. Brittany Renner and Kevin Gates took a fast ride down the aisle and even a fastest trip to divorce court we're un unpacking.


World win relationships, public love, spiritual healing, and weather following in her heart's always the be best move because she did state it, You know, she don't regret it. She followed her heart. Is there a such thing as moving too fast in love? My thing is, there's double-edged sword. One, I don't condone anybody moving on while you're in a situation, a marriage. I think that's a little tacky. But at the same time, I feel like when people are ready in their own way, two people do you, I mean, I don't know how Islam works as far as I know, I do know that you can have multiple wives.


So even if he is still married legally to Dika, he can have multiple unions and, and marriages as long as you take care of the wife, the of the wives, and the households, meaning the children and everything else. So I do have it, she did very vocally say she followed her heart and she did. And it was very much a public rendezvous. And the fact that, You know, and, and it's embarrassing, You know, at the same time that it was a quick union and then a quick divorce. But at the same time she stated the facts that in Islam it's a 90 day waiting paper.


When you do have a marriage, there's consensual acknowledgement of that. And then obviously you have to consummate the marriage so she could be with child, which in actuality he would have to care for in her and this child as well. So, and I love the fact that she mentioned that, You know, you still are not supposed to entertain. And other people used to try to reconcile. I thought that was pretty dope. But at the same time, we are here to have the human experience of love and failure. We're supposed to enjoy one another. We're supposed to live with amongst ourselves, and we're supposed to choose.


And everything in life we do is a lesson. Whether it's a lesson, a lesson, You know, they'll do better. So I feel I'm a lover, y'all know that already. I'm, I'm very much a lover and follow your heart, but there's ways of doing things. I do not condone cheating. I do not condone adultery. I do not condole, condone lying, none of that kind of stuff. So I was, I also say, You know, you lose them high, you get 'em too. So you don't know a lot of their history. I don't know personally, but at the same time she is vocal about their marriage and so they were in a partnership and here we are.


So, I don't know. I mean, this is a tough situation. It, it gets worse when if there's children involved than in other households and things like that. But You know what I mean? There's a lot of people who have, You know, married quickly and have, still are still together. I know a few couples actually that met one night stands or the first week got married quickly and they're still together. So it's all about timing too. And if you find your person, then find your person and, and th and ball out, because we only have one life to live. And it comes with controversy, obviously being public figures. So that's all I can speak on with it as far as that is concerned. What are your thoughts?


I, I mean, I respect, respect Brittany, for speaking her truth. But whew days, listen, that's not a marriage, that's a trial period. It ain't even a marriage. But as far as the benefits didn't even kick in yet. Benefits didn't even kick in yet. Yeah. What is it like three plus? Cute. It, it, it sounds cute, You know, following your heart or whatever, but your heart can want something your mind knows better about. So, correct. I mean love is beautiful and everything, but it has to be backed by wisdom at the end of the day. So just going off of following your heart, you, you have to think more.


It can be enough. It ain't enough. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Because it's like we, you get caught up in like the fairytale and that beautiful side of it. And then you look up, there's like, there's bills, there's households, there's emotions, there's nuances and things you're discovering about somebody and do I really wanna deal with and do I really like this person and oh, they snore or they were doing this, you really don't know somebody. It is that definitely why us leave once you start, man. It's a leap of faith though. It's a leap of faith. But like, look, we gonna decide to try to make this grow every day. Like, I gotta learn something about you every day. Yeah.


It could be that could be tough. Some people felt like it was, some people felt like it was true love and some people felt like it was clout. I think it was a little bit of, of both. I think it was a little bit of both. So, You know, 'cause social media amplifies everything. Once everything public figures link up, it adds pressure for you to move fast and short. We know because, You know, we we're both, You know, public figures, but I feel like, You know, it was pressured a lot due to them being publicly on social media a lot. Yeah. I mean, and you getting added people all up in your business too, at the end of the day, like, You know, it it does, it does almost ring a bell of, I know when you say cloud as a thing, but You know, sometimes you want your date to be at you too.


You know, somebody you wanna share these memories with. I mean, it kind of poses a question of do you really, You know, want your relationship to be public? You know, You know what I mean? Because you would never ever see me in a public relationship. Ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever. Forever. The only thing y'all will see is wood watch he wearing today. Whether it's the Rich Millie wearing one piece of AP period. That's funny. When he's the custom friends bracelet. You, you would never see me in a public relationship ever. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like the people in your circle know who you with.


You know what I'm saying? They know how you moving that is most important. It's an assumption because they will eat you up, spit you out, throw you away, regurgitate you and stomp on you. So they, we, You know, it's not a lot of love with people who don't wanna see you to be, wanna see you happy and everyone has opinion on your relationship being, I, I would prefer a private situation too. Like obviously if we're public figures and we get caught out by the paparazzi or You know, people with their phones out, that's a different story. But like at the end of the day, I like to be speculated about, I like to be keep that sense of privacy because Yes.


You know, once you walk, walk outside of these doors, you're basically, You know, you, you're for everyone. You know what I mean? And you do one the sacredness of a, of a partnership For sure. Definitely. I know I do. I know you do too. That's something we, we don't care about. Yeah. Yeah. Because peace hits different when people don't have access to your personal life. Some things are sacred and it feels, ooh, it feels good. That's a bar. I like that keep Yeah, it was, it was bar like, you gotta keep everything. And I learned that from pre, You know, previous, previous situations, previous relationships.


Like, it just, it feels so much better when you're just low-key about everything. You don't have to have let the world have access to everything. So they wanna ruin it. They're not looking for the best. They're not making sure you're happy and, and they don't know what's going on behind closed doors. You know what I mean? We have to deal with life, real life and blending and, and who are we and, and growing with somebody and getting to know them from a, from a healed space. So, yeah. No, that's true. So our advice for people who are, feel like they have to expose everything in these relationships, it has to be public.


Move smart, protect your peace, and remember real love, don't need an audience. Okay. Cheers to that. Cheers to that. Look, I got my water. I got that too. Our next thing, so I was on social media, Lex, and You know, a lot of us have been, have been witnesses to it. And I seen something and I was like, this is something good. And we, we did get some mail about this same situation, but it was talking about, You know, a 10 year girlfriend versus a six month wife. What like, what is it called? I forgot what they call it.


I don't dunno. It's a, it's a name tag. It's a name for someone who's been a girlfriend for a long time. The first person was practicing. Yeah. They was prepping him up. I forgot the name gonna hit back to me. But I was scrolling through social media and it was so many things about it, so many people talking about it. So we're talking about it may ruffle some feathers. 'cause a lot of people, even myself, have been in this situation. I can speak on it. When is a, a man ready to move? Like you, You know, you've been in a relationship for so many years, y'all break up, then he get in a new relationship and he ends up marrying this person and they only been together for six months.


Yeah. Wow. Low key. I look at it like this. I feel like when, You know, You know, so it's okay and then we don't, you don't know what people's motives are too. It could be very much like, I have a void to feel. I need to have somebody here or let me take a chance on love. You know what I mean? I feel like I don't wanna speak for you, but I know you, and we're very much open to our partnership, You know what I mean? I did. We're not like very much like, I'll never be this again. We still, even though we might have had, You know, ups and downs in past previous relationships, we still want to be loved and we still wanna give love and because we're nurturers.


And so with that being said, I feel like, especially from a male perspective, and I, I obviously I'm not a man, but just knowing guy friends, he knew when they were ready. And so they were like, regardless if I was with someone 10 to 11 years, I could have been ready, but I wasn't, You know what I mean? I wasn't where I was financially, I wasn't where I was emotionally, spiritually, whatever. So whoever happens to cross that path at that moment is gonna get that man in that space when he's ready to be that kind of husband or that kind of partner. I stand firm in that. And that goes with us too, as ladies. I know us. I'm speaking for you and I charell like, we're not gonna propose to a man.


You know what I mean? Like, we'll let, we'll let a guy do his manly duties and, and do that. So like I'm saying that to the point of that, You know what I mean? Like, I feel like when men are at a point where they're like, I'm ready to writer, I'm ready to be a caretaker. I'm willing to really be vulnerable and give my life to this woman. That could be any time. It could be really later on in life, I feel like, especially for our men. So I feel like it's just, it's about timing, You know? And when a man is ultimately ready for whatever, he's gonna do it. And he and everyone in the world, I can be like, don't do it. Reconsider. You know, like, don't do it.


But if that man has his mind set up and it is like, look, I'm just, this is why I'm gonna take my lead. Please go do it. That's true. I feel, I feel the same way. I feel like when a, a man is ready emotionally, financially, and mentally, he don't play no games. He knows what he wants and he moves accordingly. It just sucks. You know, some, some women get stuck in that situation where, You know, they, they're with this person, they go through everything with this person, even though this person cheats does everything. And then, You know, years have passed by and now they're ready to settle down and you gave up on the situation, now they found somebody. And there it's like, okay, I, I've done enough. You know, I'm like a great smile fan, You know what I mean?


I know what I'm capable of. I know what I also, You know, invested in too. And You know, there's obviously a reason why me and my person or whatever, I'm just speaking on myself didn't work out. And I wish you the best the next person. You know what I mean? I, I, I know it didn't work out with X, Y, and Z. So it's just in essence to me, I'm a firm believer in alignment and timing as well as being in both people need to be in the healed space of receiving and giving. So whenever it's your time, it's your time, You know, and be great. Do you think, like, do women be great? Do you feel like women feel played when they go through situations like this?


Like, You know, I've been with this person for seven and a half years, he left me and now he's with another woman, and now he already proposed six months in and they're getting married. Yeah. Do you feel like that's ego? Yeah, it's, yeah, I do. That's ego. That's, that's ego. You know, we all, we all were like, well, I put in this, I, I worked hard. I invested in this man for all from this woman to fit for my, for my, You know, whatever I put in. But at the end of the day, there's a reason why y'all not together. And that person's gonna have to figure that out on their own. It's their time. Get that.


So again, people are in your life who are reasoning for a season and you can't look at it. I know, I have learned that. I can't look at it like, You know, oh, what is my return on my investment? Nah, at the end of the day, it's, I don't regret shit because it, it is what it is. I was supposed to be in this person's life. We were supposed to have these times together and we were not supposed to continue this journey together. And that's okay. So when you get to a point of healing and, and not being triggered by like things, that relationship you have to remember, like, you prayed your way out of it, you cried your way out of it. You mentally healed your way out of a situation that was not for you.


So once we learn that and put ego aside, we realize that You know what, there's better out there. The grass is greener. And, and, and I'm a firm believer in that, You know, like I believe in karma. I believe in ollie things. So come when it happens. Okay? Clock. Okay. Okay. Look, I feel like the same thing. It's okay to feel heard. That's a, it's a natural feeling. It's, but as women, you, you shouldn't feel played. You were a chapter in his growth, so you should be happy about that. You taught him things he probably couldn't receive at the time. So just know that it was, You know, it was a chapter, it had to end.


But like you said, it's a new chapter that's real. And the chapter gets better and better once you continue. Come on book. So, and ladies, they don't forget. Right? Sharelle, they not gonna forget. They don't forget. You done left your mark, okay? At the end of the day, left your mark. Look, you done highlighted every page that highlight on them words. Okay? They can't do it like you. I always remember that. Nope, no, no, no. All facts. It's, it's crazy.


All facts. Let's see, let's see. Love. It is bitter. Stopping women from healing is what? Bitterness, bitterness me. I feel like, I feel like bitterness do keep you stuck. You don't heal by holding on to anger. You heal by releasing and understanding that what's for you. It's like you said before, it's, it's still ahead. The grass, You know, there's always greener grass on the other side. So continuing to hold on to something and continuing to be bitter about something, you, you only stopping yourself. So, You know, forgive, get over it.


Let it go and continue on. You don't know what's on that other side. Boo boo. Let it go. Yeah, You know, I agree with this Sharelle, we just get in our own way because we are, we, we nurturers and we pour into our significant other. We also pour into our children and that becomes attractive. We pour into our households and our family, we pour into our jobs, our work, You know, all these passions. So we are passionate people. So when you get to know us, you're like, oh no, let me see. And it's not for everyone to handle because we cannot, we cannot change who we are. Oh, we, the stress that we have gone through so many things to the point where, where we are now, can nobody penetrate that unless we allow it.


You know what I mean? So like, that comes with the territory, You know, like we, we are also fun. So you gonna get everything we gonna get, you gonna get it, it all, you gonna get fitness, we going, we going to cater to you. You gonna get all that. And everyone who deals with a space for to receive that, that's not for everyone to get, You know what I mean? Like, it's a privilege. And that's how I'm moving and that's how we move. We move, like, You know, it's a privilege to be in my space. It's a privilege to be in my aura and for me to pour into you and give you my time because it's precious, You know? Yes. And it is, it is a sense of bitterness, You know, because you're just, it's almost disappointment. But again, that's that human nature in us and human experience in us of like, You know, I didn't, I didn't put all the, all this work in, I didn't really see the fruits of our labor.


But what we didn't realize is the growth in ourselves. We were not supposed to be with that person long term. And we have given, You know, I know I'm guilty of it. I I give wife everywhere, You know what I mean? I wanna, I wanna take care of you. I wanna make sure you good. I want you to be happy. I want you fit in so many ways. But at the same time, You know, at what cost is that for me in my integrity, in my essence of Alexis. You know what I mean? Like, I, I can't falter that, You know, I don't wanna, I don't wanna hinder my, my health and my time for someone who's not reciprocating it and receiving it properly. It's just a growth period for that bitterness energy because we get upset.


Again, we're human and that's ego, You know? But it also comes from healing and therapy and talking to people who are like-minded and very much on a healthy, healthy journey of not being miserable. Because misery loves company too. And if you had a space where You know you're down and you're at a low pivotal point, dump it off of that. And they're giving you negative energy and negative, You know, commentary and, and just very much not happy for you. So it's this journey. It's a lesson. And we're supposed to learn this is it one time at this, it's not gonna be perfect. And we have to take our hands off and try to, You know, navigate things on our own.


'cause it's not about us. That's, that's, that's so true. I agree with you. Yeah, I agree with you. And then, You know, I feel like a lot of women, You know, a lot of people, not just women, they, they want closure. But you have to understand closure don't come with the conversation. Sometimes it comes when you stop replaying the story. So sometimes you just gotta let it go. Close that book, move on. Yes. And again, power in silence. I mean, that is closure in itself. You know why, why send the long paragraphs and they then you, now your text is turning green, You know, again, you were disrespected then.


So what makes you Think you not gonna be disrespected? Now if you didn't have closure, then what you Think you gonna do now? You have to let people land. You have to let them be who they are and receive it. You know what I mean? Like it is what it is. I have learned. You cannot expect me outta you. It just is what it is. Let people land, let them be themselves and You know better. So you do better. That's it. You know better. You do better. Okay. Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks. And nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts.


Also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member FDIC. Summer's here. And it's officially the season of wellness. For me, that means feeling energized, focused, and confident. And SymbioticA has become a key part of my routine. I take their magnesium L three innate and liposomal glutathione every morning. It's an easy ritual that gives me sustained energy and focus all day long. Every formula is science backed and highly absorbable. So I know I'm actually getting what my body needs. Go to symbiotica.com and use code iHeart to get 20% off your order. That's symbiotica.com and code iHeart for 20% off.


Today At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a car. It's the two door coop that was there for your first drive, the hatchback that took you cross country and back. And the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without. Trust Amica Auto Insurance. Amica Empathy is our best policy. Life insurers put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing.


The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@aci.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers. Alright, Let's get into it. Our back, our next segment is our humble batty questions. We received some new questions. So our first one, what's one personal win you've had recently that you feel like people don't fully understand or acknowledge?


A personal win. I would say a couple things. One, the journey of leaving a public relationship and still standing on my feet as well as holding down a household, raising children. Now I have two graduates in, in my household. My children are very well versed. They're good kids, good human. So I find motherhood in general, we never get, You know, accolades for one. And then two, balancing life, You know, You know, jobs and income and work and really just continuing to, You know, take care of our family.


That is another thing. And then even just like, You know, we have been put just, I'm gonna say this for just a minute, general, we have been put on a time clock. Like, if you're not this age and you don't have this, then you would fail. You know? So that is a different pressure too. Like I feel like if you don't have kids at this age, then you just won't have 'em at all. Or if you haven't been married at this age, then You know you're never gonna get married. That is just like, You know, the stigma and the pressure. That's society, especially in our communities too. It's also our families. You know, like where, where are my grandkids? Where are my grandkids? You know, let's take it so long where your man at all these pressures, it, it causes rushing and really you not making the right decisions.


You know? So, I don't know, just kind of, I think one of, one of my biggest, and I agree with you, Lex, and this one, I honestly, I learned it from you. It is my biggest win is protecting my peace. And before ICI felt I couldn't say that, You know, people see your bus, they see your business, they see the podcast, they see the success, but they, they don't see the internal work that it takes to stay grounded, especially when you got a lot of eyes on you. So I've learned to say no, I've learned to set boundaries, yes. And I to let everyone have access to me. So that's like a big win for me.


And do you like really do what makes you happy? If it's travel, if it's spa, if it's walking, if it's running, if it's exercising, whatever it is, you got to choose use because, You know, we've talked about this too. If this is not healthy and you not healthy, then all this gonna fall apart. Everything. It's so many people that depend on us, You know what I mean? In a beautiful way. People that we, we pour into. So like, if I'm not right, the top of that pillar is not right, then all of this gonna crumble. You know? It is. That's just facts. So you gotta protect your piece that all the time.


'cause you work so hard to habits and so you need to work even harder to keep it. That's true. Yeah. Our next question, have you ever stayed too long in a relationship or situation because you thought they'll eventually get it together? What made you finally leave or stay? Ooh, I can answer this. Yeah, no, no. I'm curious to what you're gonna say. I feel like, You know, absolutely to this question, I've stayed too long. Thinking love could change somebody. We all be in that situation, You know? Oh, You know, maybe he'll change if I'm with them, if I can teach them or they eventually they would catch up to where I was mentally or emotionally.


But the truth is, you can't carry someone into readiness. That's just the truth. Oh, you can't, you can't. So I finally left when I realized I was losing pieces of myself. I couldn't say like, I had to get it together trying to hold on to something and I'm losing myself. It wasn't right. So the breaking point for, for me was choosing myself. I feel like we are all guilty in staying in that job too long in that that family reunion too long and in their relationship too long.


Again, it comes with growth of who we are and what we're trying to become. Yeah. It's just, again, humans on this experience and really learning to love again. And so I feel like we have done an exceptional job of understanding our worst. It goes down to that too. And understanding tolerance too, because, You know, it gets, we get blinded in trying to nurture others and trying to fix and trying to heal. But when you look back and you're giving advice to other people, would you receive that same as make that in return? Would you, would you, I always love, I always put my daughters in in their, in my shoes. I'm like, would I want a man to, or a young, a fella to be treating them this way?


Absolutely not. And my sons do. Am I teaching them to treat young ladies this way? Absolutely not. So I have to look at myself and be like, yeah, I'm the one that's leading by example. So if I am gonna tolerate, tolerate X, Y, and Z, then my kids are watching me and I'm stopping these generational curses. I'm stopping this generational trauma. So it starts and ends with me. And we have to acknowledge when there's an expiration date. And it's okay. Like, I actually learned to be okay with being from Asia 19 to, even in my thirties, I was in a partnership with somebody leans on them, You know, expected X, Y, and Z from them.


And so the the point where I'm really just have gotten to a space of learning who Alexis is and what I tolerate in my piece piece is non-negotiable at this point. And what you see is what you get that part. And I, okay in hindsight that, yeah, I'm actually okay in that in hindsight that if this doesn't work out, I'm okay with it because whoever enters my life at this space is for a reason. Whatever that capacity is. It could be a partnership, it could be a friendship, it could be business, it could be insight, it can be consultation, it can be a lesson, it could be the success of, You know what, yeah.


You know, I had a good time with this person. They really took the joy in my life and made and elevated me and showed me, You know, it's cool to be friends, it's cool to be this, it's cool to pour into somebody and be vulnerable. And I hope, I think the whole point of loving somebody is that you gotta keep loving them over and over again. And so you, we have to understand that there's an expiration date for everything. Just, You know, the FDA puts a label and expiration date on food, it's gonna go sour. So you either, you have, we have to do better at recognizing that, You know, like people are in your life for a season and for a reason. And some gonna make it, You know, if they're that part of a twig or that that that branch part of the, You know, or, or even a root, You know, some I'm gonna get in there.


Is it hurtful? Yeah, but I don't look at it as a waste of time. I don't look at it as a waste of energy. I don't look at it as a waste of life because it's really shaping me of who I am. You know, you are not gonna get along with everybody. It's just that's facts. That's true. Just facts. That's true. Lex, our next question is, what's something you hear from that you didn't Think you would, how did you get through it? My my, my first thing is divorce. You know, you don't go into a marriage thinking you are gonna be divorced. That, that's just golden. I didn't think I was gonna get through it. Just the heartbreak, the heartache, the, You know, this newfound independent and, and really taking care of my children as a single mother.


That is something I didn't think I could get over. But here I am five years later and thriving. I'm doing, I'm following my dreams. I figured out that I have the time now to follow my heart. And so all things happen for a reason. And actually, I'm the healthiest I've ever been. I am the most skin blowing, skin is the best it's ever been mentally. I'm more focused. I know exactly what I want, and I'm at a place of filter, not bullshit. So I'm very grateful for that journey, You know what I mean? Now, if you would've told me this day, one post, I would've been like, my life is over. I this I takes time and healing.


Therapy trips. Yeah. Come on now. All of that. And because we're, we're, it is trauma, it's triggers, You know, we're coming from, You know, really grieving. We're in a grieving periods. And so like, we have to give our ourself grace. And I think that was the main thing that I learned. I mean, I've had, I've had this conversation with you too, Sherell, like, we have to give ourselves grace. Like we are so much these women that are like, it has to be like this. It should be like this and it looks like this. That's not, that's not possible. We gotta give ourself time. We have to give ourself hiccups. We gotta give ourselves grace. We gotta give ourselves madness and crying time. And in times where we just shut shit down, shut down or turn off the phone.


Don't wanna be bothered. All of that. You know what I'm saying? And, and I can only speak for myself because it's like, I know what I needed to, for me to, to be this Alexis, You know? What about, what about yourself? And it took time and it's still taking time. It's a process. It does. I feel the same thing. You know, it, my biggest thing, You know, the divorce through friends and everything. My biggest thing is it's portrayal. You know, I never thought I would fully heal being, being let down by people who were so close to me, who I loved and trusted. But the main thing that really got me through everything was, of course, like you said, therapy, prayer, tr traveling and just learning how to forgive people without needing a neology.


That's it. That's the biggest thing. So you, some just forgive. You don't need a apology on everything. I had to release the weight of hearing other, other people choices. Like that was the main thing. Healing, initial choice you have to make. So me, I just, I had to fix myself and, and understand who I am. Let it go. Move on. And it's still a work in progress. Wouldn't you agree? Like every day. Aren't you learning stuff about yourself? Oh, I know. I'm, yes. Every day I'm like, yeah, every day. You know, I'm, You know, in that dating stage, for example, I'm like, mm, yeah, no, that turned me off. Moving on. Or whatever the case may be. Or speaking up more and having boundaries and just these non-negotiables.


Yeah. I'm with you. I'm with you. Sharelle. Yes. I'm proud of you too. Because I've seen the growth and You know, it's takes time, You know, and you are very, you are very hard on yourself, You know what I mean? I'm so hard on myself. Yeah. You are so hard on yourself and it's no time limit. You cannot put time on healing like you really cannot. True. And You know, you gotta push forward. And so I'm proud of you. You've done a, a great job. Thank you my love. Thank you. You're welcome. Our next one, we got our Humble Baddies mail. And I'm proud of you too, Lex. You, you, You know, I get my motivation. You may not know it, thank you. But I love being around you. I love being around you ladies, because y'all teach.


Y'all may not know it, but y'all teach so much. You know, just by your actions, how you carry yourself as a woman, how you speak. Thank you. Like, it's just, it's, it's beautiful to be able to call you my friend and have someone like you and Ashley around because you learned so much without even knowing that you Yes, absolutely. So I'm truly grateful to have you all listen. Thank you for that. Same here. I know. Shout out to Ashley in her absence and Porsche too, You know? Yeah. And I know just came through a couple times and just like everyone that we touched, so I received that. Thank you so much for that. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. Alright, let's get into it. We have our Humble Baddies mail.


I've got you, boo. You ready for me? Yes, I'm ready for you. Okay, boo. Dear Humble Baddies. That's us. I need y'all to keep it real with me. I was with my ex for nine years. We lived together, built multiple businesses together, and I supported him through every job changes, family drama. Even his health scares every time I rock up marriage, he said, he is not ready, or he needs more time to be stable. We finally broke up. Eight months later, he's engaged to a girl he met after me. I feel like I invested all my best years into building him up for someone else to, I blocked him on everything because seeing his new life hurts.


But a part of me still wants to confront him and ask, why not me? Am I wrong for fulfilling, bitter? Should I get my closure or just focus on healing? Love? You all love y'all's podcast. Stacy from Chicago. What's up, Stacy? From Hey Stacy. Damn, that's hurt. That's a, a sad situation, but I feel like everything you're feeling, Stacy is a hundred percent valid. You love them, you built with them, you sacrificed for him, and now you watching him give everything that y'all built together to someone else, something that you prayed for. It's not just a heartbreak, but I feel like it's a betrayal mix with confusion.


So it's, it's, it's hard. It's, it's very hard. But you can't force them. You gotta understand, Stacy, you can't force someone to be ready for you if you aren't ready for it. If they're not ready for themselves. So it's, it's one of those things like we, we spoke about earlier. You just, You know, heal, get over it and move on. Yeah. And it's a lesson in itself. And don't feel like, don't, I feel like we, again, we're hard on ourselves and I, you cannot regret anything that you poured into this person. 'cause that's who you are. Stacey. You are that giver. You, you helped him in X, Y, z. Y'all built these businesses. You were supposed to be in his life for that reason.


And he was supposed to be in your life for that reason. Now, moving forward, you cannot bring this being to the next, You know, that is your ex for a reason. Again, it, it was not meant to be. And now you are meant to be for someone else, or you're meant to be in this space of being by yourself. And that's okay. You have to get to a space of understanding who you are and your essence and your worth, and that right person, You know, especially because I feel like we, you're in a, a reciprocated energy and reflection. So like what I'm reflecting to you is what you're gonna attract. So if you're like sad and hurt, you're gonna attract somebody that's gonna take advantage of that, right?


But if you are graceful and you are happy and you're just open, you are gonna receive somebody that's open as well. So I, You know, my suggestion is for you to like, I'm glad you become your mental health. That's fine. Do what is best for you. But at the same time, start focusing on yourself. You gonna, and go out with your friends. Go out and turn up and, and have a good time because that's where you gonna meet somebody. And You know, your time will come. And now you just are more equipped. You have experience now of what you want and what you don't want. And you gotta understand, Stacy, as far as closure, you already have it. He showed you who he was. Going back for answers.


Definitely ain't gonna heal it. Heal it. All it's gonna do is just open up more wounds. So just heal. Si silence and glow. Girl, glow in the public. That's real. Lex. Go out, have fun, enjoy life. You got this girl. And that's, that's than send than said, than done. But it does come from time. Time heals all wounds. It really does. That's true. That's true. All right guys, that is it for the Humble Baddies. Another one in the book. Y'all. We about to call it a night. We about to wrap it up. Oh shit, y'all lost me.


Y'all can't see me. I lost you, but I can hear you. Where'd you go? Where's Shire? Listen, I'm gonna beat Sonny behind because Sony behind because there you are. You're back. Oh, now you're gone. But we're at the end anyway. So where can they find you? Shire? There you go. You can find me at Sharelle on Instagram. Make sure you follow our podcast on Instagram, Humble Baddies podcast. And follow us, subscribe to us. Tell your cousins, your baby daddy, your mistress, your whoever he is, whoever she is. To follow us. Subscribe to us at Humble Baddies podcast. On YouTube. On YouTube, yeah. So you can find me at Alexis on Instagram.


And shout out to, there was a few ladies that came through at Smith and Wester over the weekend that watch our show. So shout out to them. I know y'all watching. They were like, we're fans. Humble Baddies. I was like, thank you so much. Shout out to y'all. And they definitely watched the show too. So thank you for watching and have a good night. And if you have anything you wanna reach out to us, hit us up at contact@humblebabies.com. Until next time, we'll see y'all on Wednesday. Hey, Life insurers, put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing.


The paycheck that puts Pizza Night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers. It's summer time to enjoy long days, lazy nights, and great food because Uber Eats has deals all summer long. So when hunger strikes, don't sweat it. Delicious deals are just a tap away on Uber Eats. Enjoy all your favorite grocery items delivered straight to you. Get ice cream, soda, and snacks from your favorite stores like Wegmans and CVS and make the most of every moment.


Now that sounds like a good summer. Order now on Uber Eats terms apply product availability varies by regions. Yeah, for details, Experience Vibrance Senior Living with award-winning services at BrightView, senior Living Communities at BrightView, our residents enjoy resort style amenities, daily programs, exciting social and cultural events, and delicious chef prepared meals. But that's not all BrightView. Residents also enjoy complimentary transportation, safety, security, and high quality care if needed. BrightView Senior Living Communities. Learn more about the possibilities@brightviewseniorliving.com. Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy.


Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracks also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC. This is an iHeart podcast.