
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightway. He try to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, we've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


Tom Brady. Would you Brady? How's Brady? Brady's Probably Hell yes. Oh, You to, lemme finish the question TI know Exactly. Hey, when you said Tom Brady, I knew what y'all said. Let me see what he gonna say. And then you gotta talk about Odie is, I don't care All my life. Grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the bro of dice, the swat. All my life I been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice, D. All my life. I grinding all my life.


Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprietor of Club Shehe. The guy that's stopping by for conversation on a drink today is one of the NFL best receiver. He's displayed generational talents and his ability leading the leaving and receiving touchdowns twice. He's the three time first team all pro, a six time pro bowler hall of Fame level talent once recorded, 24 touchdown in a single college season. Fresno State thought so much of him, they retired as number 15 a superstar. Davante Adams. Appreciate you having me, bro. That's up, bro. Appreciate you. Good. I'm great, man. Hey, you know what, bro, after what you've done your first 10 years in the league six Pro Bowls three first team all pro leading the league in touchdown, bro, we got, we gotta toast a Bit.


We going Toast man. And. we were talking off camera earlier. You're not done yet. I'm not done, man. We Got continue success, bro. Thank you, bro.


This is my personal cognac sha by La Poitier. VSOP. Lemme know what you think. Alright, that's, that's some good stuff right there. I'm not a big drinker. Right? This right here is some good stuff. That's What I'm talking y you heard It. I'm not gonna lie because I, I seen, I seen you talk about Henny and this and that. I'm not gonna lie to you, I don't like Hennessy at all. We bust we, we don't talk, we don't talk bad about the competition, but we feel good with what we got. But This, this right here is, that's, that's him. I appreciate that. That's Him. I thought I thought E 40, my, my uncle E 40. He sent me some, some of that Tycoon. Tycoon. I don't know if you had that. That's pretty good. Yeah, but this, this, they, y'all, y'all right here with it, so, Okay. I appreciate that. So y'all heard, go out and get you a bottle of that shade by Fourt eight BSOP best tasting BSOP on the market.


You know what? Thank you. Let's get right into it. Enter into your 11th season. The first 10, bro, six pro bowls, three first team all pro led the league in receiving. But you've heard some of the critics Davante. Yeah. He had a hundred catches his fourth straight hundred catch season. Yeah. Another thousand yard season. Ah, you know, the separation is not what it used to be. Yards per catch is not what they used to be. Yeah, man. Devonte's starting to slow down. How do you answer your critics? I just, I don't, I honestly, I don't answer 'em. I don't, I don't give a answer because I don't play for the, the reason why people ask me what I attribute a lot of my success to. And it's, it's two main things. It's the fact that I keep my life real simple, real predictable to things that I'm into.


I don't got a million hobbies. I don't let my mind get all over the place. I got a few things I do business wise, you know, and, and I enjoy doing that. But for the most part, I just keep it real simple. And the other part is I'm a I'm a self pleaser man. I'm not, I'm not really worried about my, my own expectation far exceeds what anybody else expects of me on the field. So when they say that, I'm already thinking that about myself, about not the, the separation and the, and the, the details and things like that. But, you know, as far as what I have and what I can give to the game, if I'm not able to show that I'm extreme and you, you ask any of my teammates, coaches that I've had, I'm a real passionate dude. So yeah, they, you know, they talk about this and that. You, I always tell them, man, don't, don't tell me we got a whole lot of season left after two bad weeks or two lackluster weeks on offense or you know, 'cause it's not just about me.


It's not just my show. I'm not expecting to get out there and be the only one making plays and you know, this and that. But if I'm out there And, we can't get it going on offense, and I'm not giving, you know, being given my opportunities or the right type of opportunities, well then I have something to say about that. Right. Because if one day is, I'm not gonna be the at the top of my game, but that ain't two day, You know what I'm Saying? So, so it's gonna be like that one day. Right. But, but if, if it ain't me then, then I look, I can't have nothing else hindering my ability to affect each and every game and, and each and every snap that I get out there. So that's my mentality. So whatever anybody gotta say that really got nothing to do with me, they, that's their job. They supposed to go ahead and, and do that hate or comment on it or whatever it is.


But you know, the, the, the truth is in is in a film too. So if you watch the film and you're not just looking at the numbers all the time, right. Which I mean, we talking about it, I had a, you know, still 1200 over a hundred catches and, and you know, and that was a down year. So eight touchdowns. If that's, if that's a down year, then, you know, I feel like we, we gonna be all right. How much eval do you do from week to week, year to year? Do you go back, say you play a game, do you watch yourself critique yourself during the year? Or do you wait to do an entire body of work after the season where you go back game by game, route by route and break yourself down? Or do you do it week to week, Day by day. Wow. Day by day. I'm, you ask anybody, like you talk about the consistency over the course of, you know, 10, you know, maybe the first few years wasn't what, what we wanted it to be.


But then once, once I got rolling, it's, it's just because of the way that I prepared man. And the way that I critique myself. What I expect from myself is, like I said, it's, it is, I expect a lot. You know, I, I know what I can provide. So, you know, I may go out there and lead the league in touchdowns. I still feel like that wasn't enough because what do, what you doing on the field got to do with me. Just 'cause I led the league don't mean that I did my best. Oh, okay. You know what I mean? Yes. I can go out there and, and have, you know, 150 yards and really it could have been a 200 and, you know, 20 yard game. So we can talk about it. Like, it's good when you look at the stats, but that's why I'd say the stats don't always tell the story. You could sit here and look at it and say one 50 and that look like you talk, come out of a game, say, okay, good game take. And I'm like, okay, I appreciate it.


I'm, I'm always acknowledge the love, but at the end of the day, if I'm not able to maximize what I can do, it ain't got nothing to do with a hundred who decided that a hundred yards is a good game. Yeah. Right. I Didn't. Right. You know what I'm saying? So for me it's maximizing every, every opportunity and, and, and every moment that I got in this league, 'cause like we was just talking about, it's gonna be gone for, you know, you know, and I'm going in 11 people were like, damn, this 11 for you. I'm like, bro, like you, You went by quick the first 10 quick. Right. So I, and then I don't know if it's gonna be another 10, but, but, but we ain't done yet. Tell you what I used to do. Like when I played, I would go leave a game kinda like what you said have 150. And I was like, damn. But those two drops, that's probably another 10 15 right there.


Now I got 1 65. Okay. If I come outta this, if I'd have just did this, I could have broke that tackle, probably got another 15. Right. Do you constantly, like, it's never good. You know, you're, you're, you are satisfied, but you're not, but you're not satisfied. Yeah, no, I know exactly what you're saying. And it's, it's a tough game to play because you'll drive yourself crazy doing that. You will. But the, the other side of it is that I don't mind being a little crazy if it mean that I'm, I'm demanding what I should for myself regardless. Right. You know, and if, if you a lesser player, your mind won't even take you there. 'cause you don't have that expectation for yourself. But when you know what you can give to the game and help your team with, for me, I've been in this league for a minute now and I still haven't been to a Super Bowl.


Right. So I feel like cool, you could say that I had a great career, this and that, but I haven't been able to affect the game enough to win a Super Bowl yet. So I feel like that must mean that I'm not doing as much as what I can Right. Or as much as what I need to, you know, even so that's the way I look at it. Like, sometimes it may be a good day and sometimes you do have those games where you say, look, I had, you know, 14 targets, 13 catches and that one was way behind me and I couldn't do nothing about that. Right. But every time I caught the ball, I got busy and, and I made the dude tackle. I didn't get tackled, I made tackle me. You know what I'm saying? So it's days like that. But if you really thinking about the game the right way, And, if you hard enough on yourself, you should have a lot of moments where you say, I left something out there one way or the other. When I look at the talented receiver pool that we have now, it's as good as far as depth wise.


Yeah. As we've had at any point in time. I look at yourself, Justin, Jefferson, reek digs, aj, cd, chase, St. Brown, cup Davante, DKD, Deebo, McClure, Jalen Waddle, Keenan, Allen P and Kuah. Yeah. When people talk about receivers, Davante, Adams is still in that list. Are you as high as you want to be? Or when you evaluate, when the people start talking about receivers, you like, hey, you know, 17 still here now. Well, this, this the reality man. The, and it's funny 'cause I was just talking to my cousin about this, this league is in, in just the, and when I say the league, I mean the, the NFL culture. So the fans, the, the, some of the players, you know, they just, they want, they want to crown a new king every year, every year.


You know what I'm saying? And the, and the reality is they haven't been able to do that for a real long time. Right. And so, so as soon as you see a little chink in the armor, you know, as far as, you know, i, I come, I come to the Raiders, And, we not able to keep it rolling and go to the NFC championship after the NFC championship. Like how I did in Green Bay with Aaron. And you know, we had, we had what we had there, and then they want to compare it and, and this and that. But I say, look man, I like if you watch the tape, I'm not a different player whatsoever. I'm still, I, I believe I'm still getting better. So sometime the circumstances doesn't allow you to express that. Totally. And I tru I truly believe, and I'm not, that's why I say I'm not gonna hate on you for hating on me. Because if you wanna say you the best, you gotta play like the best.


Right. You can't, you can't just say that. So at the end of the day, but You gotta do it over a period of time, you gotta do it. You just can't have one good year. You can't a couple good games. Correct. But the, the, the, the good part about it and, and why I love this league is that now you are getting some dudes, that's some young dudes coming in, going crazy like JJ and, and doing it consistently where, you know, his first year we say all bro, you a rookie, like whatever. Like sure you, you, you balled out and it, and it looked good. But we'll see second year it's like all he coming around, we gonna see. And then third year he do it again. You like, all right man. Alright. He might be the real deal. Yeah, we do got some dudes that's like that. Yeah. Chase. And, and you know, puka is a, is another one that came on the scene and And, we gonna see what he continue to do and I believe that it's going to continue to happen.


So I'm always rooting for these guys. Right. I never sit here and watch and be like, drop that, drop that. Like, I want, I wanna see you do it because at the end of the day, like I said, I'm not judging how my season went based off how you played. I'm judging it off what I did. Right. That's just like, if you come in and you know, you, if everybody just competing and, and like what they think the NFL is like, I'm sitting here, I'm gonna line up and I ain't gonna tell the young buck to call. Like that's hurting me. Right. I need him to know the call. Right. I need him to know what to do because we gotta all, I want him to ball out that way it's gonna make it easier on me. Right. You know, and that may, it may not make it easier on me when somebody on another team does, but as a, as a fan of the sport and, and the wide out position, I still love, I'm, that's why I watch the games. I wanna see those big plays. I wanna see all my favorite white outs going ball out and I know I'm gonna do the same.


So, you know, hopefully we all just keep battling at the top. I don't want it to be where I got, you know, 1900 yards and then everybody else sitting at 11. Like I wanted, I wanted to, you know, I I wanted to, you Wanna be pushed, I wanna be pushed, I want, you know, I want to continue to have the my peers and the guys that I see and I get to work with and, and, and I'm cheering for, I wanna see them going ball. And then that, that makes me say, okay, well then now I gotta go. Do you know, even better than that year after year. And I've done that and, and I think some guys haven't gotten to that point where they've solidified that. But like I said, they just want to crown somebody else. So not that certain people are not worthy of, of high praise, but like, like you said, I'm, I'm still here. You were in Green Bay for eight years.


You had Aaron Rogers a generational talent four times. He was an MVP And. we know what he represents. How hard was it for you to leave that? Because the likelihood of you going somewhere and finding that elsewhere Yeah. Is not especially the relationship that you guys have built, this is over a period of time y'all didn't develop this over one year No. Or two training camps? No, no. This is year after year after conversation, after conversation, game after game. Yeah. How hard was it for you to leave Green Bay and go to another situation even though you was joining your ex-college teammate? It Was difficult, man. And, and honestly I could be, I could be real and tell you that I knew it was gonna be hard, but it was, it was a lot harder than what I even imagined.


'cause you know, it, it kind of felt like you, you know, you everybody been in a situation where you got a, your girlfriend, whether it's middle school, high school, college, whatever. And you know, it's not a good this, this ain't, this ain't what it need to be. And that wasn't based off our relationship, that's not what I'm equating it to. I'm saying more of the, the picture of the Green Bay situation at that time. Right. And I felt like that wasn't necessarily what was best for me at that, at that moment. Especially with Aaron's, you know, his future in Green, Bay kind of being up in the air the way he was and him ultimately leaving. I didn't want to be there. And you know, in hindsight, obviously Jordan loved balling out. Yeah. You know, it would've been great to do that. But I'm the type of guy, once I make a decision, I I, I live with it. I, you know, I drive yourself crazy. You sit here and and be worried about, did I do that?


Oh, I wish I would've did this and did that. Like you can't live life like that. Man. Ain't no rewind button. So you gotta make decisions and live with it. But it was definitely difficult, man. It is, you know, it is a dear friend of mine that it's, it's tough to just not even be able to see somebody that you're used to seeing for eight years every day. And, you know, having that go to where you can only see each other every few, few times in the off season, it's just not the same. So it, it was hard, but it was something that needed to happen just, just based off the situation. And you know, still here trying to make the best of it. But anytime you go from, you know, having the best quarterback ever throwing you the ball to any type of change it's going, it's gonna be an adjustment. So wasn't wasn't easy, but we, we, we still managing.


You watched Jordan Love every day in practice. I think he, I think he played one game with you, if I'm not mistaken. He did. I think that the Kansas City, he played that game. Aaron didn't play. Right. You kinda watched him. Had you known what you know now you like, because he balled out. He, He, did you see, did you see this? Did you see this? Look, I would say based off of the, the, the potential, you know, we, we don't, I don't like using that word. 'cause I feel like that's a, that's a high school word. Yeah. You talking about potential, but Potential just mean you ain't done nothing yet. Correct. Exactly. So based off what I seen, you know, it was, there was, he had the potential to do what he's doing, but there was nothing till you see somebody in live bullets can they do it real snaps.


It's hard to really determine if somebody got that, you know, that it factor. Right. Which he's shown at this point that he has. Okay. You know, it's, we talked about the consistency. He hasn't been able to show that consistently. But when you look at the play style and just the, I mean, that boy be cool as the other side of the pillow out there too. And that's one thing that people don't be giving him enough credit for. I mean, the release points, a lot of these throws he is making, he Reminds you of Aaron. I mean, I saw him throwing the ball and that was the thing that I saw when he played Philly. Yeah. I say, man, when he came in my, I say dude remind he, I said He wasn't, he wasn't just sitting back there playing around. I tell you that I I, one thing I will say, I don't think that, you know, based off of Aaron being a guy in Green, Bay, they don't always try to get the guy behind him all the way.


Right. Right. Because then it's a, a, you know, some issues of, well now you, You speed the process up of getting me up out the door, that Type of deal. Right. So, so you, you know what I'm saying? So I kind of felt like I didn't get to really see it because they never were, he wasn't being showcased or really like coach coach like that. Because when you in season, you gotta worry about the guy that's playing. So, you know, you, you obviously going through your drills and all of that, but it's more getting you ready for the game that's about to be played. So being in, in Green Bay having him, you know, just throwing fly jump balls to, you know, the, the one-on-one practice squad versus Ja and seeing Ja ja go up and pick it off. Like seeing that doesn't let you know for sure this guy's gonna be a baller. Right. But being a scout team quarterback, that's some of the things that you gotta do.


And then he just took advantage of the opportunity as soon as he got it. Which is, I mean, now's his, You making the decision, obviously it's gonna come down because you got your pick of where you want to go for the most part, everybody's not gonna be able to afford your salary. So it comes down to the Raiders. Obviously Derek Carr, you played with him in college. So there's a relationship, although you hadn't played in a number of years. Yeah. How instrumental was he for you coming to the Raiders and then to see all of a sudden after a year? Yeah, It's gone. Well, I mean, he, he played a, a huge part in that man. I mean, I grew up a Raiders fan being from the Bay and my whole family being Raiders fans. So in a sense it was kind of ridden, but at the same time, I don't know if I would've made the move had it not been him, you know, under center when I, when I got there.


And then I talked about obviously when they got rid of him, I was, I was not happy about that at all, but just based off the business and knowing how, you know, at that point it was, I was going into to year 10, you know, once they got rid of 'em. So I'm thinking about it and I'm like, man, this is, this ain't, this ain't the first. And it, it definitely ain't gonna be the last person that, you know, means a lot to me and my career that I'm not gonna be able to be around. So you gotta, you gotta roll with the punches and figure it out. And I'm not really in the business of jumping around trying to skate around the, the states trying to find a, a home, you know? So I'm just had a, we got a great team and, and great potential to be a great team. So really for, for me, it was easy to say, I'm gonna stick here and, and try to try to figure this out with these guys and going to work with guys like Max Crosby and, you know, having, having these type of dudes that it was a different level of competition when I came to the Raiders, the, the Packers, we won all these games and 13 games, you know, three, three times in a row under Matt LaFleur.


But it was just a different type of feeling when I walked into that Raiders and, and went into that first OTA practice, it was a different level of competition I never really felt in the league yet. And it made me feel a way about this team and it, and I kind of was locked in from that point. Right. Had you known, and it's easy to say now, say hell no, I wouldn't have come. But had you known what you known, but could, could, could you see the writing on the wall? Because a lot from the outside, a lot of people were like, man, Gruden really ain't really embraced. Oh boy. He always talking about everybody else quarterback. But damn you can't keep saying somebody else, girl beautiful. When you got a girl sitting right next to you, that's, and it seemed like he kept saying somebody else girl was more Beau


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers, whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal view of the show. Now you're on it. How's it feel? I am A loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders, you'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Beautiful. Than the one he Had. Yeah. They, they, they had a a interesting relationship, relationship to, to say the least. And I know he was on board with him and, and he loved, grew and grew love me too. And that was another reason why I was real fired up about potentially being a Raider, was that I knew that, you know, he had strong feelings about me as a player. So, and then once he left, that was like the first piece of it where I was like, ah, I don't now are they even gonna want me? You know? Right. 'cause you know, I, I am who I am, but that don't mean that every GM is like, I'm, he's worth this, you know, investment. And like we said, obviously, you know, it's no secret that it's gonna be a pretty, you have to dig pretty deep in them pockets to, to Make that up, You know, so, so just being unsure about how he felt about that.


I didn't, I didn't know if Josh McDaniels and, and and Dave Ziglar were gonna come in and decide, yeah, we want to invest this money in this guy. And then when it worked out, it just, it seemed like it was, it was meant to be. And unfortunately we weren't able to take advantage of it the way, you know, in, in a really weird season too. 'cause we lost, I wanna say basically all those games that year other than one by like, less than Yeah. Six points. Yeah. You know what I'm, they were like one score game that it normally came down to the last possession. Right. Which, which One way Or another. Exactly. Which equates to not being a, a great team because you're not finishing it, but when you look at it like you ain't, we wasn't no team that people was like, we about to come in here and roll over these boys. Like, we just wasn't figuring it out and finishing the games the way we needed to.


So we had, we had the, the chance to do it. So based off what I had seen, even losing those games my first year, it, it gave me a good feeling about moving forward with this squad just provided we could fill in a few gaps to make this team really be the team we supposed to be. You see all the success that Josh McDaniels has as the offensive coordinator for the New England Patriots. Yeah. And then you was like, man, he got a great mind. I see the way he, what he does with Weller, I saw what he did with Moss, I saw what he did with Gronk and yada yada yada. Yeah. And you was like, man, what is it about him that for whatever reason, obviously Tom Brady's take Tom Brady out. Yeah. But still schematically you should be able to scheme things and make things happen.


Right. What, what, what is it about him? Because he's been at a couple of locations that wasn't New England and it went Horrible. Yeah. I, this, this is what I would say. And I actually had this conversation with him during the season that first, that first year. 'cause we had some things going on where dudes was messing up assignments. They wasn't, they didn't really seem all the way locked in, like how they were supposed to. So I went and sat in there with him and it would just coincidentally have to be after a game where I had like two catches or something like that. So I go in his office and first time was, as soon as I walked in there, he, I know, I know Taya, you know, getting ready, like starting off like I know, I know we gotta get you the ball, this and that said, that's not even what I'm in here for. I want to have like a real man to man talk with you. And what I basically taught him was like, I think we don't need to change our standard because you and I both used to winning games.


And, we were aligned on a lot of stuff. We were talking, I was actually a big advocate for him. You know, just 'cause he, I felt like maybe, maybe the way the the offense went didn't, didn't work great with us, but the, what he believed in, I, I truly believed in as well. And he was, he was old school and I always had old school coaches, so, you know, him being hard on us and practice stuff like that never bothered me because, you know, I'm just, I I know what it is that he is trying to get out of it. So, right. Greatness. Yeah, exactly. And, and that's all that it was. So I go in, I go in there and I say, we shouldn't change our standard, but I think you and I, just to save our, our mental, we might have to change our expectation a little bit because here's the, the reality. You've had success in this offense and many, many years. Super Bowl, I think he won six Super Bowls.


But the only difference is every single human being that walked through those doors and was sitting on the other side of him in those team meetings, they had a hand in every soul that was in there. So when you picking and you got this super complex, you know, slides and all these things for this old line, you, you getting these Harvard grads and all these dudes that could really process this, right? We got dudes that grew in, in a, you know, Mike Mayak Mayak and, and, and them brought in and good talent. But these dudes are not the same. They may not be as intellectual, they may not be as disciplined as what you would've chose yourself. So that's like you walking into a room and coaching up a bunch of kids versus your own a a u team, right?


And you, you expecting that they gonna do the exact same thing. You don't know these kids like that. You haven't been able to really put your blessing on them. You know, put your hand on them and, and shape them to be the type of player or person that you want 'em to be, you know, as it pertains to the, to the football game. So when you come out here, we should still keep the same standard as, as how hard we push them. But maybe let's, let's ease up a little bit as far as the frustration and, and leaving outta every practice. So pissed off that there was a few mental errors when you're not realizing that these are not, these ain't dudes that got PhDs like Right. Some of the guys you had and, and just even fit that system the way that, you know, so we got guys that may be better in the system that we have now.


And I, I've seen, I've been in multiple systems, so I've seen it. So I just basically had to tell him, I said, look, you, you've had a lot of success, but I think maybe we should start gearing to understand that these dudes are a little bit different and find out the best way to coach them up. Best way to run this offense. That way it'll, it'll work best versus trying to shove these guys into this mold that you want to have us fit into. Because the ultimate name of the game is, is win the game. Right. It's not win a certain type of way. Yeah. You know, so I, I think what's most important when you a coach is shaping it around who you, who You, you got, you Gotta adapt. You know, you gotta, Because a lot of times it take, to your point, a lot of times what coaches do, and I, the really good coaches can do it, they'll fit their system around the players that they have.


Correct. And they don't say, you fit my system. Right. And I think he had a system at New England, this is the way it was. Coach Belichick says this is it. Yeah. And guys, and they drafted guys accordingly. Correct. But when you go elsewhere, you've got the, all of a sudden you ain't got Tom, you ain't got Gronk, you don't have this, you don't have that. Well you gotta fit a system to the talent level that you have. Correct. And. if you don't, you are gonna be frustrated and then God's gonna start being frustrated with you because you going to MF 'em so much, they just gonna shut you out. And That's exactly what happened. That's exactly it. So you, you completely understand how that goes. And that's, that's how I feel genuinely. Like if, if you come in and you're trying to make something work, it, it shouldn't just be about what it is that you believe in because you should believe in winning.


Right. And you, you're used to that. Right. And it's worked in the past. So I get to a certain extent that he, in his mind he probably puzzled because he, like, I've been with all these dudes, And, we got all these guys. But once you, you gotta sit somebody down sometime and say, think about this part of it like this. Right. You, you didn't, these are not all you, you didn't draft these guys. Right. So even if you have a little bit of time with 'em, like you gotta work with 'em differently. Even if you, if I'm running a team, I'm not gonna sit here and coach every guy the same way. Correct. You know, you gotta you gotta coach 'em. However, Nope. If I got, if, if one of my best players is gonna sit there and cry when as soon as I yell at it, my voice at him, it, it may be unfortunate, I may be in my office like, man, this boy is soft, but I'm, I'm gonna do what I gotta do. So we make it work. Yes. You know, especially when it's some of your guys guys, right. You know, you gotta do what you gotta do to, to get that end result you want.


I think Andy Reed is a great example of that. You look at the way Andy Reed coached when he had Alex Smith, you look at the way he coached Patrick Mahomes, you look at the way he coached Donna McDowell. Yep. Each situation was different based on the player he had at quarterback based on the players that he had around him. Correct. And the really good coaches can adapt. Yep. And not say, man, this it is the my system, your system ain't worth the he of being if them guys can't run it. Hey. And, and it, it can't be that good if, I mean, we got good players. Yeah. So it ain't like we, we lacking talent or you done went to a D three from, from from the youth. Right. You Know what I'm saying? Like we, we talking about, we talking about high level athletes and you look at that offense that, that we had and for it to not work, you know, for on, on different levels, whereas it was, you know, the, the receivers wasn't getting it done enough for 'em or the, you know, the tight ends wasn't figuring out the, the, the blocking assignments or whatever it is.


Sometimes you gotta do a little self scout and figure out what it is and, and what's leading to that. What Can I do different? Correct.


Forget what the calendar says. Football season is right around the corner and that means best ball week at DraftKings isn't far behind. Here's what you need to know. DraftKings best Ball Millionaire contest is the biggest fantasy contest ever. We're talking 15 million in guaranteed prize pool with two. That's right. Two millionaires crown for the first and second place. If you're a set it and forget it type, then best ball is for you. No waiver wise, no roster management, bigger roster. So injuries won't end your season. Only the draft. And that's it. You're set for the season. Still not convinced. Check this out. This year DraftKings is offering everyone draft one get one special, your $20 entry fee scores. Bonus ticket. Get ready for best ball week at DraftKings, download the Draftking app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for all customers who enter the best ball. 15 millionaire contest to get bonus ticket, only the best ball week only at DraftKings Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer, enter the best ball, $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


Did it make you, because it made me upset and I'm gonna see what you think about this and I, I'll I'll I'll give you my point of view. When you left Aaron, people automatically assume, man, he ain't finna put up them numbers, man, come on man. Who y'all kidding? Y'all know who it was. Right? And so now you feel like, bro, yes, I appreciate Aaron. We know he's a generational talent. Yeah, yeah. We know he's transcendent. Correct. But bro, I'm, I'm I'm on the other end of this now. Yeah, yeah. That's the curse. And, and I, I talked to Aaron about this multiple times too. We joke about it and I'm like, that's the curse of of being with a, a player that's that like, it is, it is much more of a gift because you gonna be able to, you know, He can read you, he knows what you're thinking, you know what he's thinking And, and he gonna make you so much of a better player just by being around too.


Like you, you done had those times where you had OTAs and then there's a day where you, you not there or whatever. Like the, and and I've heard this from, you know, some of our guys with the Raiders now when days where I wasn't there like days that Aaron was present, the way that team was flying around and looked out out there versus the days that he was in the training room during the, you know, whatever. Yeah, absolutely. Guy's still working. It ain't like they out there telling jokes and, and just like walking in between, but it's a different level of intensity. It is execution and all of that. So not even just his, his ability to throw the ball, but just his presence brings a different type of it it gets it outta you. Yeah. Essentially kind of, I would, I would equate it to how a coach like AP coming in. You, you look at that next week after we, you know, did what we did in Detroit and then we come back and then we, we did what we did to the Giants.


You can say whatever you want about the Giants. They're still A-A-N-F-L team, L team. We went in there and it and certain guys that maybe weren't playing the way that they should one week later looked like different players. And that's because of the presence of, of a human being and what they can do to get, to maximize what you have in you. Maybe you don't even need new personnel. Sometimes you need somebody else to come in and, and get, make, make Shannon go a little bit harder. Right. And then now that player is the player that you wanted to go get at the same price. Right. The thing was, well like me playing with John is that what I took for granted and I knew he was a great player. He had been to Super Bowls, he had been an MVP. Is that what you take for granted? Is that the ball placement?


Like if he put the ball between the eight and the four, he's telling me, Shannon, get up in your shadow. Yeah. There's danger on the left or the right. Right. So if you go left, you gonna get your cart cleaned, you go Right. If he puts it in front of me, he's telling me I can continue to run, keep going. If he put it on my back shoulder, he's telling me I'm stopping you from stopping you from a headache. Right. You take things like that for granted. Yeah. Because he's been doing like, oh, everybody gonna be doing it like this. Amen. And the moment you bam like bro, you didn't see that guy. That's, see that's the thing. And it, and, and honestly the, the, the placement is one piece of it, but the, the the even more important is the timing aspect of it. Yes. You know, like having to do like Aaron, I was able to get away with some, some things that maybe wouldn't be able to work with another quarterback.


Like we have a stop route at, or or a puma is what we called it in Green. Bay where it's a 15 yards, basically a comeback, but you turn it back inside, it's almost like a curb, but you coming back down your stem Right. That route was run at nine yards. That route was run at 10 yards. That route was run at 15 to 17 yards just based off what I needed to do. Right. And having to do like that, pulling the trigger, having the ability to just whip that ball over there. Not sit here and just look me down the whole way but feel it out. Hold the safety and just feel my body language know that based off where guys are, that this is typically when he takes us a little bit deeper Right. And not sitting there like it wasn't a whole lot of times he doing this and I'm not ready or vice versa. Right. So having those reps together, that timing, obviously that happened over time, but even, even the timing of a simple route off coverage, we, we got a dagger concept and I'm running the end route just knowing when to release that ball to where now like I've, I've had a, a couple instances this past year where I'll come down the middle and the ball is where it needs to be, but it's, it wasn't thrown when it was supposed to be thrown.


Yeah. So now that headache we talking about, you know, I'm sitting there trying to convince these people in the tent that I'm okay. Right. When, when it shouldn't even happen because that could have been a catch and and run. Right. So that's the part where I talk about where you talk about the people saying, oh, you know, he done had a year that, that we, we, because of seeing, seeing him have, and they done got, and they got spoiled over the years too. 'cause they seen, you know, 1500 a few times and, and you know, almost 20 touchdowns in 2020. Like they see this, so now they think that that's the the standard which it, which it, which it is. But they gotta Understand. That's hard Though bro. It is not easy to do. It's, it is hard to score one touchdown in this league. But you know, to get almost a hundred in, in my career that don't happen by own accident. So when people talk about a regression and this and that, I'm saying you're just not watching the tape.


Because if you would've known anything about ball, you would've known that, you know, in, in that game I just played that I had 71 yards. If I would've got the ball a little quicker on that dig, that would've been another 60. Right, right. Because I've, if you look at two weeks before that, I got it earlier and it was 60. I, I go back to the Monday night game that you guys ended up winning. I think you kicked the last second field goal and he threw that dagger out. He threw that over out and Fred warn, I mean he threw It Oh, you talking about over the top of it spinning pure away. Yeah. Yes, yes. And Fred got depth, everything, the line, he couldn't play it. No. Perfect. Couldn't. He couldn't. But when Aaron released it and when you came outta that break, the perfect throw will beat the perfect coverage every time. Every time, every time. And that's, that's one of them ones that you, you know, the, the saying when you, when you breaking up with your girl and you say it's, it is not you, it's me.


That's what, that's what you gotta say to Fred that moment, Hey, it is not you bro. No. Okay. Hell of a job. It ain't, it ain't, don't worry about it, it ain't on you. That's it is us. And, and, and I had the easy job there, you know, just going up and grabbing it, putting that ball over the top of him when Fred is probably the most athletic linebacker in the NFL. I mean you, you definitely miss those type of, you know, drives and, and those type of catches alone. Nobody, no one is better than ask than you. What does Shannon, what do I Shannon Sharp and the national media get wrong about Aaron Roger? Well, I think see when you, when you a person and, and me and Aaron are a lot alike in this, when you are a person that's secure enough to not have to worry about clearing stuff up, like, like Aaron's not, you don't see him going on, on TV and, and on social media saying, trying to deny any of the stuff that people saying like when you so solid with yourself, sometimes it, it leads to people that's like your girl come and say, are you cheating on me?


And you just go, she gonna be like, oh, he must be cheating on me. Yeah, yeah. When in your head you like, I'm not worried about you. Right. I ain't, I I I'm all about you. I ain't tripping off nobody but you that, That, that don't even deserve a response. I'm not even going to give that no attention. So I think sometimes his, his approach with that is, you know, he, he's a very, a private person and with, with a lot of his, his life being put in the, in the, in the light like that, it's, it's tough to, you know, And, we all got our things too. We all got, you know, different situations that, that are hard to, to explain unless you truly know what's going on. And the good thing for me and why I love him so much is that he's a, a dear friend of mine.


So I do know a lot about the details of, you know, the things behind of what people say and what's led to, you know, why, why people get that perception. Right. But what I love about him is that he's not concerned with sitting here trying to, you know, change that and change it in your mind. If you feel a way, then that's just how you gonna feel. Right. And, and if, and if that, that hurt you, it shouldn't because it has nothing to do with you. And more people should approach it that way and, and honestly mind their business as it pertains to, to his personal life. You know, because what the man doing with his vaccinations or non vaccinations, munitions and capitalization, whatever it is that ain't got, that ain't changing nobody life but his. Right. So at the end of the day, like people would ask me like, how do you, how do you come to Aaron?


What do you say to him in a situation where he is, he's in the media and y'all in there trying to focus for the, we like, man, we go in there in, in lab just like we do every other day. That man is a grown man. If he need to speak to me about anything, he know I'm here. I'm not getting in his business just like, I don't want anybody else to get in it. But you know, there's pieces, obviously some things come out, you know, here and there and, and, and people gonna speculate. But I just love that he's secure enough to, to be himself and, and the people that truly know him, understand him a, a lot better than, than what's being, you know, put on the outside. And I'm just glad I'm not that level of celebrity. Do I gotta, I gotta deal with it all, Everything gets pared and yeah, Take part 90% of what people talk about they don't know about. So, you know, he, he just try to keep it moving and, and And we all do the same with him.


In your two years with the Raiders, you've gone 14 and 20 haven't made the playoffs. Derek Carr, Jerry Stidham, Jimmy G, Brian Hoyer, Aiden O'Connell. Now it looks, seems like Aidan O'Connell and Garment, you gonna be fighting for the starting quarterback. Do you have the pieces at that position? Because it doesn't matter. You can go out there and you can run the best routes in the world. You can run the end cut the dig, the dagger, the d the shake, all that good. Right? Man, you see Devonte run that rock him on skates. But if that ball sells out of bounds Yeah. Eventually Tay gonna get frustrated. Right. Because bro, I'm putting in this work, I'm getting open, I'm winning and I ain't gonna get no looks.


Yeah man, it is, it is a, it is always a tough conversation because when you talk about having the for sure answer, we, we don't know because we haven't, we haven't seen Gardner in a, in a Raider uniform. We've seen him make some plays and you know, we've seen it to a certain extent Jacksonville Indy. Exactly. He's, he's, he's definitely been out there and had some experience. Aiden on the other hand hasn't had near as much experience he had to pick up, you know, in a, in a offense that's fit for a Tom Brady. It's, it's a, it is an offense that you have to have a extremely high level execution to be able to Yeah. Make it work. Yeah. You know, it's a lot of dinkin duck, it wasn't a lot of, you know, it wasn't a million shots down the field. Right. You know, I, I did catch, I had much longer touchdowns in, in that offense, but it was honestly as a result of us figuring out on the fly, like we said, trying to adjust and, and make it work.


It was a lot of that. So when you got a guy and, and me and Aiden talked about it at the end of last year, 'cause I think we, we were in a hot tub and somebody asked him like, what do you think about this offense? And he, and he said himself, he said, this offense just requires a really high level execution. You gotta be able to really sustain a drive. Right. Like you don't get just 'cause you went, you know, three, you, you got, you capitalize on fourth down twice, you don't get five downs on the next one. You still gotta move. So if you only done got 20 yards with two first downs Right. That's a lot of work you still gotta do to get down there. Right. Especially, you know, the ball get nailed in the end zone. You starting way back there. Right. You could still get three first downs and punt the ball. Right. So, you know, it is, it is not, and a lot of offenses in these, you know, especially today, these offense explosive man, they, you get three first downs y'all ass done score basically.


So, you know, it, it is tough to do. You gotta pick up in the middle of that as a, as a young buck. And then you come in, you know, the, the game that, that Jimmy gets hurt, he gotta jump in and play against the chargers, get sacked six times by the same freaking person. Like, like that's not easy. And, and he kind of got thrown into the fire a little bit. So I do believe in Aiden and I, I think he's going to, he, he's gonna be able to feel a lot more comfortable. He looked, he looked pretty good in, in OTAs And. we just gonna continue to grow and, and learn from each other. And I've always been a big advocate for him. 'cause when he first came in, he came in real confident balling in, in the OTA period and in preseason and, and showed everybody what, what he has the potential to do. So we just gotta keep working. Just like with me and Aaron, I didn't, I mean, if you, if you trying to count your chickens before they hatch with meat, then you, you wouldn't have had no eggs Because my first two years wasn't exciting.


Nobody to think that, that it was gonna bounce. Then You gonna turn that the way you turned that. Exactly. So, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm the main person sitting there saying, everybody relax, you know, you gotta you gotta give it give the, give time for the, for the flower to grow. You know, we, we watering it right now, And we going to, you know, ultimately see what, what it, what happens with it. But it's hard to say for sure like, we gonna win a Super Bowl right now. But we, we got a lot of work to put in still. And, and I think we, we got, we got a good chance to, to get a lot better. So you would say that that offense under Josh, it required a lot of patience and a lot of precision. Correct. Because, you know, hey, if you miss, but you gotta be able to come back and do it over and over and over and over again. And a lot of times you're doing that without taking shots E Exactly.


And, and this game is about and and that's a lot of snaps too. Yes. So at the end of the day when, when you got your team on the field for, you know, almost 80 plays, you know, you gonna be out there with a lot of, so folks and, and maybe hurt folks right now, if you can get out there and get some explosives and, and your defense is out there and getting the ball back to you putting it in before then, then now that's less plays. You stretching the field, you, the morale of the team is different. 'cause now you done got more confidence. Getting the first down, you know, on the fourth down is cool. And that can give you confidence. You want to have that in your bag of being able to, but you ain't trying to go down there scoring on. Yeah. You ain't gonna make a whole lot of living fourth down. Oh they, oh this, this team goes for it the most on fourth down and all that's gonna get you in trouble.


That's gonna bite you in the butt eventually In, in Philly that work. 'cause they, they doing it different over there with the way they do it. But you know, when it, when it's fourth and three and you done ran the ball third and sixth to get it shorter to do it like that. Like that's just not the type of ball I believe in. I I believe in being aggressive, especially when you had a personnel to do so. I'm looking at, you guys had some issues, the Raiders man, I remember al like, I don't care what you guys al oh, Al Davis, who's the owner of the Raiders. His, his philosophy was just win baby. So he didn't really care about the off field stuff. Yeah. But this is a new age. This is a new time, Devonte. Yeah. And you guys had some issues that kinda maybe, I don't know how much that impacted what you did on the field, but it, it can't be easy dealing with some of the things that you had to deal with.


Yeah. That wasn't football related, Right? Yeah. I mean it's, it is never, it is never gonna make it easier anytime you got any type of distractions on the outside. So we try to limit that. And the other reality is if it's, if it's player related, coach related, whatever it is, like you wanna, ultimately, if people can't, like nobody's perfect. So things are gonna happen every so often, but you gotta look at the type of things that's happening obviously. And if people don't fit that mold and they start to create too many distractions and hold the team back from, you know, realizing they full potential, then you gotta do what you gotta do, man. Right? Like this, this, this thing gonna keep rolling regardless. So, and, and that's the mindset that I got too. Like, I got plenty friends and I, and I love continuing to grow bonds and I feel like, you know, you hear about, you know, the, the guys like you that played and, and not in it no more.


I feel like the main thing I always hear is that what I miss most is that connection and that that locker room feel comradery, you know, playing the games. They, a lot of dudes that have played for a long time, they say, I don't miss playing. No, I'm good on that. But, but that comradery being together every day is, is just a, that's a whole different thing. So I'm, I, I got plenty of friends, like I said. So if you don't fit the mold and you don't bring the same type of attention and, and, and an intention when you come in to, to, you know, the, the facility, practice the game every single time you come out there and you out here doing this and that and you can't stay focused within bye. And that's, that's how I would do it if I was the coach, you know, and like I said, it ain't a, it ain't a a one shot deal in you out. But if it's to a point where you are consistent distract continu and it, and it ain't, you ain't bringing enough positive.


And it, and it's the,


the Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy dessert. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for All things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Bad is outweigh the good, then you serve no purpose here. Yeah. So it's funny that you said that, is that, do you feel like sometimes like the Raiders because of the raiders's, kinda like if I was born a pirate, I think my job is a natural pillage and loop and it's so if you get drafted to the Raiders, it's almost like I'm supposed to be a bad boy. I'm supposed to be bad. I'm supposed to get get in trouble as long as I knock hell out of people on the field. I catch a few touchdowns That, that may, that may be I, I never really thought about it like that, but I, like you said, you, you grow up, you grow up in that and or you get, you know, brought into that culture. The, the thing is, I think that that's kind of the, the older thing. I don't know if that's the, the Raider culture as much and it is definitely that hardnosed tough.


You know, you want be, you want, you want people to fear you coming in, right. They don't want to, they don't want, you don't want 'em to fear that you about to shoot 'em or or rob them, you know what I'm saying? Nothing like that. So we, we can't be getting too outta control with it. But we try to, you know, definitely have that, that same type of mentality. That's what he said. I mean we, we watch videos throughout the year, you know, little hype videos they put together for you weekend and week out. And, we, we get to see some of the stuff that that that Jack Tatum the boys was doing man. And our Out you going to jail for that. Even on the field today, I'm Telling you John Madden too. Them boys are saying Yeah, we we the raid Yeah, we, we gonna punch in the mouth. What you gonna do about it? And, we want you to, we want you to worry about that. Right. We don't, we don't want you to worry about, oh this man about to get a DUI tonight. Right. You what I mean, you're right.


So, so hopefully we can stay away from that type of stuff and just keep it about the hard No, You said something very interesting. You said, okay guys, you're doing things and maybe getting penalties here or there. And this is what I always tell guys. Okay, it's called production and tolerance. And as long as production is up here, tolerance could be right here with it, I'm telling you. But tolerance is never gonna get higher than production. Never. So you gotta make a choice. Yeah. If you want, if you wanna be on the team, as long as production and tolerance, as long as production is here, tolerance can be Here a hundred percent. It gotta be. But once it get there, yeah it is gonna be tough finding a home. The other hard part about it is now these coaches talking, so they gonna say, well well you got rid of what was the, well he was, he was a knucklehead and then that you don't want that following you around in the league.


And then people get mad talking about well man, he blackballed but he black bro. Yeah. That that when they bring the politics and all that into it, it's like man are you being real? What, what did, what did you do? Yeah, that's what I need to know. What did your ass do that led to you, you know, getting kicked off the team. 'cause especially the guys that's that's good players like three teams. I'm telling you that. Okay, one time you like, you know what mate, you know what we had a disagreement. Yeah. He saw it one way I saw it a different way. Right. Okay. That's that happened. Yeah. Just like a job. Yeah. We can be on the job. Me and the boss, me and the supervisor, we didn't get along, we bump heads. Right. I go somewhere, never had that problem again. Right. But if I go somewhere, leave that job or it was the boss, I go to another place, it was the boss.


I go to another job, it's the boss and the only common denominator, I got three different bosses and I'm the only common denominator. So somebody that no tape. Yeah. Yeah. And that's the person that, when I see that and then I see in the media that you know, round three they still on the same thing. That let me know a lot of the what I need to know. And then I say, you know, I move, I move accordingly from there. But you make a little mental note about certain people that that you know, got that follow on 'em around everywhere. Yeah. At some point in time you gotta stop being in a victim in a situation you created. Correct. So Tom Brady, would you, Brady, how's Brady Bradys Trying? Hell yes. Oh Damn. You lemme have the que you lemme finish the question.


I know exactly. Hey, I knew when you said Tom Brady, I knew what y'all said. Let me see what he gonna say. And then you gotta talk about OIE is I don't care. I don't care. You would take Tom in 47, 48, 58 Right now. Hey, nah Tom, look Tom know about how I feel about him man. I, and the other part is I think I'll be the first person that played with Tom and Aaron. Right. So that'll, that'll be pretty cool. Yeah. I mean he getting older but I mean he, he gotta still be able to throw it better than, you know, half these dudes in the league. He can at this point, you know, so, But you better be able to protect him 'cause he ain't gonna be able to protect them heads better And he ain't going nowhere either. Ain't gonna sit right there in that pocket. So you better have a nice secure little little home for in there. That's for sure.


So what about these internet about you reuniting with Aaron? Is that something that's something you would be open to, amenable to if this had happened this off season, if a package that just offered a package big enough to satisfy the Raiders' need and you be reunited with Aaron, would that have been been something you'd have been open to? Well, I'll answer it like this. If I'm gonna be reunited with anybody would be Aaron. Okay. But I, or or be, you know, relocated and be anywhere it would be with Aaron. But that's, that's not really my, you know, it's a lot of that stuff going on last year in the media and, and them asking, you know, what, what are you gonna do about this? Are you, are you thinking about going here? And, and they talk about whatever without me even being involved in it.


And it ended up getting all the way to the point where it got in the locker room and people was thinking that it was, you know, I putting It out there was force and I'm like, y'all just don't understand man. Like when you, and you know, I hate to say it like this 'cause it makes me sound like I'm trying to put myself on a, on a pedestal, but when you, the level, a certain level of player, it don't have to come from you and it most oftentimes it's not coming from, from you. And I don't, I'm not the type of person that I enjoy going and, and putting that type of stuff out there when I'm, I'm actively on the Raiders. Right. What do I look like sitting here talking to other people about being on another team? Right. You know, and, and that's how I still feel about it right now. Like I'm locked in with, with the Raiders and, and I really feel good about this team and, and you know, as far as I know they feel good about me.


And if that ever changed, if that got to a point where they, they weren't feeling the same way, you know, I ain't done playing. So obviously we would, we would figure out whatever we needed to figure out. But in in the, the thought of playing with Aaron is obviously amazing. Like it's, it is, I already know what that's like, you know, which was similar to why I came here and, and reunited with Derrick was 'cause I, I have familiarity with it, you know, and anytime you have that it gives you a little bit more confidence than starting fresh with somebody that you never played with before. Right. And it helps that when they're the best to ever play the game, you know, or at least that's how I feel. I don't know how how, how you feel about that, but that's certainly how I feel. Yes. He's clearly One of the best and and he's, he's given me an opportunity to, you know, show the world what I can do and, and you know, having him to start out with, I'm sure you know that what we was talking about earlier about, you know, people say, did Aaron create you or did this and that?


No. But naturally if you have a, a player that's a generational talent, you know, definitely Help elevate you. Exactly. And you looked at the next year when I wasn't there with him, it, it didn't look the same. Right. So if if, if you got a tandem anytime that you got somebody with some talent, they gonna make each other better. So. Correct. I'm not afraid to say that he definitely made me better, but he didn't, he definitely didn't correct me. You see, it was the same numbers the, the very next year in, in, in Vegas. So obviously I didn't quote unquote need him, but it's, it makes life a hell of a lot easier. That's for sure. Given the level of player that you are, given the level of player that Aaron is, given what you had with the Smith boy, the Smith Brothers and that team, did you guys underachieve in Green?


Bay? I believe so. I believe we did. I think anytime you have that level and consistently can dominate the way that we did and then just find a way to not do it when you really, really need to. I think you can, you can say that I wouldn't consider it a failure. I know people would like to use that. So the way you said it, I would agree with more that way. It was definitely a, a, a underachievement because we didn't, we didn't maximize it. We were the best team in football for a few years. Yeah. And I, I truly believe that And, we, we weren't able to horse that trophy. Not even once I didn't even get to play in the game. So, you know, any, anytime you, you could say that your, your personnel and the the system, everything was great and then you don't have nothing to show for it.


You know, it's, it is, I feel like if you're being real enough with yourself, you can comfortably say, yeah, we didn't, we didn't achieve what we were supposed to Do. It does it keep you up at night knowing what you had. You look at Jair, you look at Preston and Arius, you look at yourself, you look at Aaron, you look at what you guys had, right? You got had not only just like good players, you got had Pro Bowl all pro level players All over the field For a, for a good four, let's just say for a good four year period, you guys had as good a talent as anybody, right? And for you guys not to have, not even forget when the Super Bowl to even play in that game. Yeah. Does that keep Tay awake at night knowing what could have been, what should have been?


It used to, it definitely used to. I think once I came to the Raiders, that's, that was another reason why is that being in four or five NFC championship games in eight years and two of those years, we didn't go to the playoffs. So every ba almost every year we went to the playoffs, we went deep in the playoffs and just didn't get to the dance. So, you know, it, it used to hurt me a lot and that's a big reason I was like, it kind of felt like that situation where, you know, whether it's a friend or somebody, you know, a family member, whatever, you know it, you know, it's bad but you like, you know, it, it may not work with the next one, but it's worth at least moving on from this. Right. You know, like winning those games, it almost made it hurt a little bit more. Like, versus just being a, like I was hurt more after those packer ones than I was, you know, last year not going right because you, you didn't even, like we didn't, we didn't show that we were a team that should have been there.


Right. You know what I mean? But we, throughout The year, after about week 10 or 11 tell you like we not going to the playoffs. Yeah. But in Green Bay you like, hold on, we got the MVP I'm an all pro. We got 5, 6, 7, 8 Pro bowlers. Yeah. First round by three times And they gotta come through Lambo And, and got our ass whooped in Lambo by the most West Coast team that it was. So I don't think that the Packers can ever use that. Gotta come. But we was practicing, I'm talking about it was, I think it was minus one in that game that we played in the, in the, in the playoffs. Yeah. And I'm thinking, you know, And, we came out firing too the first drive. I think I had like, like five catches. Oh yeah. The 49 er game that night game. Yeah. Yeah. I'm thinking, oh, you Cook either. Oh, we got this one And I'm feeling good.


'cause we mind you somehow for, for eight years in Green Bay, every single time throughout the week it was always colder. And then in, in the game it be cold as hell. But it was like, It wasn't cold. Like during the week We have minus 20 in practice outside and people think that we just out there like just laing just, you know, indoor whatever we, we stretch in there, get, get a little sweat, come out and, and then hit it running. You know, it's hard when it's cold to to get loose. Get loose. Right. So we start inside and then when practice start right outside, right And, we out there laughing and, and I'm, I'm out there in that. So come Gametime, I done got the adrenaline, the the Gametime feel and it's not as cold as it was. So I'm flying around thinking it's gonna be one of 'em games and, and lo and behold we, we come up short after being ahead the entire game once again.


Now, now we in the same situation and end up missing the NFC championship game. My, my last year and I think that one was essentially the, the straw that broke the camel's back, Did that hurt more than the Tampa loss? Because Tampa got, I just knew you guys had that. I put all my, I shoved all my chips in. Yeah. Okay. I shoved all my chips. I say this is the year right here. Yeah. I say I know Tom. This is Tom's first year. He, hey they got this one Man look, I, I say this that I don't know which of those hurt more, but I would say the one that hurt the most was my very first year. We, I mean we talking about, I don't, I don't know how well you remember that one. The whole fumble onside kick. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. To them the Seattle We was at 15 points with, with basically no time left in, in the game.


Right. So we, we damn near doing this to the crowd. We, y'all go on now it's over with we we to the Super Bowl because Y'all got that last pick in the And I'm and I'm, yeah we got a pick in the middle of the field and then I think Julius told Haha or or Morgan to slide down. We end up pun giving the ball back to 'em. They go down, they done fake the field goals score with a lineman. I'm like, what is going on bro? So then that happened. I'm thinking my rookie year, we all we gonna Super bowl. This is easy. Right. This, this is how the league is And I ain't even barely do shit this year like that. Right. I ain't like I you playing with two pro bowlers. Like I came in and, and held my own, but it wasn't no Justin Jefferson, Odell Beckham, you know, Jamar Chase rookie year.


Right. By no means I felt good about what I, what I was doing and I felt like I didn't have the same pressure as those guys not being the first rounder. But you know, I felt like I was doing enough to feel good about it and then boom, just yanked it right up underneath us. So I had a, a real harsh introduction to the league as far as how hard it is to win in the playoffs, you know, that first year. And then next year we, we go, you know, we we doing it again and I'm thinking we, we got it and then another time then, then it come, then it keep happening later. So it just got to a point where I was like, all right, well maybe it's just not meant to be, you know, here I did, I gave this place everything I got. Maybe it's time to try to figure it out somewhere else. Do you wish you had gone for it on that fourth down with Matt La Flo? 'cause you guys had like, you had like first and goal, you had like three, I think you had like three, three cracks at like first you go 'cause you gotta first dive.


Like okay. Yeah, I, I I I do, I do. And I don't, it's always hard for me to say that 'cause I don't wanna make it seem like I don't trust the coach or this and that. But you asking me and I do because, and it, I ain't on defense saying, you know, whatever. Like I got something to directly do with that. Right. And it ain't no surprise that if it was, if if we did, it was probably coming to me. Right. So And, if you tell me you got opportunity to change this game right now, I've, I've done that over the course of my career many times. So if you ask me in the moment, Hey Devonte, what should we do right now? Should we throw you this ball? You know what, what my answer gonna be? Yes. You know, especially at that point, I'm, we, we doing this too. Like that was, that was a great year as far as the way we were rolling Aaron and I, so, you know, I, it it hurt me to, to not have the opportunity to be a little bit more aggressive in that moment.


But like I said, sometimes you, you make decisions or decisions are made and you gotta live with 'em. Josh Jacobs joins your former team. Yeah. And he's trying to recruit you to come back to your former team. Did, would that be something you would ever revisit? Would you revisit going back to Green Bay? I don't look, I'd never say never, but I, I gave the, the big part about this now and it's, it is a piece that I know you'll understand, but I don't know if most of the world out there that watches football would understand because they look at the opportunity as we're lucky to, to have this. Not, not, we are blessed And, we put all this work in to do it, but we're lucky to have it. So for me, the quality of life at this point, it is another piece of it.


You know, having, being in Green Bay, seeing that my, my daughters can't go outside, you know, after Halloween damn near because of how cold it is. And she stay After Labor Day damn near She right. She's sitting here. I got a picture of my daughter at like, literally I think it was like November, like, like fifth. Like it's, it's still, it ain't late late like that. She's sitting there with her hand on the window just staring outside of the play structure looking like the saddest little girl in the world. And I'm like, this sucks man. Right. And now it could be Christmas night and I, they could be outside playing on the play, the play structure out in Vegas now. So having that ability, when, when now I done played for a long time. I, I've given everything that I, I can to this game, being able to give something to my, my kids like that.


Yeah. Is is another piece of it. You know, like I put being a dad over anything. Like, I think I could play this position pretty good, but, but being a dad ain't nobody better. Wow. So, so I'm, so I prioritize that my kids being in school and all this thing, I'm not one of 'em dudes that, you know, if I was to get moved to another team, like it would really hurt me to have my kids being in school in Vegas and me being in another city playing a game. If I'm, I'm going three days somewhere. I damn near feel like I wanna cry, leaving, leaving my kids, you know, especially having two little girls. Like that's just the way that I'm wired. I really like spending time and being around my kids. And You got a newborn on the way. Little boy Ain't got my boy on the way now, so You ain't going nowhere. That's Why I'm saying thinking about doing all of that.


Like, like that's, that's just a lot on my, on my wife, which she, you know, dropped everything. She's an esthetician and, and wanted to pursue her career a little bit harder and to, to drop it for, you know, obviously, you know, it's a pretty good deal for her too, I believe. Yeah. She, she ain't losing out on too much, but Yeah. But you know, her being that unselfish and, and you know, I just try to do the same for them. Right. And, and also it's, it's a lot to enjoy for me here as well. How much dead. Look, there's no secret, Devonte, you wanted the contract extension for the Packers before they was, was willing to give you one. You come out that great season and they is like, okay, hey t we got these numbers for you. How much did that play a fact, a factor in you leaving because you felt like, bro, I've been to, I've been asking y'all for two years and now y'all wait now.


Yeah. And some, and I'm a free agent. Oh no, that's, That's basically how it went coming into that that year before, you know, I had that unanimous all pro and I, you know, and, and the trend was basically ever since my first pro bowl Yeah. It just got better. So it wasn't gonna make it easier on them. So I'm saying, look right now, you know the type of player that you're getting, so what are you waiting on? Right. And right now I'm telling you this is, this was like, so obviously going into the 21 season, this is the off season going into that where Aaron was having his stuff in the media about whether or not he was even gonna be there. So I'm telling you like, look right now, Aaron Rogers future here is uncertain. I'm willing if you do this now early, gimme this extension.


Like what I've earned, I'm not asking for, I'm not, I'm not somebody, there Ain't no hand Here for no no bread. I'm saying give me what I earned. Right. Just a little bit early, which is not nothing. That ain't new. Right. This is something that happens for, you know, generational players. Yeah. You do that and, and it can benefit the club too. So I'm trying to tell him here, and I approached the right way. I said, we will, I won't even take into account that he may not be here. If we can do this right now, I'll be, I'll be a packer. And they, they said, okay, well this is what we value right now. And they threw a number out there and it was absolutely laughable. So for me, I told my agent, I said, don't, we don't even need to talk about nothing else. I'm gonna be there in camp. I didn't, I I wasn't there in the OTA period. I showed up for m mandatory minic camp Because I ain't giving no money back.


No, I need, I need all that. I wasn't, I ain't do no reps now. I ain't do no reps, but I was there. Oh, so you you was, you was holding in. I was holding, I was holding in. I ain't never heard that one. I I was holding in man. And, and I told them boys, I said, look, I I really love this place and I've given my all to it. So if you want to, if you want me to continue to be here, you know, 10 years plus this is the way to do it. Let's do it now. Right. They, they said that they, all right, well this is what we, this is what we see right now. And it just didn't make no sense. So I said, I'm gonna go and I'm gonna, I'm gonna be there and I'm gonna give everything that I got to this team. They're not going to notice this. They, they ain't gonna feel none of the drama and all this stuff that's going On. They'll feel none of the tension No.


That I have towards you. 'cause y'all know y'all doing me wrong because I got to go navigate an entire season, stay healthy Under, and I was the 12th highest paid in the league at that point. Like you talking about dudes that's coming in that haven't even really done anything. Right. Like at, at, at all yet that's, that's getting, you know, they getting paid off potential. So I'm sitting here like, like, oh, I'm, What do, what are we thinking? And you could talk about like, a lot of dudes don't wanna play under these, these tags these days. It was worse than that. I had no security. Right. So I had to go get a Lloyd's of London policy insurance policy Yeah. To make sure just in case anything happens that that's going to give me something close, close to what my, my value would be. Correct. You know, so I I done went and spent money and when you get insurance, you hoping that you wasting the money essentially.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So now I done put more money, so I'm losing more money by being here. Right, right. But I gotta do whatever to protect myself. 'cause I'm, and you Got a wife and kids, you got a family. So you need that bur, And, and not to mention I'm not type of dude that's gonna go out there, you know, it's, and I ain't gonna mention no names, but there's some dudes out there that'll get on that field just to be out there. Yeah. And they ain't gonna go across that middle fearless like how I do. Right. I'm going across, opening up, doing what I gotta do to make the play. Like, like I, like I got security, which I don't, and you Basically real good at night. They never gonna have to worry about, Hey, Devonte got in some trouble. Never. Not, not, I mean, nose clean the, the whole time and nothing like, nothing even came up. I, I got one thing that's happened and it was the, the cameraman little fluke situation in, in Kansas City.


Kansas City, which I think everybody came to realize was, I, I I'm not the big bad wolf the way that they thought they would, they'd be like, oh, there it is. His ass. Yeah. He he a bad dude. Yeah. Right. And then they realized, okay, we was tripping. Right? Yeah. We were, you know, we, you know, whatever you wanna say about it. But I did everything that I, that I could for that organization to where I felt like I was deserving of something to, to make it happen to where we could, you know, make it work. And ultimately it got to a point where I said, look, I, I'm gonna go and see what the market's talking about. And they tagged me and I just said, that's not gonna work for me. And you know, we ended up, you know, working together and, and figured it out and, and here we are now.


Quick math. The less your business spends on operations, multiple systems and delivering your product or service, the more margin you have and the more money you keep. But with higher expenses on material employees distribution and borrowing, everything's cost more. So to reduce the cost and headaches, smart businesses are graduating to NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite's is the number one cloud financial system. Bring an accounting financial management inventory, HR into one platform and one source of truth. With NetSuite, you reduce it costs because NetSuite lives in the cloud with no hardware required access from anywhere you cut the cost maintaining multiple systems because you've got one unified business management suite. You improve efficiency by bringing all your major business processes into one platform. Slashing manual task and errors. Over 37,000 companies have already made the move. So do the math and see how you'll profit with NetSuite by popular demand. NetSuite has extended, its one of a kind flexible financing program for a few more weeks. Head to netsuite.com/shehe.


This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.


Can't Get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality Show best describes the jet season? Look no further, we've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What Happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns in church. Voila, you got straightaway He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport by Carolo Judy Batista and NFO Network's, team of experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.