
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweet, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new Faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns in church. Voila. You got straightaway. He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. It's reported, I don't know if you can, you can clear this sub that you took, not considerably less, but the Raiders gave you a little less than what the Packers had offered. Yeah. Right before the, the, the, the ending of it. Yeah, that's true. You was outta there point you, you felt they slapped you in your face by not giving what you, what you had earned up until that point. Correct. They made you play, put yourself, put you and your family at risk. Yeah. And then once you come out on the other side, say, doc, we knew you could do it, here you go, bro. And then, but, but the biggest thing was that I didn't hear anything after that. So I basically was already la la, la la la. Okay. You know, once, once the season ended, but I didn't, there was no follow up.


There wasn't a lot of talks going on. I, I didn't know there was for like, almost two months. Right. And, and I'm thinking, okay, well I'm gonna just be a regular dude to them, so I'm about to go. And then they think that, you know, tagging me was, was the, the next option after basically playing for less than to tag the, the year before that. So I'm like, this, this is obviously not, and and, and they was, I don't know if they was calling my bluff or, or just, you know, what, what the idea was. But it, it just wasn't working for me. So, you know, I just, I had to plug my ears before I heard a number that made my ass wanna stay. And, and because you'd heard that number before, you like, okay, I forgive y'all. Hold on. You said what? So yeah, I just, I just said, look, we gonna nip this in the bud. This is what I think is best. You know, ended up working out for the Packers.


They got a couple good players out of it as well. And you know, it is what it is. Growing up your upbringing, I read that you had a, you never had your own bed, slept on the couch at your grandma's house with nine other people living there. Did you always wanna be a football player? Did you always wanna be, did what did you, what did Tay wanna be when he was growing up? I wanna be in the NBA when I was in the, in the, in the fourth grade when did a yearbook thing. Okay. I could, I could show it to you too, because I got, I got it, I got it in my favor. So it'll be, it'll be real easy to find, but I don't know if you've ever seen it. I was in fourth grade and this, this will tell you that this was all meant to be, 'cause you'll notice that Jersey, and you'll notice that kid right there, that's, that's in the yearbook, fourth grade yearbook right there.


NBA or NFL star. That's What, that's what I told them, them people that I needed. I said, I said, that's what, that's what I wanna be. And, and you see, NBA was first because at this point I didn't, I didn't play football until my junior year in high school. So, so I was supposed to be, so All your time was, that's the ball that Who it was, it was, it was ball for me. And that was, it was really no other option. There was nobody else that had made it outta, you know, where I was from. So I want to be able to, you know, inspire the youth in, in my city and obviously provide for my family. Right. And, and do what I love to do, which is play ball. But, you know, the, the football got, I, I ended up catching one of those at some, at some point in high school and you know, I said, you know, I grew five and a half inches going into, into high school.


And then that kind of stopped and I was like, damn, I thought I was gonna be six eight. God. I'm like, okay. So, you know, I'm, I, I grew and I'm, I'm, I'm grateful, you know, I'm about 6 1 6 2 now. Right. But I don't, that's, that's, that's bottom of the barrel in, in the NBA. Yeah. You know, So, And I, I do got the 40, 40, 41, 42 inch ver to make up for it. But it's gonna be Tough. You shoot it like Steph did, Dame No, I ain't shooting it like Dame or Steph, but I, I could shoot it. But you know, them, them boys, them boys a little different over there with that. So if I, if I can't shoot it like them and, and I ain't, you know, and Dame by my height, so he, he close. But, you know, I, I played the numbers and I feel like the, the NFL was going gonna be a good look for me. Right. How motivated were you? And I tell people this all the time, my only motivation was to get my family outta the environment that I grew up in because I didn't want my kids to spend one day in a life in which I had to live.


Right. So, let alone an hour, not even a day. Right. How motivated were you to get your family, knowing the upbringing, nine people and sleeping on the couch and, and and in your grandmother's home? How motivated was Devonte to leave that environment? I mean, it was, it was my driving force, man. And, and honestly, I'm glad that I had a, a wake up call in high school that, that kind of got me on the right track as far as academics because, you know, I wasn't really focused the way that I was supposed to, you know, in, in early in high school. And that was gonna lead to me having to take a whole alternate route to, to get where I needed. Which, you know, nothing wrong with the, with the, the juco route, but, you know, you, you can get lost in the sauce. Especially coming from where I come from. Right. A lot of people end up in that and, and get lost in it.


You know, you ain't guaranteed nothing. You don't, you, you might have a quarterback that's okay, but you know, we need somebody that know, that can sling it to, to be able to, We play a dependent position. Correct. Exactly. If I'm playing running back, you know, that's, that's on me. You know, the o line gotta block and you gotta be a good scheme and all that, but you get that pill in your hand, you got more to do with, you know. Yeah. You got more, more to say about what you do than, than on the outside. Right. So for me, I just had to get a little bit more mature, you know, throughout as it pertained to understanding the big picture, you know, in high school and, and locked in. And once I, once I got there and understood and, and conquered that academic aspect and got to a point where I realized that I was on my way, I, I feel I, I couldn't let nothing get in my way.


I, I knew my whole life growing up, every time I played, you know, at any level of basketball, whatever, I was always one of the best ones, if not the best ones. Right. So it wasn't a talent. So for me it was just about the right opportunity and making sure I checked the boxes of, you know, what I had to do, you know, academically and, and I don't wanna say check the boxes 'cause I make it seem like I was just trying to get by. Right. Which, with some of it maybe that was, but to a certain extent I wanted to make sure I did what I had to do so that I could, you know, get there. 'cause school for me, like I didn't want to be a doctor. So it was essentially a means to an end because I, you, you got, I made you the eligibility Hey, there you go. And, and then once I, once I got my head on my shoulders, I said, this is, this is something that I can use to, and for me, I never even really thought too much about I need to provide for my kids.


'cause I wasn't even on that wavelength, you know? Yeah. That, that mental wavelength at that at that point. But Your immediate family that you Correct. That you saw going through everything that you was going through. Exactly. Which is why that same house that, that I lived in and, and grew up in and slept on that couch last year, this, so basically 12 months ago, I was able to team up with CBS and going completely renovate her her entire home in, in, in two weeks. So went and did that just to get back to her because it's not easy doing that. You know, obviously my parents did a great deal for me and living with my mom and dad being separated, I would go and stay with my mom than when I stay with my dad. That's, that's was the situation that I had and that's the only situation I ever had. Right. So I didn't really know anything different, but once I got to the outside and I seen, I had to, I felt like I really needed to pay that forward to, to my people.


You dealt with a lot of death growing up. Friend, drug, drug sales, gang violence. I think you had a cousin that got murdered. How did those situations impact hay? Well, I, first, I just, I thank my parents, man. I got great parents. I, I thank them for, for really helping me be, you know, exposed to it as far as knowing what's going on, but almost to learn from it and, and stay away from that type of stuff. Okay. I've never had any type of legal or, you know, run-ins where, you know, I've, I've made any bad decisions and part of that was that healthy fear of my parents. Like they, they already, they instilled it in me and, and I knew the difference between, you know, right and wrong.


Right. Correct. So even, even though I may have been, you know, goofing off in the classroom freshman and sophomore year in high school or something like that, or you know, not, not, you know, giving my all in into my academics. I was always a mature minded person. You know, I always knew I always could make the right decision. Like my whole thing I still live by to this day is I never want to be able to say I just made the worst mistake of my life and it's a lot of dudes that I grew up with and that's still around, Still paying for it. That's still paying for it. And still saying that almost day by day, like, damn, I just made the worst decision. You know? So to have parents that had me in elementary school, 45 minutes away from the hood, you know, getting on a school bus and having my day be a lot longer, but ultimately allowed me to be around a completely different crowd where I could focus on school and not have to worry about fighting in school and, you know, drugs, being in the school and elementary, like how I was where I grew up and, you know, people getting killed.


Like I got friends that I played, you know, early, early childhood basketball with that. I didn't even get to see, you know, graduate high school. And, and that's a crazy thought when you an adult now, right? Like at that point I'm thinking, you know, so many people, you grew up in the hood, you see kids 13, 14 getting killed because they, they get into it so early. So it's not that that crazy to you at that point, right? That those are just your friends. Right. But then once you start to be an adult and you think about, what if my kid like at that, you know, I got a, I got a 5-year-old almost. I'm like, that's about seven years from now. Like, you know, the, the, the thought of that is insane to think about that. So the, for me to recognize that it just, that's my driving force, you know, to continue to do what I do to, you know, make sure my, my kids see the, the light and, and don't ever have to see stuff like that.


Right. I read that you broke your arm three times, broke your arm, playing Pot Warner football, playing basketball right there and then you broke it again playing football all before the eighth grade. You see that? That's how you can get it up. That thing, Man, that's extra, extra 200 catches in there if you got that thing on. Dang dang it. Hey, I knew, I knew you was like, I knew you was coming with that. That is that, that would be, I I probably have 15,000 right now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you two wanna catch a show with that one. Yeah, man. Now, now you see if it's ever a situation like that's, that's what I'm working with. Super. Yeah. I, I broke this when I was, I was fifth, fifth grade twice.


Wow. So I, I broke it, it hit reheal reattached. I was wearing a brace and it was hooping in the afterschool program before I should fell straight on it, snapped it again. And then again in eighth grade I did it again. So in other words, you broke the growth, growth plate. So it stopped growing, Stopped growing. And, and now, now that thing's stunted and, but my, my right arm is way longer. Yeah. But my, my left hand is way bigger, so I'm just all, don't even ask. I don't even know. I made it work. We done figure it out. Did did you want to quit? Did you feel cursed? Did you feel like man, damn well, Oh, football wise I was over it. That was because that was the one year that I played in right in Pop Warner. Right. Broke my arm. The last play of the half, the first game of the season playing quarterback.


Right. Got sacked And. we was getting ready to knee it. I told my cousin that was coaching. I said, man, let's throw, throw a hail Mary, let's go for this. We had like the 40 yard line. I'm, I don't even know how I could throw 40 yards at that point. But I told him, let's go for it. I'm dropping back here. We playing a team outta Oakland. These boys is, I don't, we ain't, they wasn't checking birth certificates or something. I had a dude running around the edge, looked like you came and smacked me, landed on me and just snapped it. I said, I ain't never playing football again. I ain't never broke no bone in my life until that point. I was over it over So high, high school football. So that means you didn't play high school football until your junior year. Why didn't you play your freshman sophomore year? You so over it after breaking your arm. I was over it man. I was, I was still healing coming in like fully healing. And my mom was like, boy, you need to sit down somewhere.


She, she enjoyed I think basketball more at that point anyway. Right. You know, seeing me like I was, you know, I, I ain't have a helmet. You not as far away you watching the game. Right. You could see me like just how that camera right there, you, you could be right, right there up on the game. So she like, I'd rather be more intimate with it like that. Right. My dad was a basketball phenom. Like he, he played both sports, but he was like that guy, especially in, in the hood growing up. I half, the reason I don't go back now is 'cause every time I go I get reminded of my dad better athlete than me. What? And and he about, he about to be 62 next, next month. So I, I'm like now, okay, well maybe I'll stay away from y'all. Y'all, y'all, y'all think I'm run. Y'all kill my confidence. Right, right, Right. But yeah, that's, I mean it's, it, it is what it is.


I I decided that, that we going, we gonna stick with this football thing and, and, and it worked out. So, So your, your junior year 24 you played 25 total games. 92 catches over almost 16 on the yards. Eight to 18 touchdowns. You won Palo Alto's first State Champ, first state title. You starting cornerback and Wide receiver, you were locking 'em up. You was Reavers Man, I was, I was playing off pressing a little bit of everything. They really, I should have had more picks. Them boys wasn't throwing on my side. Oh, you were shut down. I was just over there baiting stuff and they was like, nah, we ain't, we ain't doing that. We, we ain't coming over there. Not with all them touchdowns he got. Yeah. But it was, it was, we had a good team though man went out there and one And, we wasn't a private school, nothing. Right. Went out there and held our own.


I You are a teammate, a high school teammate of Jock Peterson. Yeah. And Jock Peterson won two National, two World Series back to back. I think he played with the 49. I think he did. The Giants Ja The Giants. It was the, the team he was on before the Diamondbacks now. Yeah. He won one with the Braves and he won one with the Dodgers. Hold on. In 2009 he had 30 catchers, 650 yards, nine touchdowns. You had 25 catchers. Four and 84 yards, several touchdowns. Hey man, it was, it was his show. One thing people don't know, they see him now and he didn't, you know, he a baseball dude. He ain't, he ain't gotta look like, like us when, when they get out there. So it, it is hard to like think about it. But Jock was really the ja the jack of all trades though.


Really? He was, he was that guy. He, basketball, football, baseball. Like he, he ain't need the academics. He just needed to be able to graduate high school. 'cause he went and got drafted right outta there. 'cause he could do it all though. Honestly. Wow. People didn't know that about him. But he was somebody that I looked up to when I first started football. I mean you said he was a great football player. Obviously baseball 'cause he made it to the majors. Basketball. I'm looking at some of the athletes from the Bay, Brady, bill, Russell, Barry Bond, Jason Kid, gp, Dane, excuse me. Rest his soul. OJ where's Devonte in that, that list. Oh, oh, he in there somewhere. That's for sure. You, you got, Hey, if, if we putting jerseys up on the wall, mine gonna be in there.


It Gonna be with it's all said done. When you done with this game. I don't know if they gonna put it right by times, but they going, they gonna put it on. Right. I I'm deffinitely I'll be over there somewhere at least near, near near Damon, oj. Right. So you, great. So you said you took, at first you were like, you joked around in class. Grades weren't a big thing. So is that why you didn't get an opportunity to go to Cal because of your grades? The grades? They just, they came in, man, were They really bad? I mean I was, I Was. Could you have gotten in prison with them grades? Yeah, I y'all Exactly. Hey, I, I said like this man. Yeah. I was flirting with, with being eligible, which is, which is really, really bad.


That's not, that's not good by any means. I was, I was hovering around like a, like a 2.0 like, like right there. Right. You know, and that's, and that was factored in with PE grades in there too. So, so it was, you know, I definitely wasn't doing nothing that would attract Stanford. You know, Stanford, my high school here, El Camino right here in Stanford is literally right here. And them boys wanted nothing to do with your boy. 'cause they like, we gonna, we gonna give you a, a scholarly just for, for it to go to waste. Like, you ain't, you ain't showing that you Right. You got what it takes to be able to even, you know, did you Want to go to Stanford? I never really had an interest. I always wanted to go to Cal. Okay. That was, that was a school I I wanted to go to real bad. It was Cal Oregon at that point. Just, it was, you know, Marshan being somebody I grew up around.


Right. Seeing, seeing him and Dja like they, they made college football in the, in the Bay area look like, like big time ball. Like them boys in Clemson and in like what you see on the East coast and in the south, like it was, it was the closest thing resembling to that. And it looked more fun honestly. 'cause them boys took it over they self. Right. So that's where I always wanted to go. But that's another, I mean any, any ucs, they gotta see something that's going to stand out. So. Right. It ended up turning into two offers. You know, they, they called me a two star, but I think that that's closer to a one star. Right. And, and you know, having, having San Diego State come and offer me in class and actually one of the coaches that they offered me walked into the class called the teacher out teacher that got us in there. We just sitting in there for like, probably 30 seconds.


He walked back in, offered me a scholarship in front of the class and say to the class, this scholarship's gonna go to waste if he don't pick his grades up. And that was one of the most embarrassing moments I think I ever had in my life. Because mind you, I'm the guy at the school, right. So like, ain't nobody at the, in that class or at the school going to try me in a way like that. But what am I gonna do? Like respond. Like I wanna him be like, get on him about that. So I'm just sitting there just with the, with the stank face. Just mad and, and salty about it. But, But you know, it's true. It lit a fire though. It did. And and at that point I never really, you know, when you young like that, I wouldn't say that I was doing enough in, in hoop my first two years to where I was get a, a offer that early.


You got the guys that come in as in the, you know, like the Aaron Gordons. Right. And, and, and people like that that, that I played hoop with in that area where, you know, he's six seven and doing all that dunking, they got scouts and stuff at every game. So those type of dudes get offered in eighth grade sometime. Right. But I wasn't doing enough to, at that point, I don't think my, my game had matured enough. And then it got to a point even by my, my senior year where I was getting a lot more attention. But at that point I had already made up my mind and thankfully got my grades together, end up taking eight classes, you know, your junior and senior year. You start gearing down, you done took the most of 'em. So you finishing up, you almost decide when you wanna go doing the Least Possible. Yeah. So I got eight classes my senior year and then so full day, every single day.


Yeah. And then I had to, when I graduated high school, I was headed to Fresno State but still had to take another course because I had taken a class that wasn't in the, I wasn't like on the eligibility DD one eligibility. Right. So the class that I actually did pass and do well in didn't even count. So I graduated high school and gotta take a summer school course while these boys is in training camp for in college. My whole class is there. I'm taking a class just to still get into Fresno State. So that's actually why I ended up redshirting because they didn't get to really assess me in, in training camp. 'cause everything took so long. But you agree those two seasons that you played 24 touchdown catches in a season eight more than anyone else in college football. You averaged two touchdowns a game had 14 catches a year before led the nation with 131 catches, 117 yards, 24 24 touchdowns.


Bro, you put that work in. We did. And and honestly it's a, it's a, it's a blessing in disguise. I think that I was able to red shirt that year. 'cause that first year, like getting acclimated, I went in, I took advantage. I went to work. I felt kind of slighted that they, they redshirted me 'cause I felt like they knew enough about me to have me on that field. But we had a lot of guys going at that point. And I don't know if I would've been able to make that same initial splash in the college football the way that I did had I played that year. Right. So I think that it worked out better. I got scout team player of the year. I was wearing Keenan, Allen's jersey number. You know, you put the little pennies on Yeah. To go out and mimic him. Yeah. And I was taking full advantage learning him and you know, he ended up turning into like one of my idols.


Right. And I ended up telling him like couple years into the league and you know, he, he one of my good friends now because of, you know, essentially just having to model my game after him, you know, playing against them week one, my, that first game. I said, man, I'm about to kill these boys all year. And I took that, you know, I took all the onus to get better and use that year for what it was. And then came in that year, like you said, a hundred over a hundred catches and you know, 13, 114. And then the next year they sitting there. Well how he gonna follow that up? Well then I came back and, and doubled the touchdowns and then, you know, one 30 and 1700. And at that point with Derek leaving and me being in the position that I was and what I'd already solidified, I felt like I'm leaving too.


I was gonna hurt myself more. Right. By staying because I mean, what you wanna see 2000 yards before you believe that And, we played the freaking 12 games. Right. You know what I mean? Like it's, I was getting it in and I felt really good. I felt like I put everything I could on tape and you know, being, being a little bit younger, getting in a league of Gimme a little bit more time in the league too. So it just so happened to work out, you know. Great timing In the 2014 draft. Can you name the eight receivers that were drafted before you? Sammy Watkins fourth overall. Mike Evans seventh overall. Odell 12th overall. B cook's 20th overall. Kevin Benjamin 28th overall. Marques Lee was the first pick of the second round, I believe. Then we got Paul Richardson, Jordan Matthews.


And then I think one seven came in there right after that. If I, if I don't if I, that's it. If I didn't mess that up, That's it. Yep. Yeah. Sammy Watkins, Mike Evans, Odell Beckham Jr. Brandon Cooks, Kelvin Benjamin, Marquis Lee, Jordan Matthews. Paul Richardson. Yeah. Jordan was right before Paul. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But that, that draft, thinking about it, you had Aaron Donald in that draft. Javian, Conney, Khalil Mack, Teddy Bridgewater, Derek Carr, Jimmy g Jarvis, Landry, Christian Kirksey. What I mean, what was your rookie year in Green Bay? Did you think you should have played more or you played about as much as you thought you should or deserved or earned the right to play? Well, I say this, I wasn't, I didn't have any issues with how much I played because I feel like I got a, a substantial amount of snaps.


I felt like maybe I could have gotten used a little bit more and maybe that would've even helped advance my, you know, my progression as a receiver in this league to help going into that next year. You know, but having different times where, and it's, that's just the reality of it. You come in and you got Jordan Nelson and Randall Cobo on the team and you come in and you not playing, like I said, like how Odell did when he first got in. If I was doing that and, and wasn't getting the ball, then maybe I would feel differently. But I don't think my game was at that point, you know? And, and that's one of my, my best traits. And somebody gave me this compliment the other day and it was actually like one of the best compliments anybody could ever given me, said, Tay, I really feel like you the most self-aware person that I ever met.


And, and I really, I, it meant a lot to me because I'm, I'm really good about being honest with myself and I'm not gonna sit here and tell you that I should have been a pro bowler that year or my second year. I should have been getting the ball like some of these dudes because you gotta play like it. And my confidence wasn't at the spot that where I want, you know, 10 targets, 15 targets a game, right? Because when you not confident playing this position, you not gonna be able to be successful unless you standing by yourself out there. So you gotta get open, you gotta do all the stuff that it takes to be great. And then once you, you know, accumulate enough stack success, that's when you get to a point where you feel like, okay, now this thing should be my show. And then that ended up happening.


But that first year I didn't necessarily feel that way. How much did social media impact you? The first two years the fans wanted Jeff, Janice to play. They hashtag Janice over Adam over Adams. Yep. But your mom like, hold on. Y'all ain't here to talk about my baby like this here. A lot of my people felt that way. And honestly Jeff, Jeff is, I love Jeff to today.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am A loyal viewer, One of my very favorite Shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


So he, one of my, that's one of my favorite teammates I ever had. We still talk, he still, honestly, to this day, I think Jeff might talk more shit to me than anybody that I've ever played with. Like Jeff, Janice, don't care man. And that And, we, we came in together And, we were real tight. So I, I got nothing but respect for him. But, you know, so it has nothing to do with him. But I just thought that just people were just insane making some of the claims that they were making. 'cause it's like, what, what are you expecting out of a young player coming in, you know, first just getting my feet wet. I've shown you that, that, that there's some, you know, I showed a little promise early, had some hiccups. But the fact that people be ready to just give up on folks the way that they do, especially after they know that they can play.


Right. You know, it just, it, it kills me. And that's why I feel like it's my responsibility now to show love to the proper people no matter what they going through in the, you know, as it pertains. We come on here And, we talk about somebody that's struggling in the league. I'm not gonna lie to you, but if it's somebody that I feel like does, like we talk about Aidan, people want to say, oh, he not the answer this and that. Well, what are you basing that off of? Have you, do you have a large enough sample size to really, truly feel that way? Or are you saying that because this man on TV said that and he's shaping the way that you feel about, you know, about the game? And I've always said like, I wish that I could even start this now and put some money in to get it going. But I wish the fans had the ability to access practice, film and really see that way they could, they could determine who they really, really like and who is really the best, right?


'cause if you got to see people working on a day in and day out basis and go in and watch, lemme see what Tay did in seven on seven today. Lemme see in a team, period four how he played when they, when they did move the ball period. Lemme see how he did And. if you got the chance to come in and watch me work, it wouldn't even be, I mean, I know some, some guys out there getting it in and practice and they post they videos and they do all that. I don't do the social media proving, trying to prove to the world right, that I'm out here grinding. Right. You gonna see on Sunday and then the one after that, and then the one after that. And for continuous years, right? I'm gonna show you the proof is in the pudding, so I'd rather do it that way. What Do you feel your responsibility as a receiver, as a, because a lot of times, and, and, and sometimes quarterbacks don't take this approach.


My job is not to get him ready, but MVS gave you a lot of credit that says you taught him how to run the routes. You taught him how to be professional. What role do you think you play, you play as a veteran guys helping the young guys get ready to play? I mean, that my leadership role is, is been prevalent for, I mean really since about, I would say honestly 20, 20 17, probably the year before Marquez and them got in the league. That's when it got to a point where I was the, you know, for sure the, the number one guy. And, and it was, it was essentially my show on offense. So I've, I've been real secure about myself as a player. So I, I don't, I don't feel like me going in, or I'll say this, I feel like I'm doing a disservice to the team and my, and the, and my fellow whiteouts by not giving them all the knowledge that I've gotten.


Because honestly, a a part of what's making it harder year by year is when you know so much and you and you truly understand the game, you can't just be coached by just anybody. Right? Because now I'm, I'm not just about to buy in. Like if, if you come in the league and you don't know much, it's easy to have whatever coach, you got this old dude telling you this and that, yeah, you just gonna go because he's the coach, right? But once you have real experience and you really know yourself, and I've learned from some real gurus, right? Keith Williams, my receiver coach from Fresno State who's with the Saints now, right? He's taught me 90% of what I know, mentality, wise technique, all of that to where now walking into a room, I gotta be with a guy like Edgar Bennett that he understands that I know.


So that we work together when it's time to, you know, put together the, the individual part of, of practice, right? We talk about what drills you want to do. 'cause I'm not about to get out there and do no drills that That's not gonna help me in The game. It gotta translate. I'm looking at dudes working out in the off season, these dudes working out with, with the, the, the whiteout prince and the and and king routes and, and this and that. I'm like, who is that dude? Why have we not seeing him run routes in the league if he, if he know all this? You know what I'm saying? And it don't always mean that you had to have played to be a good coach, right? So I'm not saying that, but when I see a dude simulating a, a kick return and they throwing trash cans at him, I'm like, what are we doing? How is that making you better at football? So you could, you could say you're getting it in and yeah, you doing, just say you're doing cardio 'cause you're not getting better at football.


You, it's better than sitting at the crib, right? But you ain't getting better at football. And I'm not about to be having nobody throw no trash cans at me in practice to as simulate a defender trying to tackle me. Right? So having a guy like, like EB and, and AP and being able to work with a coach in, in situations like that, I feel like it helps me be myself, which I can now shed that on, you know, Trey Tucker or or Jacoby Myers And. we work together that way I can, you know, shed all of the knowledge and the light that I have and, and help them. Like it's, it is not one meeting that go by where we watching practice tape and I'm sitting here like this and I'm just sitting here just taking notes on what I'm doing. At some point I'm gonna be, Hey Tuck like you, if if you running this like make sure right before you at the top, like I need a real hard burst.


He gotta feel that you going deep. If you running that, that, that corner pump stop or whatever it is, that last piece, you gotta sell that, that that's what's gonna get him to do it. 'cause these dudes always ask me how you work on the releases, like what drills you do. I say, you know what I do every single time I got a a, somebody pressing. I don't just take that as an opportunity to get lazy and just run around him or do some BS at the line working. I'm, I'm working every single time. And what that does in turn is instill fear in that man. 'cause now he know, oh this the, this the guy with the releases. So then half the time it just make it easy 'cause these dudes just retreat 'cause they done see me work. So many dudes to where now it's just operation don't get abused versus try to be aggressive and really stop 'em. Yeah. And that just makes your job easier when you in the driver's seat like that.


Everything should be to set up everything else. Correct. I'm running, I'm running, I'm running. Trust me, when I run a particular route, oh I got another route in mine that I'm, that I'm running off this. Oh, a hundred. You just don't know it a hundred but it's gonna come up in the fourth quarter. Oh yeah. I promise you It is. And I done talked to these boys about my mentality, like I run a route. 'cause you ain't gonna be wide open on everything. No. So you gotta guy, they get paid too. They get paid too, man. They get a knock. Like You tell my coach, Hey, you gotta beat him on that. Yeah. I said he got a check last week too. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And I don't even know. So I'm, I'm gonna share some light on something that I've never even shared. I've done a few podcasts but I, I never even shared this, but I talked to my teammates about it and I be telling the dbs too and they just laugh at me for it. But they understand and they, they know it's a whole different, it's a whole different cerebral approach to this game that I have.


Right. I'll run a comeback on you right here. You may see it a little bit better than the next man and get on it. You might be in my hip pocket on it. Right? Right. I'm gonna keep coming downhill and if I, if that quarterback don't throw that ball, I'm gonna stick my foot in the ground so quick and make you think it was a double move and kill you on that. Right. When really it was just a comeback. Right? But now your ass thinky got killed after you thought you was on me. I done pumped it through the hand up and I'm jumping like, oh the ball, I need the ball. When really you guarded that wheel. Yeah, You had it covered, But now your ass stinky got played that seed. So now you it's gonna make him different where I got comeback the next time he, he gonna be a little bit more apprehensive My bike jumping it. Exactly. So Lemme ask you this. You, you look, a lot of people say you're, you know, you're not one of the great route runners in today's game.


I've studied you, I've watched you, you one of the great route runners of all time. And when I talk route runners, I'm talking about Jimmy Smith. I'm talking about Keen McCardle, I'm talking about Flipper Anderson. My brother was a great route runner. Ochocinco ab no matter what you think about ab and he's, he's dealing with what he's dealing with. He's taking shots at me. But I thought he was a phenomenal receiver beat was second to none. Who did you study? Tay Man, I I, it was, it was, it was a little bit of everybody. Honestly. I I'm the type of dude now that I truly feel like, not that people didn't already know Calvin Ridley and oh, and these guys, but this, this is somebody that Mark Cooper All coop, all the dudes like it. You got the guys that's in the front, like you got the Julios the abs that obviously you can't help but to watch that tape.


But when I'm watching it, like if you want to go a little bit older, I mean like Santana like seeing, seeing Santana and watching Santana Ocho and, and Andre Johnson on YouTube at the park in Miami in like 2007 and Young AB was there with him, with the, with the, you know, the little box, Little Weird or whatever. Like I'm watching, I'm thinking about stuff like that where I'm watching Santana Moss do his thing. I'm watching a Calvin Ridley. I might turn on some, you know, whoever it might be a dude that's the number three receiver. It's a, it is a dude that was over in, in, you gotta forgive me for forgetting his name in on the, in the moment.


But the dude that was over in with the Falcons slot, dude, little, little smaller dude. Okay. Just, just recently though. He was, he was just there. But guys like that, that I'm, I'm, I'm watching and and you may not even, these dudes ain't gonna be on SportsCenter, but I'm watching what he doing, right. Because that could help me create Weapon X where I grab a piece of that, I watch Calvin. 'cause I wanna see a, a dude go up and snatch the ball. Dez is a dude that I grew up really studying because just watching, like you talking about a dog going up and getting in, just, just a different type of aura out there on the field like that, that type of swag that you carry, that, that helped me add to the type of player and the, and the type of aura that I got on the field that I feel like that as you know, that that helps you too, right?


Some dudes come in and they, they worried about you and they, they already mentally psyched out and scared because they done seen the tape and then they feel you on the field like that too. And the way you walk around and you walk around like you really that that, that dude, I, I'm him then, You know, it's, it's gonna make 'em, they sitting there, I'm watching them do they little backpedal and they peeking watching me run my routes and warmups and I turn around and I'm damn sure looking at you the whole way, but I'm not looking at you to, to evaluate you. Yeah. I'm looking at you so you know, I'm looking at your ass and I'm and I'm here and because I know you watching me. Right? So it's that type of feel. Like I, I get a little bit from, from different guys in, in different ways to kind of, you know, blend it together and, and make me, Lemme ask you this. I had a problem. You know what used to bug me? I catch 700 balls in practice.


It then come Gametime, they throw me three and then once some weeks I go, I get like five balls the whole week and then y'all throw me four. I'm like, bro, This, I need some consistency. That's, I need some consistency. That's, I I hate that. And honestly to, to be honest, I never really had to deal with that too much. Especially with, with Aaron because You know, you get your, We practice the way, the way we play, right? Like and the way that both of us got, the reason why I walk around on Sunday the way I do is because I did it a million times. Jerry Rice came to the house. I did a panel with him in 2018. We shoot it back and forth and talked to him. I asked him in, in 2018 Super Bowl Atlanta. I said like, why? It just looks so easy for you out there. Like what was it, like, what's the secret as to why you go out there?


You catching every ball got get the, get the, the ya yards and all this. Like, what was it? He said, I never caught a ball because I saw it. I, I caught it 'cause I saw it before. So them, them, them reps and just that repetition of this ain't the first time where you running down the field and I'm running a post. And it done been times where it's like a quick flash of practice where I really remember catching that ball and it's like almost like a sense of deja vu because I take those reps so serious that it makes it that much easier. You know, come Gametime Something you probably never seen Jerry die for a ball. I, I can't, I play, I can't channel one. He didn't, he didn't have some, some boys that can throw it, that's for sure. Yeah. But yeah. And in Seattle he was probably too old to be on that class.


Yeah. That, that might've been the only time. But, so did you ever go, Hey, did you ever go to, did you ever tell Aaron or did you go to the court, Hey, gimme a look on this one. A hundred percent. I, I never really had to, but there's been times the, the one time, and we've already talked about this so I can say it, but the, the game winner 2017, right? Right after I came back from a concussion, I got smacked by Danny Trevethan. Okay. I don't know if you remember that one. I, yeah, the, the late and then we had it like four days later had to go play on a, on a Thursday or on a, on a Sunday or whatever it was. The second to last play of the game, he throw me a fade. So I think it's like 12, 13 seconds left in the game or something like that.


Throw me a fade. And he, and he threw it quick and, and and too high, right? And so I go up spinning, but I can't get it, get it. I run back to the huddle and he get ready, he get in the call. I said, he said, come. I said, throw that, throw it again. I said, throw it again. He never heard me had that type of energy. I said, throw it again. And I just started leaving the huddle. Like I, I'm not, I don't even wanna hear the play. We, we need to do that again. He said, reload it. Did it again. Waited a second, threw it right before Lewis turned his head just a little bit lower right here, back shoulder. Caught it spinning, threw that thing six grand later. I had to pay for that in the, in the, in the stands. But having those type of moments is what really, like led to us being who we ended up being right. Was challenging each other.


And me not being afraid, knowing that we had that type of connection to say, Hey man. And, and for a guy like Aaron, he like, I, I ain't had too many dudes come back and tell me what to do. Right? So that, that that's confidence and that just displayed confidence and that led to him, you know, and, and when you have those moments, those are the most gratifying moments. 'cause if I tell him to do that, and then I'm gonna mess it up. Now you look stupid and it ain't gonna work. And that, that could, that could really hurt you. It Hurt your relationship on the field. Yeah. Long term. Lemme ask you this. Were you, do you talk on the field? You talking about like trash talk trash Look, I, I really, I, I do and I don't. I I used to a lot when I first got in, like I, I kind of was chilling and trying to figure it out.


Then I, once I started figuring it out, I started talking. Like in college I was, I was a big shit talker. Then it got to a point where now, man, I find like, I don't, I don't want to, I don't wanna sound bad saying this, but I, I find value in just like, almost looking through some dudes, man. Like boys be out there trying to talk. Like, it's certain people that I talk to like, like, like not playfully in a sense that we talking, but it's like a, like a like a respect thing. Yeah. Like me and SA was playing like, we gonna say some stuff to each other, like he make a play or whatever, we gonna say something to each other, but it ain't like, I wanna fight this dude after this or whatever. It's more like just two, two alphas going at it. Right. You, you gonna have some interaction or whatever. But it's never nothing that's too crazy. But to the point now where if you, if I feel like you don't need to be talking to me like you ain't there, like that's, that's how it was with, with Richard Sherman my, my rookie year.


Yeah. Like I see this dude out there talking or ake to leave. I see the way they was talking to dudes and I'd be like, okay, it is about to be one of 'em games. I get in there and them boys wasn't even entertaining me. I was like, that felt different for me. Like, I'm like, okay, this man, every game he got a guy, like, he in his head he talking, but he not even, you know, he like, I'm not even gonna get it to, to this dude. Like, he, he ain't, You ain't even worth my, you ain't even worth my Words. Exactly. And that's how they, and that's what I felt. At least that's how I took it. So I said, I need to get to the point where I'm gonna start making dudes feel like that you wanna talk. I'm like, I hit somebody. I ain't gonna say what team it was, but I hit somebody last year. I'm going back and forth with a, with a dude that I had respect for. So we, we talking kind of on the same type of thing as sauce.


It was a little nastier, but that's kind of how me and him would get down in the game. And then somebody else came around that was, that was also a good player, right? He said something. So I started getting on him and I'm, I'm kind of getting in him a little bit. And then, and his, his teammate, he kind of like trying to like, you know, put his hand in between like, like, all right, that like chill, whatever. And then another dude came over and said something, I must have, I did that to him. He, oh, all right, all right, all right. He did that and then, and then his, his teammates got the laugh. They said, bro, go back to the huddle, bro. And I'm like, get him, like stay outta grown folks. Business like that, that type of, you know what I mean? You know, growing up your, your dad would be like, Hey, don't you can't be in the living room right now. Like, you go down there and sit in the dance for a minute.


That's how I feel like I, I'd rather, I'd rather do him like that, you know, if you worthy than maybe I will, but even for the most part, man, I'd just rather get out there and just ball, like game hard enough to, and, and I play too many plays to be out there messing around talking to you all Day. I know there was, there was a, there was a conversation being held. Officer Rivers said he know 30 dudes and the NBA right now didn't go play NFL. Yeah. He said, but there ain't nobody in the NFL that could play in the NNBA. Yeah, that's, look, I ain't trying to go viral. Look, I'll say this, I, I understand what, what he's, what he's saying.


These NBA dudes are extremely athletic. They be six eight and being able to move similar to what a football player will be doing out there. But we not talking about going and doing a a a combine, we talking about the physicality that come with To go play in the FL game And, and being callous enough to understand like, like if my dad run out there and just fall on the ground right now, he gonna be hurting. Yes. Let alone getting hit and then falling on the ground. Correct. Like, I think like just think about somebody that, you know, that even, even when you were in the league, somebody that was your age, think about them just getting hit, let alone. Like that's not even the fall part. Think about many people, you know, that done fell and got hurt.


Yeah. Let alone getting smacked and, and hitting dude fall On top of you. You fall on the ground, the ground hard, you fall that hurt and dude fall on top of you. Boom, Boom, boom, boom, boom. Boy, all of that is going on. And that's what the whole game is. Yes. These dudes ain't getting outta one football game, let alone talk about being able to play in the NFL. Yeah. There's zero shot. Yeah. I don't know who I would pick. You could look at some of the, the, the physical specimens. You got some Julio looking dudes in the, in the NBA maybe. Yeah. But I'm saying that they had had, look, had LeBron or Russell Westbrook or some of these other guys chosen A hundred percent. Yes. That's Different. But did Jews go and say, oh, here's the helmet Harrison, some shoulder pads go play.


No. No, sir. No. I, I can't get behind that and say that now it's, it's a, it is a hard enough argument and, and I'm not here to say more NFL could go to the NBA versus the other way around. Right. But if you, if you ask me, I, I know a handful of guys that, that I know could have made that, you know, and, and I'm saying even done this from the initial point, right. Not like now, like Right. It's tough, man. Like for sure you got, first of all, you gotta be big as hell and all the big dudes is the big dudes in the NFL. So what you, you ain't gonna put co miller, he's six eight, but who, who he gonna go guard on the per on the perimeter? Nobody. That's what I'm saying. You know what I'm saying? Right. Like, I'm not, I'm not gonna sit here and act like it's, it is easy, but I coulda did it. But, But I think, I think football players are the most athletic.


They can jump the highest. They can run the fastest. They're the strongest. They're the Toughest. Yeah. Now, I'm not saying that other, other sports, baseball or whatever sports, but I'm talking about if you talk about athlete for athlete football, baseball, basketball, football, as far as vertical jump, because we vertical jump standing still. Yep. They get a step. They running jump. They get a run. Even for the combine. They get for The combine. Yeah. If I, as far as Flat out speed a ability. Oh no. Yeah. It's, it is not even close. These dude, like I said, the physical aspect is just one piece. Yeah. But then when you get into the speed and, and you know, they, they, they agile. But just being able to move on grass is different. Yeah. It is. Is And plus y'all got like four plays in basketball. We got 150, we gotta remember it's a whole different, and a dude and a dude try to knock your block off And And, we gonna change the play.


We, you might get three calls in the huddle too. These boys don't even be going to college for more than five minutes, half the time in the NBA. So I don't know how much they gonna be able to retain like that. Yeah. We, we got too much gold, we got too much on our plate. I'm Telling you. Who's your favorite NBA player? Damien Lili. Damn. That was quick. Yeah. And then because he from the ba you just like his game or that's your, his game. Remind you of your game. First of all, that's like my brother. So yeah. Okay. So I like that. I like Dollar. There's the, there's a sense of loyalty there. But then when you talk about like, if I had to go pick 10 dudes to go to like, physical war with Yeah. Like, like that's one of them boys, he gonna be frontline with me and he, 'cause he, we just, we cut from the same cloth.


So that's the anybody that got the same type of mentality, been through the same type of stuff from the same area. So we, we experience a lot of the same things and share a mindset and just the style. Like we, we, we ain't celebrities. We people know me because of football. Right. They don't know me because I'm a, a fashion icon or whatever. I mean, I be dripped out. Oh yeah. You got, you know, I'm saying you got a D with I got it on Jack. Yeah. You see it's gonna be on. But they don't know me because of that. Yeah. They know me because of football. Right. And it's a lot of dudes out here that, that are known from a lot of other stuff and Right. You know, they name, You wanna be known as a football player And that's, and that's who he is. He like, I want to be the best to, to do what I do or at least the best version of myself and I'm gonna make everybody around me better.


We've had very similar pasts, you know, around the same age and And, we just vibe. So it obviously helps it being cool with a dude. Yeah, Absolutely. You know, but before it was even to that point, like, I've always been a huge fan of him going to a school that wasn't the biggest school and then, you know, coming into the league and doing what he did, you know, basically changing what people think about a school like, like Weber. Like that's basically how they feel about Fresno now. Like Fresno was known for being the tough guys, but it wasn't like they producing talent. Right. Like, like top level all time. Y'all Know for like garlic or something, asparagus or so avocados or something. Chill. Chill. Oh, I don't know. It is definitely agriculture. We, we ag school. All right. But yeah, it, it is what it is.


But, but yeah, Dame, we, we share, we share a lot of the same values mentality. The way we feel about our, our family, our our kids and, and everything. So it, I mean it's really not even, it's not close. Who's the goat? NBA? Oh man, I forgot you. Brad Jordan Guy. Oh man. Oh man. See that? This man right here, bar none. You got, you got your, you got your LeBrons and, and I I love LeBron. So LeBron, LeBron is, is a, is a different type of dude, man. And I, and I love Kobe. I got mamba mentality on, on the inside of all my cleats and, and it's, it is a piece of all these guys that I, that I love.


But when you talk about just, I mean that he, he Randy Moss for me, right? I'm, it's a little late now. It ain't gonna happen. Do you wish you coulda like had a son early enough that you in the NFL and he in the N


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers, whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy dessert. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the leagues top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Fail too. What would that be like for Tate? Oh My God, I, well, first of all, I don't know when I would, I ain't got that many years to play to get son in the league. Well, I'm saying even from the beginning, I ain't gonna be playing that damn long to where they, but Yeah. So 20, you had to be like Tom Brady. Yeah. Right, right. I would say I wish that maybe like all, all I wanted was a healthy baby on my first child, regardless. Yeah. That was what was most important. But I wish that if I could have chosen it would've been a boy first. 'cause I feel like a boy at this point, like my daughter being in school, people starting, her classmates starting to know who I am and what's going on. And I feel like, not that she doesn't care about that and, and it, and it's not cool for her, but I feel like naturally a boy would enjoy that and and Right.


And take advantage of it a little Bit more. Yeah. You could take him in the locker room, you can have him on the sideline. Exactly. And he get like Steph Curry, like Steph Curry and his dad like he did with his dad. Exactly. You know, on the shooting the shoot ride and doing all that stuff, you See the boxes in the ring and they got their son there. Right. Like Yeah, little baby girl be in there, but she just gonna be in there just 'cause daddy in there, but son gonna be in there. Like really like seeing, like he looking like, okay, that's, I'm on the field. Okay. That's, that's, that's Jalen Ramsey over there. Like, I want him to be able to soak it in and really know my daughter don't care about Jalen Ramsey. You know what I'm saying? And, and, and I, I want my my son to be really dialed into the game while I'm in it to be able to, you know, we gonna be around the game Right. As, as long as I'm, I'm here. So he's still gonna be able to be there. Right. But I want him to have been like people, like I was telling you about my dad.


Yeah. I never really saw my dad go to work like that. So I like, I, I hear about all the legends and all of that, but I'd be like, damn, I just wish I would've been able to like experience that. Right. All y'all saying about that, like, if my son was able to see me play and be, you know, seven, eight, you know, years old watching like in me in school and really know like my dad really is the best at what he do. I feel like it's a, it's a lot of, do You, do you wish you'd had the son earlier? So are you gonna still, how about this? Are you gonna stick around long enough so he can see what dad does? See that's, that's the million dollar question, man. I I people that's, I feel like that's like the, one of the main questions I get in general now is how much, how much, how much you got left because I feel like you could, whatever, you know, it could be this or that, right?


And I say, man, I, I truly can't say that this game has given me a lot. I still feel incomplete since, you know, obviously haven't, haven't hoed that trophy yet. But I can't really give a full answer of how much longer I'm gonna do it. But, you know, if, if it keeps looking the like how it's supposed to or if we can get it back looking how it's supposed to rather, I think I, you know, I, I got a, I got a little bit more in left in me, so we, we should be able to keep pushing. How about this, I'm gonna get you outta here. I wanna ask you two questions. Gimme your Mount Rushmore basketball, gimme your Mount Rushmore football. Wideouts football or, Or no players. We can do, I'm I'm, I'm gonna ask you your top five wideouts. You can do all time and you can do current, but I want you to give your Mount Rushmore NBA players Mount Rushmore NFL players.


Okay? Always, you know, four Forehead who I think is the greatest or my favorite NBAG. Give me, give me your, my whoev what, however you wanna list it. Okay? Okay. Okay. I obviously MJ at the top, I I probably go, I'll probably go Brian second Kobe. For me, my, my favorite basketball player growing up was Allen Iverson. Okay. So, and that's, that's where I get the, the shake from in the, in what I brought over to the football world as well. So, so for me, AI is going to be probably fourth and fifth.


I could throw in my other favorite, which is probably gonna shock a lot of people. Well it shouldn't, but if, if you know me in, in the way that I played basketball, Deron Williams was, was one of my favorite basketball players. Oh. Utah. So yeah. So that's, that's, that's, that's the guys that I, that I like the most. If I had to do the greatest, it would maybe just probably swap out the fifth and Got Magic Bird Giannis, kd Yeah. Shaq up. Yeah. I probably, I probably have to say I was, I was going back and forth. I was going back and forth. See, I'm, and, and forgive me on the outside world if, if y'all don't feel the same way, but I, I never have felt obligated to throw in old greats just because they were found in fathers.


Okay. I truly think that you got to put the best basketball players and if I feel that, you know, this guy is better than, than magic or better than, and I'm not saying specifically him. Right. But whoever, I'm gonna say who I feel like I like the most. Okay. So I, I I didn't watch Kareem the way that maybe you watch Kareem. Great. So I'm not gonna put Kareem in there. Okay. He's by far one of the best of, of all time. And that's, I mean the numbers say it, the legend, all of that. But if I'm picking for me, I would probably say Shaq over over Kareem for me. Okay. Not gonna get much argument from that. Okay. Give a mo Rushmore wide receivers. Randy, Jerry, Calvin to and probably Marvin You only get four.


Oh, that's, oh, I, oh, I thought you said top five. You said Rob Mount Rushmore. Mount Rushmore. YP You said top five. I'm gonna let you have top, I'm gonna let you have top five wide receivers. So got you got, so your top five wide receiver of all time is Randy, Jerry. Yeah. TO Megatron. Calvin. Calvin third. Calvin third. T oh four. T oh Four. and Marvin. Harrison fifth. Yep. That's, that's where I'm at with my, my top five. And I guess, I guess we gonna put Marvel on the, on the bench if, if it's just a rush more so, So Marvin gotta, Marvin gotta come in. If somebody get hurt, get Nick. Hey man, he, I think he, he under, he understand what I, what I'm getting at. You know, I, I love the fact that I'm saying his name. I mean it's a lot of receivers to play this game.


Woo. So it's, it is real tough and that's another one that I was kind of on the, on the tail end of being able to watch and I still have him in my top five. Right. So that should, that should tell you as me being, you know, I'm 31 years old. Right. I feel like most people are gonna be talking, my Marvin gonna be 41 years old. Right. Gimme a top five wide receivers currently playing the Tate With, with me And you. You can put yourself in there. You can leave yourself out. Well, well I ain't leave myself out. You talking about If you want the best, I want the best, I want the best, want the best Separate list, then I best I can leave myself out. But if you saying the best one, seven, you probably gonna go 18 after that. Okay.


See, the thing is this man, I feel like Jets is he, he kind of changed this, but over the last six years there's only been one person that people can't take outta that top three. And that's me. So I feel like if you putting, if you talking about my favorite right now, I would say CD Lamb is probably going to be third for me. Fourth, I put CD fourth, re third and, and fifth is always the hardest one for me because it's too many dudes, man. It's, it's not like when I came in the league, you had the same top three guys was like the ones that get talked about. And now it's such a, it's such a passing game and these dudes is is taking whatever they taking before, before they start getting tested.


Right. And they stay in their system forever and they, they just turn into superheroes early on where you got, you know, Jamar, chase, I probably have to put Chase at, at at at five. At five. Him, him, him or him, or I don't know. My, my my egos boys over there. They they be doing their thing too. But I, I probably have to aj Yeah, aj, aj, aj. Is he another one that's real consistent and just can ball on and do it at so many different ways too. I always ask people when you, when you doing your top, your top five, it's third and eight and, and it's man to man coverage in the boundary.


That's what I'm choosing it off of. Right. I'm not choosing off of just production, I'm choosing off of who gonna get open when I need 'em to get open, man to man coverage or you know, provided to get doubled in. Do you like versatility? They can play X, they can play z, they can play slot, they can do it all. You, Everybody that I listed does do that. And, and that's, that's how I feel. 'cause I'm, I'm, I'm, you know, starting 2017, that's when I started really getting in a slot like that. Right. And and I feel like if you can't get it, I feel like it's harder to get outside. Right. So I like, if, if you are only a slot guy, it's hard for me to put you as a top. Yeah, for sure. Five receiver in the league because once you get in there, it's just a lot less room out there. It's you, you're a lot more limited on the route you can run.


So you gotta be able to really create separation and, and operating in a foam booth. Right. And that's, you know, when I think about what's led to me having a successful career, it is that exact thing. So that's, I probably have to put Chase at that five right now. Just, just the way he playing Coach Belichick said you are a hall of Fame wire receiver. You have 872 catches, little less than 11,000 yards, almost triple digit touchdowns, nine five touchdowns. When it's all said and done is Devonte Adams a slam dunk first by the Hall of Famer When it's all said and done. I think that there shouldn't be a question about it. I think in today's world that you not many dudes get they flowers at at, you know, during, so I think a lot of times, just like when people die and then they turn into everybody favorite rapper, you know, that's how it goes.


Yeah, for sure. You start posting, everybody listening in to Nipsey now and you know, five minutes after he got killed and it's like, I never heard you, I've been hanging out with you for 10 years. Nobody mentioned Nipsey And you always playing music. I ain't never heard one Nipsey song come out your phone now. That's how I feel. I feel like that's how they kind of do. Especially now it's getting a little watered down with so many successful White House. Right. It's starting to take the value of, you know, some of the things I've done down and, but I think, you know, provided I keep doing it, you know, I I had 1500 yards, 21, 1500 yards in, in 22. If I do that two more times now we in the top 10 all time.


Right? And, and it's only so many people With over a hundred touchdowns. And I'm gonna have that hopefully in the first few games. So if you're looking at the numbers or if you're looking at the tape, I, I truly believe that it is nothing to talk about. What can we expect from the Netflix series Wide outs. They follow you, they follow you. JJ Kittle, Deebo and St. Aman, St. Pride. What can we expect? What, what is, what is the audience? Not the Raiders, Raiders audience, but what is the audience as a whole that doesn't know Devonte, that probably wasn't Packers fan or not Raiders fan? What can they expect to see from you in this film? You gonna see just a 100% unfiltered. I mean I, I had a, I had a, a mic on me every single game twice a week in practice.


They, they went in and followed some of the, some of the private life taking my kids to gymnastics, you know, birthday party at the house. Right. They gonna see just, just the, the real te and you know, you can, you can watch an interview and you can hear, and obviously I come on here with you doing stuff for, for ESPN you ain't gonna see the real nobody. Right. But when you, when you, you know, a little interview after the game, you just gonna get the, the the post-game interview type person. But you come on here you see a little bit more personality, me sitting here talking with you. But then the more you get that unfiltered in the home, you know, going around town and, and daily, you know, a day in the life type type, you know follow, they gonna See that dog, they gonna see that dog Taha, They gonna be able to really see what I'm about and, and the way that I talk, the way I think and hopefully get a lot more respect and hopefully they already got a lot of respect.


But, but you know, the people that maybe don't truly understand what I'm about, they'll, they'll be able to get a real up close picture at that 'cause to be real with you. When that mic was on, it was, it was on so much that you forget it, it got to a point that I didn't even think about it. And they ain't telling you, Hey, your mic is on, you know, whatever we get in the game and I wasn't sitting here saying something rah rah. Like it was, you know, like, like how Jarvis did them boys on what's the, what's the little hard knocks the hard knocks in the room and he hit him with the, I'm not doing none of that to, for the tv none of it was for tv. Right. You got you, you ain't getting nothing for show. You got everything for show. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. So, so I like that. That's that's what, that's what you gonna get from me at all times. And I had a couple teammates that was having trouble with it 'cause I be, they was feeling like they was gonna get in trouble when I'm sitting here being me on the sideline, you know, displeased with a, a drive we had or a call that was made or whatever.


And I don't even know exactly what's gonna be aired And if you're gonna see certain things, but I'm gonna be me regardless. Right. So when that might get on there, you just gonna hear what would be happening all the time. So when you in the fifth row and you see you going now be able to be able to hear, hear what was being said and sometimes it's gonna be some good stuff and sometimes it's gonna be some, some real passion and I want them to understand that that's, that's the real me. And I wanted to make sure that I told the people that came to the house and to record the way they shot everything. I said, I don't want no corny stuff on here. I don't want nobody thinking that this is for TV or whatever. Like yeah. I want them to, to know that whatever they getting here is the real you is what they have not seen yet.


But what has been, you know, occurring this entire time. Tell you, you were married, you settled down and it seems like you decided to get married at an early age. What made you decide to do that and do, was it hard for you to make that, make that decision? It wasn't hard at all. I, I, one of the first people I met at Fresno State was my, my wife now and a great friend before we even got to the point where we were boyfriend and girlfriend. So when I came in I had a girlfriend from, from high school, so we couldn't really vibe the way we wanted to. I got this beautiful girl that lived in the same apartments as me, And, we, we were just truly vibing. Right. And I, you know, I respected and, and you know, not that I would've been like this, but she not the type of girl that would've been cool with me trying to get at her with a girlfriend anyway.


Right. So you Broke it off with Ms. Wack home When, when that, when that fell apart, she had a boyfriend at the time and then it just so happened that, you know, and then I was, I was single just chilling, hanging out. And then when they, when they stopped they thing we ended up hanging out as friends again, And, we would, you know, go eat. But it wasn't even dates, it was like just legitimately kicking it. I would walk downstairs, her apartment was like on the floor below me and then like down the hall a little bit. Did you walk a little heavier when you was walking by like letting her know that that was you coming by? I Did. Well I be walking by her, her, her bedroom was right by where I had to come in my little gate to get into the stairs. So I come through hoo hoo know what I'm saying? Make sure she knew I was there and walked through and then, you know, we started hanging out and I knew right away that this was, this is a really solid wifey material.


You never know right away if you're gonna marry the person. Right. But I knew this is wifey material for sure. Like never been kissed. So I'm, I'm like this, I need to make sure you, the longer you go in life trying to find one, they just going through more stuff and now you gotta worry about what they've been doing the last 12 years as a adult. Yeah. So we got together when we was still kids. Right. You know, at this point. So because You gotta understand that when you marry somebody, you date somebody, you dating their childhood, You dating their childhood and, and they and their past and they adulthood Well Yeah. What they Don and, and and they going, they gonna fabricate some stuff now. Especially if they done been through something. So they gonna fabricate. Oh yeah. You know, I, whatever. But it's, it's a real truth and it's some people that know the real truth out there. Right. And I don't, me being me, I don't need to be worried about something like that.


Right. So, you know, honestly I never really pictured myself getting married before the age of 30. And here I am, you know, engaged in and married, you know, by 26. So I'm like, this, this is, this is something solid. Especially me being me. It's not easy finding somebody that just wanna be around. 'cause 'cause you are who you are. Right? Like, as a, as a true person, they wanna be around you because you are who you are in the, in the public eye and they want that, the, the money or they want the attention and the notoriety just to be around it. And I'm not that type of dude. I don't, I don't have nobody in my camp. I rarely even kick it with a lot of NFL dudes. I'm always with the people I grew up with, so. Right. That's how I, that's how I get down and people I went to college with and stuff like that.


So it's just, I just stay true to myself, man. I'm gonna find somebody that's that match with me. Well and just so happened to happen real early and, and, and I'm, I thank God for that. Really. I'm gonna get you outta here on this one. What do you guys have to do to Deron the Kansas City chief? We gonna have to win a Super Bowl For real. I mean, at this point we, we, we beat him the last time we played him. Right. So we went out there day after my birthday, played 'em on Christmas and, and that was a great treat. Even though I didn't go out there and have a great game, I was ecstatic. Right. Because last time I played in that stadium, it was a bad, we lost the game. You know, I, I was able to step on their neck a little bit, but we lost the game, left the game and got in trouble.


Did a, you know, I had this situation happen, right? So being in there on Christmas with, with the squad, you know, you, you're a long way from home, it's cold. And to go in there and beat them in their own stadium, that was a good feeling. But them boys still win, won the Super Bowl. So they like, okay, you won the battle, but we won the war. Right. So we gotta, we gonna have to do a little bit more. And I think we got the potential as a team. We just got to put it all together at this point. What's it like seeing Patrick Mahomes play up close? It's do people get a, do really understand how great he is? I think they do because I think it's enough people on TV making sure they know and, and he do his job to make sure that they see it consistently. Yeah. Time after time. Sure. And he's a game changer.


He didn't have so many different times. The game that sticks out to me is not last year, even the year before, it was like three years ago, they was playing the Texans in the playoffs and he was getting they head beat in. They were down 24. Nothing. And I'm, I'm watching, so I'm at the crib. We got a game. So they played the early game. We got a game in Green Bay, the little, the little 4 15, 3 15, whatever. So I'm watching this, I'm like, these boys done got knocked out. I'm like, all right, let me jump in the car, hop in the ris. Of course. So I, so I whip over to the stadium, I go sit in my backpack, in the locker, dap up errand, whatever, walk by. And they got, you know, you walk in the locker room, they got the game zone good just to set the mood or whatever. And I'm like, them boys getting smacked. They like, when the last time you seen the game?


I said, bro, 20 minutes ago, what you mean? I look at the tv, these boys is winning. I said, what happened, bro? They said, pat the magician. He, he, he done did it again. I said, all right, well at this point, can't nobody ever feel good about a lead on, on on that team? You gotta you gotta play a full game for them boys and And, we did this last one, but we have to do it quite a few more times to dethrone them. Devonte Adams, ladies and gentlemen, appreciate It. Appreciate you brother. Ah, thank You. My gosh. Watch receivers on Netflix All my life. They grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, pay the price on the slice. Got the brother d the watch on my life.


I be grinding all my life. Look on,


Here we go Popeye's, here we go. What do we want? Popeye's Chicken wings. Why do we want 'em? They're The official wing of watching Football. What flavors are we going to get? All of them. Be more specific. Sweet and Spicy signature. Hot roasted garlic, Parmesan, honey, barbecue, sweet and smokey. Chipotle and honey. Lemon pepper. When do we want 'em When we're watching the game. That's right. Gametime is wing time. Woo. Let's go have that chicken from Pops and participating us restaurants.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila For a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, we've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You mix Homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway he Tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.