
Miss Stevie wanna took your girl? Yo. True story. Come on, Dionne. He got you, man. Stevie got everybody. Stevie was a Savage all my life, grinding all my life, Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the Christ, won a slice, got the brother dice the swat. All my life, I, I've been grinding all my life, all my life, been grinding all my life, Sacrifice, hustle, slice, All my life. I been grinding all my life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host Shannon Sharpe. I'm also the proprie of Club Shesha.


Today we're at Alley Lounge on 66 at Resource World Las Vegas. The guy that's stopping by for conversation and a drink today is an actor, writer, producer, and one of the great standups of his generation. He has a successful 20 plus year career in tv, film, and comedy. He's a 10 time NAACP image award winner. He's a three time Emmy nominee. He's a three time writer's Guild of America nominee. He's a two time screened Actors Guild Award nominee. The one, the only Mr. Old Spice himself. Dion. Cole. Man, that was, How was that intro? That Was great. Yo, I appreciate that, man. Thanks for stopping by. I know you're busy, but thank, I always like to thank my guests for stopping by 'cause I know they have busy scheduled and to give me a few moments of their time.


I greatly appreciate that, bro. No, thank you for your time, man. And before we start anything, I just wanted to ask you real quick, all right? Yeah. And this is what the people wanna know. Yeah. Oh, Lord, that Mercy, did you set that video up? Did you, did you, did you set that up? Did you, did you set that? The thing is, Dion, I I, what? I don't get people, people's like, well, you did that for clout, so you really tell me I'm willing to risk my good name. Right. My reputation. Thank you. I work for Disney. Yeah. Disney risk that my reputation Right.


Embarrass my family and all the potential monetary ramifications that comes along with it. For what? No, I get it. And just, I'm just saying, people were saying that they was out there, like maybe he did that because they was like, he was trying to sell product or that he was trying to tell people, trying to prove that he wasn't This the one thing I know about people, once they made their mind up on something, you're not getting them off that. Yeah. So me trying to, yeah. I know that you can't prove somebody. How do you prove or disprove something when someone is already made up their mind? Exactly. It's kind of like, you know, no matter what people say about President Trump, they're gonna have their supporters that believe him.


No matter what people say about Kamala Harris Yeah. VP people are gonna believe it. So why should I, why should I spend any time trying to defend Yeah. What I already know to be true? There it is. That's What's up, man. That's where I'm on that. Good for you, brother. I appreciate that's, you know, I have my own cognac. Anytime I have a guest by and they, I don't know if you drink or anything. I know you were downstairs having a Yeah, I, you know what? I would have a drink, but take, I was drinking recently and I'm gonna take a sip 'cause I definitely want to taste okay. But I'm, I'm not gonna drink the whole thing. No, no. I don't expect you to drink the whole thing. Don't. I'm Gonna taste It Yes. To your career, past and future. Hey, and likewise. Appreciate you, bro.


That's good. We gonna send your home with a bottle. Oh yes. Send me home with a bottle. Sexy right there. Yes, sir. We gonna talk about your Netflix special. Okay, Mister. Yeah. It's been unbelievable. Thank you. But Paul McCartney, you doing a show and then all of a sudden he hops on stage. Now the last time somebody was doing was talking and somebody hopped on stage, it didn't go well, it didn't go well, it didn't go well. So what were you thinking when he came on stage? So The whole thing was, I was, you know, I'm working on, I knew my special was coming out. So I mean, when it had just came out. Yeah. So I was working on new material.


Right. I mean, instantly to me, when specialists come out, a lot of people throw parties. I'm, I'm working. Right, okay. You know what I mean? And so I walk in the comedy club and everybody looking at me like, they saw a ghost. They like this, yo, Paul McCartney's here to see you. And I was like, this who? Paul who? And they was like, McCartney. I'm like, who's that? And they was like, Paul McCartney. I'm like, Beatles, Paul McCartney. I'm like, why is he here? Right. And he was like, to see you. I'm like, really? I said, good bullshit. And I was like, bring him up here. And because I was in the green room, right. And he came up there and He was like, so you had never met him before? No. He was like this. Hey man, how are you? IIII think you're hilarious, man.


Yeah. And I was just like, I was like, yo. So had that ever happened to you before someone like Famous or I'm talking about famous, famous wanted to meet you before you actually went on stage? Yeah. It's been times where people have seen me, man. And, and it blew me away. Like, one time I was on the show a long time ago called Angie Tribeca, and I was, we was doing something at the White House when I was at Blackish. Right, okay. Yeah. We was doing something there and Christian Bell was there and he grabbed me and was like, you are so hilarious. And I just was like, wow, Batman. That man told me I was hilarious. Right. So yeah. Every time I run into somebody like, like huge like that, and they know me, it blows my mind.


I ran in a male street one time and she was like, man, I love, I I love what you do. And you know, when you get these, these moments, man, it, it, it, it val it validates the, the naysayers that I've al always hated on you or it, it, it, it puts you in perspective because you would be trying to appease these people knowing that these great icons love what you do. And then it, then you go, okay, you know, I don't even care what y'all talking about. Right. You know what I mean? Happy with Eddie Murphy and you know, it's just meeting these people and, and, and it validates you. You know? Did you know Paul McCartney was such a big fan of Yours? I had no idea. No. So this is what happened. He, from what I hear, this is what the story that he was saying that they was saying is that he was coming from rehearsal.


He is got a world world tour going on, start starting in Africa real soon, like I think in another month or whatever. And he's coming from rehearsal and he's driving down Melrose. And he saw my name on the Marqui and was like, that guy's funny. I was like, man, let's go see him. Wow. And he came in, we talked and he was, we, he lit a joint and we smoked it and yeah. Damn. Yeah. From never meeting, the guy didn't even know he was a fan of yours. Y'all lower In the back. He came upstairs and he was like, this, Hey man, I love you work. Can I partake? And I was like, sure. And then he was like this, so, yeah man, how long you been doing standup? And I was like, and I'm talking to him and he was like, yeah, yeah.


He was like, you wanna hit it? No, I haven't smoked weed in 13 years. Right. And I told him that. And I said, but I am going to smoke today Is Paul McCartney. How do you Paul McCartney, how do you say no to Paul McCartney? Smoke that shit. And we sat there, smoked, laughed, had a good time. He went downstairs and I went on stage and bombed the whole night. Like the worst show I ever Had in my life. Was it, was it good weed? Was it that Snoop Weed? It was good weed. Okay. I couldn't even, I bombed the whole night. Like all I could hear, I'll do a joker when nobody laugh. All I heard was him go Laughing at me Bombing.


He, he said, you bombing. I he said it. Yeah. No, I was on, I was on that motherfucker like, whose birthday it is because I ain't have my material. You had, I went to birthday. So where, where, where the Pisces But when you saw him walking on stage, did you think anything, did any, because has anybody ever approached you on stage? No. So this is what It was. I was bombing so bad. Oh. That I, 'cause I never wanted to tell them why I was bombing. Right. And then I finally told 'em I was high and I was like, but I'll tell you why. Later did the whole set for a whole hour. And then I was like, I'm gonna show you why this shit was horrible. I was like, I wanna bring the guy I was smoking with on.


Oh my goodness. And He came up there. Right. And yo, I, I brought him Up there and he said, it's my fault. He didn't admit it, but I said it was his fault. And it was, I was like, God damn, I wasn't ready for that. Throughout your career, has anyone ever come up on stage when you were like, I don't know if you like, call people out, you put the light on 'em and you just go in on them? Has anybody ever come on stage and approached you, Dion? Yeah, me and Mike Ebbs did a show one day, I think it was in South Carolina. This dude walked on the stage and I was like, dude, you can't be coming up here. And he was like, nah, nah, I'm just hoping to talk to you. I'm to talk to you. And I, and I, and I seen him kind of squaring up with me and I had to, it was a cordless mic.


And I was like, dude, get off, get off the fucking stage. And he was like, just, nah, nah. And he start walking up on me. Right. He swung, I ducked and I was like, B and the mic was like, Ooh. And Mike went out and he fell back And Mike Ellp was like, wow. Yeah. So what brought that on? Were you on him? Were you said, did you say anything to him? Did you say anything to his woman? No, he just came on stage and was just like, yo, he kept going, man, I got a joke for you. Right. He kept going, I got a joke for you. And I was like this. Nah, he was saying that from the audience and then he, he got on stage and he was like, nah, nah, I got a joke for you. Come here, come here. But he was talking to me like Right.


He was gonna, You think he was drunk? He was high. I Don't know what he was. But you wasn't trying to find out though. Nah, nah. And I waited. I was, I was waiting on him. I knew he was About to start, you know, he gonna try something. I Knew it because you know he had to lean in. You know that, that, that little sneaky shit. Right. Yeah. And I had to like put the fops on that motherfucker. So lemme ask you this, is there a difference, you say you haven't smoked weed in 13 years and you just smoked a couple of weeks ago with Paul McCartney. Is there a difference between smoking weed with a black person smoking weed with a white person? I think so. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think white people can't shut the fuck up. That's when they, when they Get how they start talking, You be like, dude, I would've never got high with you if I known your ass.


You ruined my high bro. They be talking they Ass off. You be like, shut the fuck up dog. I don't even know what you talking about right now. Right. You know black folks, You can have black folks. Y'all both will sit there for two hours and won't say shit and just be chilling to the high go down. You gonna roll another one. But you, you sold weed. Right. Were you like smokey and LA pride? Like that's crazy. Did you get high off your own supply? Me? He told you that? I'm just saying I would because you know you can't smoke. I smoke weed. You can't smoke weed and sell weed. This dude had up, me and my boy Dave, he had us selling weed for him and we smoked a bottle of weed and this motherfucker made us paint his house.


Damn. How much weed did y'all smoke? Damn, We smoked A lot of that shit. Y'all didn't sell anything. He was, He was a ill ass drug dealer too. We had to do it though. I ain't never painted in my life, but we painted that motherfucker that that motherfucker was sharp too edges, gutters, we had All that shit. That Motherfucker would've killed us. So what's your crazy story of selling weed? Because clearly you weren't very good at it. Nah, I Wasn't good at it at all. Like, I think, man, you know, you know what my boy used to do, how I even got off into like even trying to sell this shit, my boy used to always come over to my house. Right. And he'd be like, Hey man, look, I got a 16th or whatever, I don't want to drive with it.


Can I leave it here? And I'd be like this. Yeah, yeah. You can leave it here and he'll leave and I'll smoke that shit up and he'll come back two days later and I'd be like, can I get that? And I'd be like, ah, I got money for you. We smoked it. Here he go. Okay, cool. Right. Then he'd be like, I got another 16th. I was, can can I leave it here so I won't have to drive with it? And I was like this. Oh yeah. Not knowing that This, you realize you were a customer. Okay. Not realiz not realizing that that wasn't, that I was looking out for him and shit. I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You can leave that in. Yeah. I was like this, What am I doing? Then I started doing it to motherfucker this and that shit didn't work out as well. They wouldn't pay me and shit.


And I was too Nice. You hold on. You was selling weed on credit? Yeah, on credit. I would, I would give people people credit. Dude, I was terrible, man. I remember they tried to, I remember selling weed. I was terrible. I remember Don Wine, like he's a lot of pimps in Chicago. Right. I remember they tried to gimme me a prostitute one time to make money. Right. To to, to help me with my head shots. Like to in, in the comedy business because I ain't have no money for my headshot. Whoa. And they gave me his chick named Darlene. But I done had, I ain't had the balls like pimp or nothing like that. Right. I would just tell her You Kept up for yourself. No, I Just, I would tell her no, because you know, you, you, I mean, I'm thinking your weed, you wasn't selling the weed like you supposed to.


So man, you, I would just tell her. I be like, you know, whatever You can vote, loan me, Whatever You can loan me, I'll pay you back. Right. And She gave me money for my headshot. And then when my first comedy headshot came from her, and yeah, I would like, like go pick her up. Like she would ask me to pick her up places and I'll pick her up and she'd be like, he'd put this on your hair shots. And she would just be nice like that. But I would be like, nah, I don't want that. And she'd be like, nah, yeah, here I don't Want that money. I don't really want this. But, but I had to get my hair Shots. Right. It was crazy. I mean, once you made it, did you reach back out to Darlene?


Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I gave her some money. Yeah. I gave her some money, but I gave it to her daughter. Okay. Because I didn't see her. I gave it her to her daughter. I gave her the money and stuff to give back to her, whatever. But yeah, I gave her like what I gave her like two 50. Right. I gave her $250 and she gave me like 50 for the head shots. Right. She would gimme like $10 here, $10 until I got my, because I ain't had no money. I was super broke. Yeah, right. Yeah, definitely. So, you know, we, we did our little odd jobs in Chicago selling weed and you know, picking up prostitutes, You know, the regular stuff. You know. What made you, you say you partake for the first time in 13 years with Paul McCartney. What made you stop smoking weed?


Man, I was overthinking and see when I, when I stopped smoking weed. Weed didn't have all these labels. It didn't have them. Yeah. Okay. It didn't have all these clarifications. It was just weed. It was just weed. And you got whatever you got when you got it. It was, if you was paranoid, God damnit you was paranoid. Right. If you was sleepy, you was sleepy. You ain't know what you got. So I would get that man, and I would overthink so much, man. I'd be like, oh god. And I just like, I just had to stop and I just had to go to another level with stuff, you know what I mean? I was lazy, wouldn't do nothing. It was, it, it, it was, it was terrible. And so I just, I just quit Now. I really wanted to start back up, but I never did because it has so many clarifications on it now.


Right Now you got, if if you, if you want to eat, if you wanna sleep, if you wanna have a good time, you know. Right. They had different strengths for everything. Right. And they didn't have that back in the day or whatever, you know. Well, Talking to Kat, Kat said like, when you like do your job, it's not, you're not used to sleeping until like six or seven o'clock in the afternoon because you don't start work until nine 30 till o'clock at night, Yo. And then you work until one, two in the morning. Yep. You eating and carry it on. That's your normal day. It's like raw. I mean, how do you trick your body to say this is normal when for the last 25, 30 years you've been doing something one week. No, It ain't normal. It ain't normal at all. Like, you just, you just, and man, one, two o'clock in the morning is when you first getting into the club, to be honest with you, You Know, it was a big transition for me to, to go from doing standup to like having a job job.


Like, because I would be going to bed at like five in the morning. But Yeah, you had to trick yourself all the time. And I think a lot of comics drink to smoke to keep up with that. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Because I remember back in the day, I used to wake up at like four, five o'clock Wake in the afternoon. Yeah. That was regular, that was Regular hours, you know. Right. Know I go to bed at like six, wake up at five. That was Wow. That's a good 11 hours. Yeah, for sure. But Sure. But if you, like you said you were overthinker and that like, we just added to that overthinking. Yeah. It was terrible. And like if you paranoid you gonna read you like, man, I wonder if they really put man on the Yeah.


You know, I wonder if if cars would really go be, but y'all, it used to be like that. But for some odd reason that helped my standup really, you know? Yeah. Because I already was overthinking and then when I smoked I really overthought. And then when I started to standup and was smoking, it was like, it was like a match in heaven, you know, because I always thought standup was like, you know, people, you know, being silly and goofy. Right. I didn't really know standup was also, you know, just therapeutic and just things that's on your mind or whatever. At the time I didn't know that, you know, and then when I found out that I could just really be thought provoking and be a standup, you know, I was like, yeah, I'll try it.


Right. I'll do it. Do you believe in conspiracy theories? Do I believe in them? Yeah. No, not You did when you was high though. You Might even, I I will overthink that shit though. Right. Man. I would break it down. I deal with simplicity. Okay. Everything. Okay. I don't care what it is. It's simplicity. It, if it, if it's the simplest thing, if we can break it down right to that, then that's what it is. You know, like with a lot of wars going on, I, I just feel like why can't they just work that out, out and then it's over with. I don't understand why they keep fighting the war at the, I I don't understand that like that.


But I just think if people just sit down and worked it out, then they should be able to Figure out, resolve the issues. But it's not that simple. Not that simple. No. Okay. A lot of these people been fighting for thousands of years. But why though? It's kinda like, you know what it is sometimes Dionne like you around somebody and they don't like somebody and you don't like that person for like, why I don't like that person. Just 'cause you don't like 'em. Yeah. Like, just because we've been fighting for a thousand years, that doesn't mean we can't stop fighting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like we can't get along. Somebody needs to be able to break the cycle and say, well, you know, what, what are we actually fighting for? Yeah. It's like that's what, that's, that's that's the simplicity that I deal with. Yeah. On an everyday basis. What are we fighting for? Why are we fighting? Why can't we just p have peace instead of being Right.


Let's have peace over being Right. And, you know, working it out. Right, right. I'm, I, I I try to think simple like that, but effective, you Know? Well, 'cause a lot of times people want to be right instead of arguing for, right. Right. Exactly. And that's true too, you know. But again, simplicity, like police brutality and stuff. I looked up, you know, it's 70% police in the country that people, that police officers, 70% are white. Did you know that? Yeah. 70% of them white. I feel like they should have one black cop and one white cop in every car. Okay. Because that would help out the situations as far as like police brutality and stuff like that.


Right. Would that, does that make sense? It makes sense. But sometimes, man, it is kind of like, if you think about it, it's like an animal. Sometimes you get a good dog and you get a bad dog and if the bad dog bite, sometimes the good dog will join in. But you don't think that if a police, if a like if two white cops pull Over black, it's that power. I don't necessarily believe it's the black and the white. I think it's the power that comes along with being a police officer. Well, I get that, but I also think race has something to do with, with it too. Because if you have two white cops and they pull you over, yeah. They gonna be on they white cop shit. But if they got a white cop in the black cop in the car, I'm quite sure that brother gonna be like, like, like you ain't gonna be able to go over there and talk to him like that. Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying in all incidents.


In all incidents. Like, like I'm not saying that, I'm saying that. I think that might be a little bit too simplistic, but hold on. No, no, no, no, no, no. I, I understand The power, but there are some black cops that are cool. Yeah. There's some, there's some white cops that's some white cops that are Yeah. And I don't want, you know, people to like Yeah. Everybody ain't on no power trip is what I'm saying. You know what I mean? They all are, but they not all like that. But I just think the situation would be better if you had one black cop and one white cop per car regardless. Right. You know what I'm Saying? Well, I'm gonna be a sheep. I ain't gonna give you no chance to be on no power trip. Even if you On a power trip. Yes Sir. If you got a back with white. No sir. Yes ma'am. No ma'am. Yes. How are You day, how many times have you been pulled over and you looked in the window and you was like, God damn, two white cops, man.


Or you get Pulled over and you go, all right. They got some brothers. Okay. Even the, The police, I just, my heart, I Feel a little better when I see both my heart just start beating fast. Okay. How soon can I get him to his, from his car to my car, back to his car and I'm driving on my way. That's all I'm thinking. No, no, Absolutely. I'm just saying in my, in my spirit, I feel my, my whole goal is to get home at the end of the day. Yes, Yes. Absolutely. At the end Of the day, yes. Whatever they want me to do, I'm gonna do it. Right. But deep down inside right. I feel a little better if I see some brothers get out that motherfucker. I'm like this. All right, cool. I hope they saw Def Jam, you know, I hope they saw And they recognize who I else. Yeah.


Yeah. I got more of a chance of them Knowing Me than the white cops. That's all I'm saying. Was the Paul McCartney, when you bombed that show, was that the worst you'd ever bombed? That was probably in my top five. My top. Because obviously everybody bombed when they start out. Yeah. Yeah. No, this was, 'cause I haven't smoked in 13 years. I did gummies, but I ain't like, but why, Why in that situation did you, did you feel like you was like, Paul, no, I'm getting ready to do a show. We'll do it afterwards. Why not take that approach? I ain't think Paul was gonna stay the whole goddamn show to be honest with you. I just was like, man, this is a great moment. I wasn't even thinking about the show like that. Right, right. And I felt like I'm not going to inhale too much so I can do my show.


So I was like, cool. But I guess I did. The moment you got caught up in the moment, did you I got Caught up in the Moment, but no, it was, it was Like, like put it like this. I ain't gonna say I bombed profusely. It wasn't like that. And the people that was in the audience, they laughed. They had a good time. It just wa wasn't what I was used to. Right. You know what I mean? But You know. Yeah, I know the performance that you've set, the standard that you set for yourself for Dion Cole. Absolute. Oh yeah. Absolutely. It wasn't up to That. It was not that at all. You're special Netflix. Okay, Mister, how you feeling about it? You like it Man. People are really, really excited. This is, this has been like a really good ride on this one. You know, the specials I've done before, the first time I did my cold-hearted, I mean cold-hearted special.


They didn't even have like the top 10 or on, on, on the, on they site. Right. It was just up and people saw it. Right. When, when Charlene's boy hit, I really wasn't in the mind frame to do promotions or really do nothing because of how deep the whole situation was for me to film that a year later on the day she passed that that. But that bothered me. So I just, I just put that out there and you know, just to show people that we still gotta perform even under the condition. So you never know what the comic is going through. Give comic love. 'cause he gotta put away his difference. And I sat up and did a whole hour in front of y'all with you not even knowing that this is the anniversary death of my mom, whatever.


So I really wasn't there. This, I was able to like really get back to the funny, really be like, okay, like promote and put it out. And this is man, like, probably one of my most successful, successful specialties that I ever did. I mean so far and it's only been out like, probably like a week and some chains a little bit. Not even 10 days, you know. Well, well it's, it is been out, it's been out for, for, for a little bit.


TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure. Touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon For new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24 C terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


You said that a lot of times people don't realize what a comic is going through and although he's making his audience laugh Yeah. He might be dying inside. Yeah. When you, you talk about writing Charlene's story, which is your mom. During the time your mom had just the one year anniversary of your mom passing, did you enjoy it knowing that what you were going through and what you were dealing with, did you get an opportunity to enjoy it? Not really. 'cause it almost was like I was cornered into doing that. I turned it down. It was crazy. So when you do these specials right, you find a city that you, that that really loved, That really rock With you, that really rock with you and that's where you go shoot your special.


Right? And so during that time I was, I had did a bunch of cities and I was waiting on Netflix to come back to me and ask me, I mean, tell me when they want to shoot. But I had to keep touring. I keep kept doing dates and I really didn't have too many cities left over. I had like a couple cities left over. It was like Chicago, New York, I think it was a couple, a couple of the cities, right? And so they was like, man, you should shoot in New York. And I was like, well New York from, no, I'm from Chicago, but I was like New York comics, like you gotta be from New York to shoot New York. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Or have some kind of affiliation with them. Some Kind of actic. Yeah. Yeah, exactly.


So I was like, I really didn't wanna do that too much. But then they was like, man, all the other venues are taking up places. And I was like, well New York dude, they fuck with me. Right. You know what I mean? I just, I don't know what part of New York and they was like Brooklyn. And I was like, oh shit. And I was like, yeah, Brooklyn fuck with me. It's, but I don't know because you don't know what Brooklyn you gonna get. Correct. You know what I mean? I don't know if I was gonna get gentrified Brooklyn, biggie Brooklyn. Right. Righteous Brooklyn. You know, I didn't know what I was gonna get. So when we did it, you know, everybody came out. You know what I mean? And it was just, I was kind of nervous about, about doing it. And on the anniversary I just was, was feeling really, really, really terrible about doing that.


About, about, about shooting it. And the only day that they had open was the day that she was, that day was that day. And I was just like, I turned it down at first and then I was like, my mind kept going, you know what, take this day and celebrate her and actually changed the name of your special and dedicate it to her. 'cause I had a whole nother name. Okay. And so I, at the, at the last moment, I changed it to Charlene's boy and dedicated the whole thing to her because that was the date that was available. You know, You know, a lot of times Dionne is that in situations I always think about what would my grandmother want me to do in that situation? And she would always say, son, hey, ain't nothing You can do for me now.


Yeah. You need to go take care of what you need to take care of. And then, 'cause I'm still gonna be here. What would your mom would've said? What, what do you think she would've wanted you to do? I, I think she, my mother always just wanted me to be happy. Like, we were so poor in Chicago, yo we didn't even have like a refrigerator. We would just put our food on the windowsill. Yeah. Because that's where the snow was. Right. All surreal shit. That's how we kept our food cold and extension cord from neighbor's house. And we had a space heater and just so she was, I was happy not even really knowing that we was poor. Right. But I was happy and she always was like, I just want you to be happy.


You know, and you know, her passing was like, and I'm still affected by it, like every day, you know, but, 'cause I'm the only child and Okay. I, I no brothers and sisters and that's who I've been with my whole entire life. Right. You know, but I remember my aunt told me this 'cause I wasn't eating or doing nothing, you know? And my, my aunt was like, well if you had a chance to bring her back here, would you? And I was like, well, yeah. She was like, wow, why would you bring her back here with war and diseases and all that? And this was like during like the pandemic Pandemic, she was like, would you, would you bring her back here?


And I just cried, man. And I was like, I I I, it would be selfish for me to bring her back here. And I was just like, I, no. And it, it killed me inside to even think like that. But I, I almost felt at peace where I was like, yeah, you know, like, yeah. I, I, I guess so, you know, 'cause my mother, she had, she had like diabetes too, whatever, but she had it under control. Right. Like that when she passed it was outta the clear blue. Outta the clear blue. She got under control and everything.


But yeah, that really affected me where I was like, would I bring her back here if I had the power? Like Only for selfish reasons. And then what? Yeah. Is it, am I enough for her to come back to and deal with the rest of the world and bills and cars breaking down or find people and how they feel and they append. Am I enough to keep com com compete with this? Wow. And I just, I, I I I let it go. And you know, it's, it's, it is, it's something that I I I reflect on when I, when I, when I miss her and that helps.


You know? And so yeah, it is. Yeah. It man. How are you now with it? It's been some time has passed. You realize that she's not coming back. You've shot the special, you've moved on, done some amazing things in your life. How are you now dealing with it? I mean, I, it just, man, it just depends on what's happening. Like, like anything like good happened to me. I be feeling bad. I mean, I feel sad 'cause I can't like share it, share it. So I remember when I did the color purple, I cried that whole movie, man.


My mother loved that movie. And to, to getting to be in that movie, I cried the whole time. Even leaving the set, I cry every day and people kept wondering what was wrong with me. And I just put, I couldn't pull it together. 'cause I was so sad. Even at the put me here, I was crying on the red carpet. Like I just, I just want her to see these things. And people always say these shit like, oh, she's hearing spirit and this. Yeah. I, I I, I get all of That. You want physical presence. I get all of that. I want her here. I want her next to me. I want to like lay up under her.


You know what I mean? Like, like I always did, you know, like anytime I went home, you know, even to her passing, she would lay on her side now, like lay up under her, you know what I mean? It's just one groove right up under her that I would lay at. And Everything was okay. Everything is okay. And for that to be gone, it's like, you know, you search for that groove and you ain't gonna find it. No. I don't care how many women you sleep with. I don't care who you be with. Never gonna find that groove. And you gotta live with it. You talked a lot about dating on your special, how's the dating scene for Dionne?


It is a mess. It's a mess. It's a mess. It's A mess. Why is it a mess? It's a mess. It's, you just don't know what, you don't know what you're getting or what you're doing. It's like you just, I don't, I don't know what's, I don't know what, what to do nowadays. Okay. You know, we in a world of, you know, people swiping, you don't, if if, if you don't like what I'm saying, you don't have to deal with me. You can swipe and right. It, It's eight, nine other guys waiting on you. Right. You know what I mean? It's, it's no hustle and bustle to, to be with me. Right. And then when you get somebody you don't know what they really there for, you don't know what they really into you about.


Like Are you trying to invest time to find out what they're there for? Or are you Well, I just, me personally, I'd rather have, and I was discussing this in my, in my special whatever is that, you know, I just would like to have like a friend that that's cool and somebody that I can hang with because if the relationship don't work out, at least I ain't wasting my time. Well damn you still gotta invest some time Deon? No, no. I'm saying that, I'm saying I'd rather be with somebody that I'm cool with. That we cool and we kick it and we do everything together. You know what I mean? We do everything. We do everything together. And so the more we do that, the more time we spend with you.


Yeah. You'll Get close and close. Yeah. I'm gonna get close closer. But how about the relationship and all the sex and not fucking don't work out then I ain't just leave her and she ain't leave me. And we just wasted our time being with each other trying to work it out and it didn't work out. At least we still cool. Right. We still can go watch a movie. Right. Because that's what We No, no, No. We can't. No you can't. Man. I'm telling a woman can look, lemme tell you something, a woman can cheat on me and I probably wouldn't leave her. Depending on, depending on, Listen, listen, I'm listening.


Depending on the value of the woman. Would you, would you de depending on the value of a woman, like, and depending on the situation, I wouldn't just up and leave a woman like that. If she like, like if she cheated on me Right. And I was like this and I, and, and the reason is I got something to do with it. And if I really deep dug deep inside and felt like it was something that I had something to do with, I probably wouldn't just up and leave her like that. Like I just wouldn't, I would figure out the situation, figure out how it happened if I wanted to be real petty, you know? And the value look, the value of this woman. Yeah. How about she run a Fortune 500 goddamn company.


Right. And sh I'm not going to let a little dick get between Well we Even the computer thing, Mind computer like preach. That's what The, I'm not going to let it look man, get between us and our finances and what we doing right now. If you ain't doing shit and you get some dick, bye bye motherfucker. I'm out. Yeah. You get what I'm saying? I do the value of the woman. I Do. And women do the same thing. Like if they had a successful guy or whatever, they gonna tolerate a Little bit. Yeah, they will. They Will. They will. Than what they do with some deadbeat motherfucker. And I'm the same way with women. Yeah. I'm like this, yo, if you, I'm not, if you cheat on me and, and you got a 500 company, I'll just be like, just don't, don't do that again.


Yeah. I think there's some truth to what you're saying. It used to be a time where women would only have a sexual relationship if they felt something for The guy. Absolutely. In order for them to step outside of a relationship that they're in, they really had to feel something for that guy. If they're married, I don't care if they're a fiance or whatever the case may be. But in today's, these women have a lot of the mindset like a guy. Absolutely. They'll sleep with a guy and think nothing about that guy and go sleep with that guy. And they have, they, they've adopted a man's mindset. Yeah. Because they see well, well man's doing it. I why can't I do it? Absolutely. And who says they can't? They Hey, they Do it. And so therefore what you going do, you going to let your emotions keep you broke?


'cause that's what You can do. Your emotions to keep you broke out here, brother. What's, What's her job in that Fortune 500 company? What's her job? Is She, is she the CEO, the cfo, the vp. She the CEO of this boy. And she is the top dog. Yeah. Don't do it again. That's what I'm going to tell her. You, You know that, you know that hurt your boy, right? You got one of them. You got me there. You know that hurt, that hurt, that hurt right there. Now you Got one of them. So What bless you. This, where do you think the best place to meet women? The gm, the grocery store. Church. The gym Man.


The last place should be the gym. No, not the gym. None of that. I'm gonna tell you where, where all the baddies at? Where health food stores, Man, them boujee women. I can't afford them up in there. No, No. You, you just ain't you, you ain't working. You see you, you using, you walking in there. Y'all all walking in there the same, y'all all doing this and I'm walking in there like this and I'm chilling and I, I man, I'll go in that motherfucker and be like this what's calories? And they'll be like, what? Oh my. Come on Jimmy, come on Dion. You gotta act like you don't know. And then they come help you.


So you going into my, oh, what is black seed? Do I be like, I'd be Like this. What's black seed? And they'd be like this. Oh, lemme tell You. Yeah. And I'd be like, man, look at me. I'm frail. I'm just trying to get my, you know. Oh, I got, I got what you need. See it's simplicity. How you gotta use, man, you gotta use your mind. You know, I had to joke about this a long time ago. Now. I ain't trying to do material or whatever, but I'm telling you the factual stuff. Right. I remember I used to go to a grocery store, look in a woman's cart, see what she got in there. Yeah. Think about what she need and then post up in that aisle and wait for her to come get it. But that's a good one there. I would walk by and be like this, you look like, okay got, I'll be like, she got hot dogs, she gonna need bun.


And I'll go to the bond section and just stand there and I look for bun and then she'll come get the bonds and I'll be like, oh, hey, Hey. I see you again. Huh? I, Hey, hey, I see you need some bun. So where, where, where are you on celebrity dating? Would you date a celebrity Us man, I went out with a couples celebrity women and it's so weird because they so beautiful and so attractive and so talented. And I'm not saying all of them, I'm not saying all of them at all. But a few of 'em are so insecure.


It's weird. It's like weird. Like how they, how they are or if it's not that the world is at their fingertips and you need to kind of Fall In line with that. Fall in line with that. Have you witnessed that before? It's it is weird. You know what I mean? Because it's like we, we do the same thing. You know what I mean? Why, why, why, why should I pick out your em and ms and shit outta your bowl? Like, you know, it's, it is weird. Plus not only that, I just don't think people don't know how to love you. You know what I mean? They don't never ask you how to be loved. They love you how they want to love you Or how they know the Love or how they know the love. And so therefore it's a conversation that you have to have.


You have to ask the person how do you like to be loved? How do you like to be treated? And then go from there. I think, I think that that's a conversation that must be had. Yeah. And don't nobody never have it. Yeah. You know, somebody give you a bunch of flowers and if, if a girl bought you some clothes, you'll be like this, I, I don't want that shit. Like, no, You don't want this. I'm, I'm more You can, You can get whatever the Fuck you want. Yes. Yes. I'm more, I think the thing is like for a lot of women that, that that are, that make a lot of money that are celebrities are high. It's, it's like the affirmation they need constantly. Like, babe, you're so beautiful babe, you are amazing. I kept, it's like, it's almost like I need to be like a pimp rally.


Like I also have to just constantly like build them up. Yeah. I'm like, babe, do you realize like mean you are beautiful? You the, I need to tell you this, like 50 times a day, Dude, on the real, you be like, you are the baddest motherfucker walking. Yes. Like what do you mean? Yes. Like why do you, why do I have to make you feel like that be, you know why? Because of what they used to. They used to going out the house. Right. Every day they wake up, they gotta say thank you. Do you understand that? That's, that's a, that's a being fine is a mentality. Yeah. You know what I mean? For sure. Every day you wake up, you gotta say thank you. Oh, thank you. Yeah. Thank you. Oh, thank you, Thank You. Every goddamn day and the majority of your life, you've been lied to at least 70% of your life.


'cause you fine, you never really get the truth right because everybody wants something from you. Correct. And so that mentality is something that you have to deal with when you meet a fine woman. 'cause even then, and they never gonna really admit it. Right. But they, they, you are treated differently. They they are. And then when you tell 'em they don't believe it, like, oh, they Don't believe it. And it's like, no, I'm telling you the truth. Like they, they lying to you like they been lying to you. Women and men. Yeah. And, and so it's a, it's a, it's a mindset. You know what I mean? But I, I tell, I tell, but I, but I tell women all the time though. Oh, I tell men this too. Like for every woman you, you, you show me, I show your motherfucker that didn't want her. Yeah. Somebody didn't want her.


You know what I mean? Holly Berry had and much respect to Holly, but she, she had a lot of guys that she went out with. Right. And she the finest motherfucker walking one of them. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. So what what is it? Yeah. Is it the beauty? It it can be the beauty. Nah, It's more, it's more than that. I it's more Than that. What is it then? Yeah. See, I remember telling, I told a a a a young lady one time. I said, you are one of the, the finest, most beautiful women articulate, I mean she got a master's degree. I mean she had everything I'm talking about. She dropped dead gorgeous. And I told her this and she looked be dead in my eye. She said, I know a lie when I hear it. Wow. Because of what she used to y'all.


I was like, I, I don't, I didn't, I didn't know. I don't know where to go after that. You don't know where to go after that. Like she, it's in, what'd you say earlier? When a person's mind is made up, you Made up. It ain't nothing You can do. I think the thing is, is that sometimes you get so used to people telling you something and you feel like, you feel like they're telling you that to get something, extract something outta you. Yeah. That you don't realize that when someone is playing, paying you a genuine compliment, you think it's a lie because they want something from you. But it is True though. I did want something though. But look, I I was just about to say it's true. I ain't gonna lie, ain't gonna lie. I ain't gonna lie.


But look, how do you navigate That? It's, it is hard. How do It's Hard. It's, it's hard. Yeah. And That's why I say like, being fine is almost like a gift and a curse. It is for a lot of women out here. Like it's, it's something that they have to deal with on an everyday basis that's kinda like, you know. Wow. Like, and, and and, and you have to understand that dealing with her. Yeah. You know, you can't, I think the best that a fire woman can do is just choose what mess she wanna be in. Right. And Go from there. Go from there. Go from there. Yeah. The best mess. Right. Choose the best mess. What's the best way to get out here? Have you ever gone on a bad date?


Yeah, I've been on a bad date. What's the best way to get out of it? Man? What did I do? What did I do when I went, when I was on a, what did I, lemme think of a, a really bad date. Oh man, I can't even think. I'm thinking of so many. Damn. I I some You Can You sure can't pick them, can you? I I had some bad ones. Jack. I remember one time I, I was, I was with this, I was, I was with this girl, right? She pick me up, we go to the hotel, we hang out and so I asked her do she want to true story dog.


I asked her if she wanted to come to the show later. She was like, yeah, she left. She had left my sh her shoes in my room, right. And I was like, oh, okay. I was like, she gonna come pick 'em up later, right? She gonna hang out right later on that night. Nothing. She ain't respond, none of that. And I'm like, man, I ended up doing the show left. Went back to the room, me and my guy and we was like, man, let's get something to eat. And I kept calling. She wouldn't answer nothing. I go to the elevator, I left my wallet, went back to the room, came back, pressed the button. No, when I came back, we was both on our phones. My boy didn't press the elevator button. I was like, man, press the button. Press the button, the elevator, elevator come up the door open.


There she is, she rear. I'm like this, there she is. And like this What I've been calling you all goddamn day. What you doing man? Right behind her. This motherfucker was like, that's that dude from Blackish. Yo baby, Come here. Come here. Let's take a pic, take a picture ho come on baby, get in the picture. And she was like this. And he was like, come on. He was like, oh fuck it, fuck my god. And took a picture with me and I'm sitting there like, what? She, dude got off on the same flow. We was on the same floor with another dude, same floor. It was like two in the morning in the same hotel.


So I text her, I was like, this what the fucker, what is you? She was like this, I didn't know that he was in the same room. I'm like, who is this motherfucker? She was like this, no, he's a friend of mine. I ain't know he was coming in town and da da da. And I was like, you know, you Know what? You know what that what? You know what you should have did a, you left your shoes in the room. Lemme go get 'em for you. Nah. I put the motherfuckers and I went and got something to eat and I put 'em in the bag and put them by the garbage. Yeah. Leave something in that room. Housekeeping gonna be wearing some wire seal and some Tom, I put 'em in The bag that I either shut that shit down. I was like, I'm, I'm not, I'm not leaving that there. Look man, motherfuckers are ruthless out here.


And so when you, when you run into these type of situations, it make you kinda numb to it is meeting people. You know what I mean? You like, all right, what you about to ring to the table? What you, what you, what you gotta say, what you got going on? And you know, but I Ain't asking for a lot to bring to the table. I'm not just bring something other than your appetite. Look. And that's what I'm saying. Look, I, I tell, I tell the women all day long, if you, if you bring me peace, that's just as good as money. Yeah, Man. Because y'all can't find that shit. No, I can't find peace. No peace. Like you give me that man, man, we, we good. Just be cool man. And just, you know, understand the situation. Read the room and we good.


You know, more, the more open-minded you are, you know, the better we are. You know what I mean? And, and, and, and, and, and I play my position. You play your position and man, we good. You know, but a lot of women don't really see shit like that sometimes. Right. You know? And so what do you do? You know, Where's a good place to go on a first date and how much? Because, you know, there's a, there's this thing like, where should you take a woman on the first day? How much you should spend on the first day? Because now you know, women thinking, you, you, we ain't no like build up to five star. We started five star. Yeah. It ain't no building up. Okay. It used to be say, you know, I spend 50, 75, maybe a hundred. They like, I'm talking about five.


I look I need the seafood tower, man with lobster, cla you know, claws and lo you know, all that, all that. I'm like, well damn. Yeah. Out the gate. But if we, if we start there, where do we go? You don't go nowhere but down. That's what they don't think about. You go nowhere but down. And that's why a lot of this shit don't work out. And motherfuckers go broke. 'cause they trying to outdo what they did. Fuck I'm not doing. Nah, I'm not doing that. Yeah. I'm not even going out. I'm not gonna be seen with you until I get to know you really. Right. I'm not just going out with no stranger. Right. Nah. And then be seen with this person. Man, I did that before. One day I was out with this girl just, just met her, just meeting her, man.


We went to this restaurant, I say about nine motherfuckers then came up to her, Hey Steph, she like this. Oh, hey. Ah, what? Anyway, so then this Nick, one motherfucker came and put his hands behind her eyes. Ah, dude, the couple I'm sitting at the table looking Like, and she like this. Who is, who is this? Then he is like, and she Was like, Marcus, Damn Dude. Every motherfucker in the in the fucking place knew her. Newark. So she a regular, Regular. I'm like this. And she must bring her men there all the time. Yeah. I was like this. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm never going out with nobody until I know them.


I'm not meeting them out in public trying to get to meet them. We gonna meet and then that's it. You know what I mean? You can come back to the room though, man, about Marcus. Oh, Jamie. So disrespectful, girl. Disrespectful as you, Because if you start, okay, we going vacation, if we start off at the Maldives, we start off at Valley Bali, we start off at, you know, the where do we go? So can we look like, like stay in the States? Can we go to like California? If you live in Florida, let's go to California. We in California, let's go to Florida. Or we go, why we got to go 12, 14, 15 hours away?


Because They, they, when anytime a woman do that, I think to myself, she trying to hit it and quit it. She trying to get what she can get and then be gone. Right. Because why you wanna start that high? Yes. Why you wanna start that high? It's a red flag to me. Yes. You can tell me, Hey, let's go to Bali. Bali, Bali, byebye Bishop. Yeah. Bye-bye. Yes. Yeah, because, because I know that's you, you want to get that and be gone. Right. You really want the pictures. You want post on Instagram. And that's what it's about. Can Can we, can we do something without taking pictures? Why? Oh my God. When, when is this thing about food? Oh my God. Oh, lemme, can you mind if I take a picture? God, I do, but go ahead. Yeah. You can go. Oh, damn.


The whole thing. Just put your hand there. You be like this. I don't wanna put my hand there. I ain't no, it is always a photo. It's always, it's like, dude, let's just relax. Yeah. Let's just chill. Let's just, let's let's get to know each other. Let's vibe. We don't need the cameras in the photos and all of that. Yeah. That, that's, that's turn Even if turn off. Even if I see women, even if somebody see, like they be in Bali. They be in Maldi. Oh. They take a picture by themselves. Really? You went Motherfucker, you got away from him. He, he there, he there. It might not through he, he there, he there all Them selfies by yourself that you couldn't wait. You walked away to go Take a pension. To take a selfie. You fool ain.


You Ain't fooling nobody. Dion, where are you? Team? Natural body or team? Enhanced body. I like everything natural. Okay. It's 1, 1 1 less thing to deal with. You know what I mean? I, I like natural hair. I like natural. You know Where you find that? At What? Natural hair? Yeah. It's out there. Oh, you gotta look though. Oh, you Gotta look. You go to Puerto Rico. Dominican. It's, I mean, even women that got good hair are still covered up. I, I get it. And look, I'm not mad at any woman who does any No, Absolutely not. And weaves and all that. I'm just saying, me personally, it's just, I, I just like, again, I, like I said earlier, I deal with simplicity.


I just like simple shit. Right. You know what I mean? I like, I like you in your sweats. I like where we chilling out. You know, we ain't, we we ain't, we ain't gotta lay a towel down for you to lay on the pillow and shit. You know what I mean? I didn't had to, I didn't have some motherfuckers leave whole profiles on my fucking pillow. Like Oh yeah. Bad Portraits. Yeah. Not too much. I done had portraits On my pillow. Are you a gift giver? You know what I am, I'm, I'm the type of guy that's going to do something. I don't, I don't like surprises.


I Hate Surprises, but I like surprising people, which is weird. You know what I mean? Yeah. I'm the type of guy that be like, Hey yo, hey everybody, come meet me over here. We over here. Let's go get it. Everybody come through. Hell yeah. Let's go man. I got it. Let's go. You know what I mean? I do that in a heartbeat. You know, like, I'm very spontaneous like that. You know, get up, go go to a concert or whatever, grab my people. I wouldn't even tell 'em. I'd just be like, get dressed. And my people, they know they'd be like this if I call them and be like, Hey, get dressed. They be like, oh shit. They already know, you know, some something special about to happen. You know what I mean? So Yeah. Yeah. In that kind of way. But I'm not like, you need this and that. Like, you gotta kind of like ask me and shit, you know?


Right. Yeah. I, I saw that you said you don't like women that are good in the bedroom because you fall in love, Like good in the bedroom. Yeah. I don't like good sex like that. No, I don't what you mean. I, no, because, and, and I said this before and my special, when a woman is too amazing, I can't help but to think about all the practice she had. Okay. But now you playing the game. I know. I be like this. I just want to see what we can do together. I mean, you might be looking for a distance. I'm like, damn, I want to be like to play with Tom Brady now. Now you got Tom Brady. You don't have to wonder. No, I like, I like, I Like a motherfucker who knows She's doing.


But I feel like getting To know each other while we doing that is, is the turn on for me. Not let me show You what work I don't want. Let me show you what work. Because me, I'll be like this, that might not work for me. I'll be like, yeah. Or while, why don't we just feel each other out and see what worked for each Other. You Know? It's, it's different. It's different. We grew up, what we grew up and what women were doing and what it is now Yeah. Is totally different Now. It's like, This is Here, let me give it to you. Yes. It just like, yo, wait a minute. Yes. It's all that's, And that's what I'm saying.


That's how I am. I'm like, wait, The, wait a minute now. Hold on. I ain't like that. I was Like, come on. I like on Dion, it to you. It's d It's a, it's a different time. Look, I, I think I'm a little older than you Dion, but, and I remember that being a teenager and what women would do then. And then in my twenties and what their thirties and in my fifties and what, it's a whole different ballgame. It's so bizarre Right now, if somebody would've told me this when I was a teenager that it would go to this. Yo man, you crazy. But you know what? Social media has a lot to do with that as well. It's just, it's, it's, they have to, I think, and, and I could be wrong.


Don't, don't crucify me, but I think they have to be like that. 'cause it's so many options. A man can go on Instagram or swipe or do whatever and yo, he can have somebody like that. I remember this one girl told me, she, this guy used to date, she married her guy. And I said, how did you pull him? She was like, man, I fucked my way to the top. And she was like, I meant that shit. She said, I would fucking him anytime he wanted to, whatever he wanted to do, I'd do that. To the point where he was like, man, I ain't leaving you. She was like, I literally fucked my way to the top to be, to get. Wow. And that's what a lot of women feel, feel like they have to do. It's, it's not, it's, it's like women way to be like, and, and men, men are also the problem too.


You know what I mean? They out here so disrespectful with the shit that a lot of women are used to that. You know what I mean? If somebody like me and you walk up charismatic as fuck, we might look like lames. I've been called Elaine. You had a silk. You know what I man you silk. Yeah. You Sim Yeah. Like, because You're being charismatic about it. You know, I've turned down fellatio from a woman and she thought I was gay because I ain't want it. And I'm like this. Nah, like, you did that with everybody just out the gate. She like this. You don't want it. Where were, where y where were y'all at? Where was we at? Excuse me. Got no, got no collar on my shirt.


I ain't turning that down. I wore T-shirt. I ain't, I was, I was ass ready boy. Hey David. Hey, is it true now? I mean, because you know the internet and and stuff. The Stevie one that took your girl. Yo, true Story. Come on Dionne. True story dog. True story. You can't write that shit. You can't write that shit. Hold on. Stevie Wonder, not the boy G the the 13-year-old Stevie Wonder, like he married, he chilling, chilling now.


But that motherfucker was a savage. He got you man. Stevie got everybody. No, I'm saying Stevie a motherfucker. Dude, everybody be thinking that. I was just joking about that. But nah, Stevie was a savage Jack. Oh man, man, we went to a concert and me and her, we chilling. And she was like, I was like, man, we, we went backstage and one of Stevie people was like, man, he wanted to meet her, her. Yeah, no. Like they wanted to meet her. And she, and I was like, yeah, go ahead meet Stevie. I'm, I'm, it's all good. You know, I'm sitting there like 45 minutes. Oh No, we got, And and then she come back and she goes, Hey, you mind taking a cab home?


And I said, I said, why am I taking? 'cause she drove. I'm like, why am I taking the cab home? She was like, because Stevie, he just wanted to talk to me about some things and da da da. What? And I was like, are you kidding me? She was like, yeah, she gave me a hundred dollars to go home. I got in the cab and went home. And I was like, wow, this is a dark day. Dion, Stevie, Jack. And every and every time I saw that motherfucker, I'd be like this. You Threw out all his records too, dude. I Said you, I said, you knew what you did motherfucker. And he is like this. Oh man. Oh man, stop playing Stevie a motherfucker. Like he'll just come up to you and be like this. Stop acting like a bitch.


You'll be like, that really happened man. First of all, why you waited 45 minutes, Stevie a motherfucker. Lemme tell you something. Quest love got a story about Stevie Wonder. If you ever talk to Quest, We have to get Quest over. Tell him Quest. I'm putting you on blast. He knows Stevie's a motherfucker. Everybody knows Stevie a motherfucker. President Obama knows Stevie's a motherfucker. Stevie's a motherfucker. Stevie like Stevie a I Ain't never heard of Stevie. Ask, ask quests. Steve clipped you. Quest. Look, quest told me like sometimes Stevie don't even be invited to shit. Sometimes he just be showing up.


Come up. Who gonna turn down Stevie? True and Stevie show up and act a a fucking fool in that motherfucker? Like, mm. But he chilling now he married and he chilling out or whatever. Right. You, you wish he, but he you wish he'd been married then Stevie was a Motherfucker. Jack. Oh, Would you date publicly, Date publicly? Yeah. Would you know, have you and your girl on the internet, you know, on social media, y'all click, click. Look, we here. Look at Dion and his people. I don't think so, man. Not how the world is fucked up right now because people get outta their business and they'll tear that shit up.


But they don't, don't nobody wanna see you happy. Nobody wanna see you happy. So why display that? You know what I mean? It is like, we don't need to do that shit. And people who do that, that's fine or whatever. But do Each your own. I ain't to Eat its own whatever, but I just feel as though that motherfuckers is going try to destroy that shit than try and then get all in her ear or get in my ear about her. Right. You know what I mean? Right. Where I'm like, huh, I'd rather keep it real light. We stay little, you know what I mean? Because That's how I am. I I believe if, if, if, if you date publicly, you gotta break up publicly. Yep. If you date in private, You can break up in private, You can break up in private. And your problems don't have to be everybody problems And TMZ and nobody else has ever know nobody.


Man. I'm looking at like J-Lo and Ben and all that, that that should be nobody's business. Business. Nobody business. But if you go out there And put it out there With the ring and the gowns and all that shit, then yeah, you, yeah, you got that coming. And then you Should, you can't ask for privacy when you've given everybody public display. But Here's the thing that trips me out when you repeatedly do it. Yeah. You should learn from the first episode. You know what I mean? The first time that happened. But you keep Doing it The first five movies. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. The first five. It is like, after a while it's like, oh, you're doing this right. You're doing this right. You know what I mean? Has any other celebrity clipped you other than Stevie Man? Who else clipped me? I'm quite sure a gang.


I, there's a, it's a gang clip. Who, who you know, you know who a motherfucker is? I put him out there. Jim. Jim, Jim John. Is it not Jim John, Jim Johnson. He used to play Ball Jimmy. That's my guy. Jim Jackson. Jim Jackson. Jack. Jack. My dog. Jack. My dog. Jack, Jack. My dog. Now jj, Jack, Get it in Baby Jack. That's my shout out to Jack. That's, that's my dog. But I like, I like hanging with Jack, but boy, that boy go, Ooh, it's a good time with Jack. Girl. Hold on. I heard you dated one of Shaq's exes and you couldn't feel the shoes literally or figuratively.


Nah. Yeah. My man, I Why would you do that? Don't ever, don't ever, don't ever fuck after Shaq. That's what I, that's the point. Like don't just don't do that. Why? Why would you do that? I didn't know at the time. She told me later. I like, I, after I got up, I was like, man, that was, that was real hollow. I was real hollow. Why was I so hollow? I'm whistling in this one. What wey we nothing. Come on. Not Nathan. Touch nothing. Touch nothing.


Nothing at all. And I was like, and so I was just like, yeah. So who did you used to deal with? And she told me. And I was like, get the fuck outta here. I said, that's fine. You Should've told me that before, dude. She told me she should tell everybody before she should tell everybody. She should go, Hey, my name is such and such and you know, I fucked with Shaq. They'd be, oh, okay, well nice meeting you sister. Yeah, dude, Shaq, you ain't go back though. That's my nigga. Nah, I ain't Go back, man. That was, that was traumatized. I was traumatized. Jack, you don't don't, I'm telling don't nobody if if she fuck with Shaq, just keep it moving. Removing, just saying.


This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and You can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there.


If you are a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally. But don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, hvac, maintenance, and even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.