
Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Have you ever got caught cheating? I did. I got caught cheating. I was living with this girl and came home, turned the light on and the other girl I was dating Was in the, Was in the house. Oh. With Her, I was like, I got the wrong apartment. And they both was like this. Yeah. Yeah. Motherfucker, what you going to do now? Yeah. And da da da sat and both of y'all sat. I sat there calm, I was calm. I was, I was cool as the fines. I sat there and was looking at both of them and they did all they, what you gotta say now?


What you gotta say now? And I was cool as ice. I just said, who gonna stay with me? Which one of y'all gonna stay with me? That's who I'm explaining to. Wow. And one of 'em was like, ah, see, I knew you in the camera motherfucker. And left. And the other one sat there and was crying. I said, you leaving too? And she just sat there and she was like, and that's so, I explained it to her and me and her. We kept it going, Deal that your cold, that cold. I would try that. If I ever get caught inside that one. I'm saying I don't, I'm only explaining one time. I'm Only explaining one time to one person. You Or You, you or you. Who am I talking to?


Wow. I talked to her, me and her. We was cool. Ooh. Yeah. I told her exactly what happened on surreal shed. So what about marriage? But I get married. Yeah. I would like to get married. I, I, I would like to get married. But it, like, again, it's gotta be like, it's gotta be with that motherfucker, that friend man. No stress. No. None of that. Even if you feel stress, you gotta, you gotta believe in yourself that this ain't shit. This ain't bigger than us. You can't keep making situations bigger than us. Like you have to understand the situation at hand and know that if we are going to grow together, we're gonna constantly have issues.


Because the level that we are on now, we got issue issues on that level. Right. You know what I mean? When we broke, now, if we go here, it's new issues. Yes. With this shit. It might be, I gotta be outta, you might have to be outta town more. I gotta be outta town more. Now that adds more trust. You know what I mean? Now we get to this level. We got a new house, we got new that now we got new neighbors and shit. Now we gotta do this and do that. And the house, we got different issues with the house. Like we got dis different issues with the house. Like it's, it's, it's a, it's, it's, it is levels with, but, but for every level it's a new devil. You know what I mean? Yeah. And so therefore you have to deal with that. But You can let that be greater than where you trying to go in your situation.


And you have to learn from that, from each level. A lot of people, they, they, they go to another level and then they argue and they never think that, no, we got another issue. We got different issues on this different level. Right. If we now making money and we successful, that's gonna come with extra hoes, extra niggas and shit like that. And so therefore you gotta be able to handle that. Right. You know what I mean? And you gotta be able to deal with that. And then it's gonna come to another level where you don't even spend time together. Right. You know what I mean? And you gotta be able to be cool with that. So you gotta be able to, you gotta be able to know that we are bigger than any issue on this level until I find that woman, then we good.


But we, we, we definitely have to grow together and have some issues in order to grow. I heard you talk and I hear the pain, the love and your voice for your mom. Are you looking for that in a mate? You say that was your right hand. You say there is a place that you could always go and you could lay and it was perfect and you haven't found that in that one person. Are you looking for that in a mate? So I, I searched for that love and it don't exist, you know?


No, That's unconditional. 'cause your partner's gonna love you on the conditions. You don't cheat. You don't hurt me. You don't lie to me. You don't do anything. Your mom is going to look, you could do do the most heinous. Yes. She gonna say, yeah, that boy wrong and he deserved it. Whatever happens. But that's my baby. Yes. That's unconditional. That's, I'm not so sure outside of the family dynamic. You can get that. You can. And you search for it. When you miss it, when you miss it, that's when you miss it. You don't even realize what unconditioned no one who still has a parents even know what unconditional love is right now.


I don't think they know. They just know that they love their parents. You know, unconditional love. When you no longer have it. When you no longer have that shit, you be like, oh, that's what that was. And you search for it and you can't find it. I've lost women trying to find that, you know what I mean? I lost people in my life trying to find that, you know? But I also lost people in my lives, in my life from not allowing me to be different. You know what I mean? I'm no longer the same. And I never would be the same. So any, anything that you expect from me of how I used to be, and I'm not doing that.


I honestly think you selfishly around me for your, for your own good because of how I make you feel, but you're not willing to convert your feelings towards me. You know what I mean? So me trying to find that in women, I no longer do that. I, I, and I admit that. I think I have done that because I was looking for that feeling and I couldn't find it. And, and I accepted the fact that that is gone. That's gone. It's never coming Back. It is never coming back. And so now I feel kinda like the love that's there can't compete with that.


So I'm not as gungho when I have to contr, I have to train my mind to go that this is a different love that you have to invest in and you have to build it and grow it and build it to something. It will never be this. And you have to stop comparing. Right. And people who lose people, you have to stop comparing loves because you'll be miserable your whole day. Right. You have to go, this was that and that's over. Now you have to build another kind of love and another kind of trust with this person and keep, stop comparing and searching for this. 'cause you would never, you would never have this ever again. You know what I mean? And so that's, that's why I am with it right now, where I'm like, not trying to put that upon people and deal with it myself and, and just, and just keep it moving, you know?


Are you willing to change for a woman? Yes, I am. I'm willing to change. Definitely. And I, and I and I have changed, you know, I've changed totally, you know, in my older years, I'm no longer thinking the way that I used to think. You know, I used to think about career and jokes and stuff like that. And now my mind is different. You know, I'm older, I'm thinking about legacy, you know, I'm thinking about, you know, kid like setting up, you know, like, yeah, my son making sure my son is straight. You know, You want more kids. I, I, I don't know. I mean, maybe I'm not sure, you know what I'm saying? I, me personally, I don't feel like I really want to right now I feel like I'm too old to have a kid.


Yeah. And you know what I mean? I just feel like, you know, I, I wish I would've had more around the same time I had my son. Right. But again, that's, that's over. You know what I mean? But, but You see how quick, you said you willing to change. Yeah. Majority of the women are willing to change. He better accept me how I am. You see how quick the man was willing? You said, I'll be willing to change. Yeah. Men are always asked to change. Yeah. Women accept me as I am. Yeah. And that's real. And and that's, that's a word. And, and look, that's where a lot of disconnect is. You know what I mean? Because they're not willing to, to change and play. They play their position in a, in a, in a sense.


They may not because they go, Hey, take me as I am or not. Because that's how everybody else does. They take them how, how, how they are. When it's like, no, you have to, you have to make this thing work for you. You gotta look at how the good in this person and, and, and, and see what they can bring, what value they can bring, and then work from that. Right? If you really think this person can elevate you lovewise, money wise, spiritually, then invest in this person. You know what I mean? Don't, don't come with just your ways and your ways only and think that this is supposed to happen. Because yes, it's gonna be some people that will adjust to yours, but then they'll be miserable.


Right. And can you live with that person being miserable in your life? No. No. Like, like you, you, you don't even want that. Right. You know what I mean? Like, I, I don't want no, if, if I'm not bringing you joy, it, we shouldn't even be around each other. Didn't be right at all. Right? I, I, I, I, I went out with a, with a woman who wanted a kid and That's not where you were. I told her, I was like, man, it was the hardest thing in the world where I was like, you just gotta, I want you to go have your kid. You'll find love again. Right. But you gotta go, you gotta go have your kid, you know? And it was the hardest thing in the world. But I'm that type of guy where I'm like, I want you to have joy and I want you to live your, your, and You gonna be mad at me because I denied you with the ability to Be.


Exactly. And I don't wanna live with that. Yeah. And I don't wanna live with you looking at me all day long going, you know what I mean? And so I want you to do whatever it is you need to do in order for you to be happy. I'm big going, if it makes you happy, it don't gotta make sense. Whatever it is, if it makes you happy, it don't have to make sense. Right. Whatever your situation is. If you got a husband or you got a wife and y'all got some people on the side and y'all taking care of your house household, man, that's your business. Right? And you do that as long as it makes you happy. It don't have to make sense. Only to you. Only to you. Right. Where are you on, where are you on interracial dating?


I think nowadays, man, there's so much shit to like, worry about in the world. Why would you care about who dating? Who you know, but me personally? Like what I date outside my race? I don't think so. No, not at all. Like, not like being a full blown relationship like that. I'm not saying that I wouldn't, I don't know what happened. You know what I'm saying? Anytime I say I won't do something, it happens. So something Comes to you. Well, I lead this interview. I'm walking down the street with a white woman right now. Right after this interview. I be like, whatcha you doing? Like I said, I said I would. Yeah. Yeah. And that's why I got her right now because I said I wouldn't. So it's like, so it is like, you know, it's like, again, if it makes you happy Right.


Nowadays, go with it. Right. Like, I'm just all about people having joy. 'cause there's so many haters out here. There's so many people that disrespect you. There's so much hate, there's so much hate online comments, all that shit. It's just hatred. And it's like, dude, whatever makes you happy, just go do that shit. Go do that shit. Right. Go get happy and get out the way. Right. Because these motherfuckers are here to destroy you. They don't care what it is. They are gonna leave negative comments that I don't, I just don't, I I I don't get how they are right now in the world. Yeah. You know what I mean? I, I, yeah. One day I looked at Dwayne Wade page, dude. Yeah. I could The hatred that's on that man's page, dog.


It is like, That's that man's child, Israel. They want the man to disown his child. It's, it's, that's his child. Crazy. What, how does that, what, How is that affecting you Bro? It's the, it is the most weirdest shit in the world. And why do you think your opinion matters? I feel like this ain't no Fortune 500 motherfucker leaving. No bad comment. Nobody. No, because they ain't gonna fuck up they own shit. It ain't got time to leave nigga comments. It ain't something positive or something you wanna Yes. Leave out there. Then why would you leave that? So anybody that leave a negative comment, no. You showing, you showing your economic situation. You should not be doing that shit. And if you don't like what this man or this woman have going on their life, why you following them?


Why you, It's so, this is how fucked up everybody is. They will follow a motherfucker they do not like. Yeah. Just to see what this motherfucker do every day and fuck they whole day up. Yes. They hold, they Be fucked up. Look, we're looking at what this person do when all you gotta do is unfollow. I don't name the person, I don't get it. Dion name the person that don't like a particular food, but then go to that restaurant to eat. Name It. So you don't like this person. Why are you following them? Why Are you, and and it's so bizarre. That's what I mean. It's like the hatred and, and they wanna keep up with what that person's doing.


And they feel like they wanna see what they do. It is, it's so bizarre. People be on my page and they be like leaving the nastiest shit. And I be like, why? Yeah. What do you, what do you think I'm, what do you want me to do about your comment? And I never met you a day in my life. Right. What, what do you want me to do about that shit? There's nothing I can do about it. I don't even know you. I told people, man, I'm telling you like Martin Luther King and them. No, they, they couldn't have pages. No. Hell No. They couldn't have pages. No, they couldn't have pages. It's like, it's like you, you have a device where You can touch someone that you admire. You can talk to them.


Yes. That didn't happen on our day. No. Did it? No. You can talk to Prince. No. We never had that kind of access. No, no, no. We never had that kind of access. You Couldn't do it. You can talk to James Earl Jones. You can't do that. Now. You have, you have the ability to reach out to who inspires you. And you take that time to be in you. You be Yes. What you doing? What are you doing? Why didn't you ask them some economic shit? Or, or, Or, or, or how did you get into the business? How did you Get into the business? Or, or ask them about relationship advice or whatever it is. You know. And I think the best re I just wanna throw this out there. The best relationship care that You can have is watching the standup special.


I just wanna throw that out there. Have you ever did that, Your special Okay, Mr. And, and, and I ain't even just saying mine, but have you ever watched the stand standup special with a woman and Yeah. And what the comic was talking about, y'all discussed because they'll talk about relationship shit, right? Yeah. It's great. Yeah. Any couple should watch the standup special and they're, that help their situation. I just wanna throw that out there. Hello. I heard you had a bad experience with a threesome in Atlanta. What made you experience, what made you wanna try that? Well, one of the girls was in the NBA, the WNBA and that was kind of odd. Okay. I talked about it in my special. I know You did. Yeah. But that was a real situation.


Yeah. We, this girl was like, yeah, yeah, I want to get down with you. And I was like, yeah. I was like, man, I wanna get down with you too. Okay. She was like, yeah. She was like, I'm gonna call my girl up. I was Like, man, whoa. Yeah. I was like, let's go to the room. We go to the room, man. She walked in that mouth. I, she was like six, five hooper hooper hooper, like knee bandage Jones. She came in there like, what's happening? What we doing? And I was like, See, but see, see that ain't me. I, I wouldn't, I'd have never thought I'm old school, Doug. I like my women like basketball one on one.


One on one. You never had three schools? No. Never. No. No. Why? My attention span ain't too long. What? I need to focus on this. Right. What I got right here. Okay. You right here. So Really never, have you ever been approached? Yeah. And you turned it down? Yeah. Yeah. It is. Okay. Yeah. Me, I think the biggest thing is 'cause I'm afraid because I Really, Prior to becoming who I was, who I am now, I might've would've done it, but I had already started to become a known commodity. Yeah. And the last thing I say is, nah, it ain't, it ain't, yeah.


Yeah. It ain't worth it. Yeah. It ain't worth it. So I have to be, I have to be careful of certain situations now. But I, I mean, I, I like, man, I try to be, because you hear people talk about it, so Look that pretty cool. Yeah. So look, if the woman that you deal with, if she came to you was like, man, I got a young lady that want to join us this evening. And you trust her. Yeah. You wouldn't do it? Nah. Yeah. Mm. She ain't, you don't want see out this. Nah, I, I, I ain't gonna, I I, I, I'm not gonna lie. No, I wouldn't say do it just with anybody. But I would say that do it with some people that you trust.


Yeah. And that y'all, you know, y'all know each other and, and you know, it's good. But man, this, it's, I got tunnel vision. I have a singular focus. Yeah. I got the task at hand. I got it. And, and, and I'm all about that too. Yeah. Absolutely. Focus because Threesomes, somebody gonna get left out. Threesome, threesomes ain't like, would you be jealous if that's probably what it is? You don't wanna see them get down? Nah, they do whatever. Yeah, they do whatever. But I just a, you'll be like this a get excuse didn't, Your ass would be like, No. Nah, nah, that ain't, that ain't my, that ain't that never been my thing though. Yeah. That ain't never been my, that ain't never been my bag. Yeah. Like I, I'm, I focus on one person. Yeah, definitely.


But if the situation arrived and it, and, and it worked out. 'cause I've turned down that shit a gazillion times. But the situations that has happened where I'm like, yeah, that, yeah, this is cool. You know, and, and it worked out and it was, and it was beautiful. Yeah. And I've had it where it wasn't beautiful. Yeah. It was like, you know, it was like two girls, they just left me out. What? Yeah. Damn. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I was just sitting there. Y'all take, y'all didn't take that somewhere. I'm waiting, I'm waiting on, I'm waiting to get tapped in. Like, Hey, hold on. This be a tag team, man. Now come on. Now I'm trying every, every angle I can get. I'm trying.


Hey, you get the double Dutch. You getting ready to cook? I'm trying to slub in. They like, no go. I Was like, all right. Oh yeah, let me go get on my phone. Fuck it. What did I think it is in your special also where you women, younger women called an older man mister? Yeah. That's a, well, that's a eyeopener, ain't it? Yeah. I mean, I'm at the age that used to be old. You know, I, I remember when I was, I was a teenager. I was in my twenties. I mean, that old almost. Whoa, that ain't old. 56 ain't old. I don't care what y'all say. It was old then.


It was old now. It ain't old now. Right? Yeah. No, no. I mean, yeah, that's an Eye opener. That's why name my special that Okay, mister, it is like that simple phrase. That simple phrase sums up everything about you when you're getting older. Yeah. When a woman goes, okay. Or, or a young lady goes, okay, mister or mister, you know what time it is or Sir, and any of that shit. You like, oh my god, damn. Ah, I'm, I'm the chaperone in the party. You just be like, God, I gotta get outta here. I gotta go. How has it been for you dealing with the inevitable?


You're becoming older. It's, it's something else. You know? It's, it's, it's, it's, it's like the women are like, wow. They're like the older women. They, wow. Now, Jack, oh, the ones that been married for 30 years, 20 years finally divorced. Ain't had nobody else but him. Mm. Oh, they out here, they out here strong. They like what? Yeah. Oh yeah. They out here. Like, wow. What about them young ones? Are They out there too? See the young ones? The young ones Not too young. Yeah. I can't, I can't, you know, What's the cutoff?


What's the cutoff? I mean, off, you won't go below 28 Too low. I think. I think 32, I 35. They, They gotta have a older spirit. If they spirit is older, then, then, then I'm cool. You know what I mean? Like, if they're very mature and cool, then cool. But yeah, it just, yeah. Yeah. That's, that's, that's what I kind of look for. Just how mature are you and how do you hold your own or whatever. But you can't be having no future posters hanging up on, on the wall and shit. Like, You can't, you can't Have no amigos posters. So is there, is there an age that's too, too young for Dionne?


Oh Yeah. It's like 23, 20 23. Oh, 25. Yeah. Like, that's, that's young man. I thought you supposed to go half. That's, I thought you supposed to go half your age plus seven. Who told you them numbers? That's the one's. No, I thought that was, I thought it was a That's your grandma. Your grandma said that? No, I thought I really, I thought it was a thing. So if you go half your age plus seven, I ain't Never heard that in my life. Half your age plus seven. Yes. So 25. 25. 20, 25. 32. 32. That's, I've never heard that. What's the plus seven for? That's your cutoff. So half your age you 50, right? Right. Plus 7 32. So your cutoff should be 32. So anything from 32 moving forward, you good?


I mean 30 if they about to, but why are you Adding seven two If they about to be 31? If they about to be 32 in a couple of months, that'd be good too. But wait a minute, why do you, why do you Add the seven? That was just the thing actually, I, I think I Why don't You add five or or nine? Why is it seven? I just old her saying that's Some old, that's some old Southern shit you grew up, Which is Cool. I ain't at the south at all To let know that. But why, why is, why is it that people get upset that older men that date younger women? Have you dealt with that? Man, I've, I've seen it happen a lot of times. I just, no, I, I don't know. I, me personally, I like, you know, it's, it's got some type of connect.


It's gotta be some type of almost connecting with struggle. Oh. You know what I mean? We Don't connect. Okay. You didn't, You trying to hit that motherfucker out the Park, that's the gonna connect. I know we motherfucker Out the, I was like, I can't, I, I don't know. Like I, I, yes, I would be lying if I, I didn't say that I dealt with, I've, I've, I've had dealings with younger women before, but even then I just was like, I don't, you know, just that's your thing. Yeah. It just was, it was something that just, you know, I don't know. You know, I, I don't know. It's kind, it's kinda odd. But like I said, if they act very, very mature then very mature then Yeah.


Yeah. It's, it's all love or whatever, you know. But not, not if they like selfing in and all that. I can't man. Nah, I'm outta there. If I see all that shit happen. Bet you boy, get that selfie with you and You can right up in there. Nah, There, there was this viral video that you posted, I think you had on some bell bottom jeans. Oh, Shit. And, And then all of a sudden you and, and you come out with the bell bottom jeans. And it seems to be a thing now because everybody, even, even dress lax have a little wider bottom. It seems like everything goes back to the seventies because that was a thing in the seventies. Yeah. Everybody had White, everybody had wh Everybody had and all of a sudden Dion Gay Dude, it was the wildest shit ever.


I was just on some James Brown shit. The whole outfit looked like some shit James wore that he did wear. Yeah. And I was just like, man, I like this. This is dope. You know? And I was like, I'm gonna rock this shit and wore that shit, man. And I don't know why that shit went out the gate. I, to this day, I still don't understand that shit. I lost jobs. I had people quit coming to my shows. I remember For what? Man, because of my outfit. I had a woman tell me one time, she was like, man, I wish I could come to your show. But my boyfriend was like, I'm you not going to that gay ass nigga show. Like, and people, 'cause you people stopped fucking with me. Even people in the business. They stopped fucking with me over that. And I just could not believe that shit. I was like, wow, over outfit.


But here go the out here go the Ill shit Henry Styles. Yeah, from, from One Direction. Harry Styles. Yeah. He wore the same suit maybe a month later praised him. He was in GQ Magazine with the same, not aversion the same 'cause it was a Gucci suit, different demo D different, I get that. But still in awe. He was praised and won awards for wearing that suit. And it's like, it's almost like your people, our people, their, their shit on some shit and don't have nothing to replace it with. You know what I mean? They'd be like, ha, get your ass outta here and fuck you, da da da da da. Find nothing to replace it with. Instead of looking at it like, man, this brother's just doing his thing.


Or yo, he, he, he ran some shit from the past. 'cause that's all it was. That's shit. And they just, everybody In the seventies, all the big bands in the seventies, earth, wind, fire, Ohio Players, the stylistic, the Barbody, everybody wore That shit. Everybody, candy Pendergrass, band name, Marvin Gaye, you named somebody. They, they what they want to This day. People bring that shit up. That's, it's everything that I've done in my career, that was like the most monumental shit. And it's only with black folk. Ain't a white person yet came to me and talked to me about my well bottoms. But you know, who hired me white folks when black folks wasn't even Hi, when fucking with me.


I was doing all like white shows, TV shows and all that. Still getting my money quietly. Quietly getting my money and getting it, you know what I mean? But black folks, man, I wasn't on no best dressed list, sexiest black man or most successful. How can you have, man, I had hit at, you know how hard it is to have a hit TV show? It's like lightning in the bottom. Yeah. I had like 1, 2, 3, I had like three hit shows. Grown-ish, Blackish, Andy Tribeca. I had all these shows, hit sh hit shows and couldn't present, couldn't present on the award shows. Wasn't a part or nothing. Nobody invited me to no parties.


And still to this day, I don't go to that shit because don't nobody fuck with me like that. You know? And it's like, it's weird. It is like you, national commercial movies, all that shit, anything that, any other mo more than a lot of what other motherfuckers got going on that's invited to these shits. And I'm saying that, that I need to go to this, but I'm just saying like, to have these conversations with these guys and, and me, I think it all stemmed from, from those pants after those pants. It was, it was, it was down, it was down ever since then. All the way into, all the way into now. And I just never understood that. I never understood why my own people would do that shit to me.


Why do they, why, why are we so willing to attach that to our celebrities, our prominent figures in our community? Well, I think they, I think if I had to guess, I would think that they was like, yo, we look up to you and if you're being you looking gay or promiscuous, then yo then, then, then you let us Down. If the joke not as funny, can I not sing? They told me can I not act? Nope. Can I not play a sport They wouldn't need? Man, my ticket sales shot down after that. I couldn't sell out a room because of those goddamn pants, man. It wasn't like I wasn't funny or nothing like that. But you know what, it was a group of people who was like, nah, fuck that.


You funny. We respect you, we love you. And they rocked with me. And I just kept going at the pace that I went, all those that hated on me, that shit got old. And the new audience came and they was like, no, this motherfucker's dope. So all these motherfuckers that hated on me, they went to the wayside and a whole nother audience is up there. You know what I mean? A whole new people, people that love me and, and, and I fuck with them. You know what I mean? Right. And, and those that did that shit, that shit was hurtful, man. Yeah. That shit. I mean, oh man, that shit fucked with me more. So it was my people, it was my people that was doing that. It wasn't no other races. Yeah, it was my people. I was like, yo And pe and what people like gay and all that, but it, it shouldn't bother you.


I was like, why you saying it? So give me, give me give, give me the reason. So what do you hope to accomplish by that? It seems like you wanted me to become successful because y'all rock me. When I was on undisputed, you called me UNC and everything. Then I got these shows outside of undisputed. I'm on ES now all of a sudden, All of a sudden they saying that shit about you. And look, that's, that's all they, because they looking for something to hate on you about they looking for something that they can bring you down on. Right. And all of that. And then who's to say that gay is bringing down? Right. Why is that negative? I don't, I look it is the weirdest shit in the world. It's like, man, it's like, it is. I, I don't, I don't know what it is man. And I'm quite sure some righteous brother out there gonna be watching this.


And let me explain to your brother, and it is like, nah, that, that don't have nothing to do with it. Right. You still have to be human. You still gotta treat people with respect regardless of what they into all day long. Your opinion don't matter. And you should look at your opinion. You should look at all the opinions that you motherfuckers believe in. Which one made you richer, healthier, none of 'em. So why are you still leaving the motherfuckers? Because your spirit is fucked up and you constantly wanna just fuck over people and make them feel just as miserable as you doing shit. And they do that shit. But now you look out, everybody wearing bell bottoms, everybody wearing them, shit, they everywhere. They wearing the motherfuckers and videos and everything.


And ain't nobody talking shit about them. Ain't nobody talking shit about, but coming out the gate, you make these fashion choices and you either, you either the hottest shit moving or, or you burn, you know? And, but you gotta take those risks you gotta take. And, and so therefore I just, I took a risk and I'm gonna keep taking risks. Right. I'm gonna keep doing what I do. Right. And rocking what I rock or whatever, you know? And, and, and I'm not gonna worry about them. I think what I, where I fucked up was I, I responded, Respond. And they told you don't respond. Yep. And I responded and I shouldn't have responded to that shit, you know? But I ain't had no PR team at the time and no shit like that. And I don't now, but I do know and I'm just like, you know, just let people think whatever they want, think.


Yeah. But yeah, that was, that was, that was a Up because people gonna say fucked up, people gonna think, look, they were just looking for a reason. Yeah. Because, because here's the thing, I don't know how many people they, they're like, well, because they've never seen, I don't really post so, and I don't go on IG live. And then back to the thing, I was like, so let me get this right. The first time I've ever been on IG Live, that's what I'm gonna post. You've never seen me post anything. I have a, I think there's one picture you might find on the internet with me. And that was from 12, 13 years ago. But because I don't post, I'm, I'm very private. Yeah, it me too. You don't need too, you don't need to know what I'm doing. Me too. I'm the same way. I'm private as hell. Like I don't be putting, I don't be throwing shit out there like that. I put out there my work shit.


Yeah. Or whatever, A workout video Work, shit like that. But then that's about it. Not none of my, none of my personal shit. But I just think that it's, there's something with black men or black women and gay that hasn't been resolved and people don't want you to live and be you. It's like, it's almost like they want everybody to be the same. Right. And it's like, aren't y'all, aren't y'all bored with just the same shit? Like Lenny Kravis is refreshing to me. Right. That motherfucker go out there and net shirt and some leather shorts and this guitar that motherfucker be rocking and every woman in that motherfucker waiting lined up to get 'em. But Dion, The way I look at it is that what somebody eats what someone dresses like what someone are in their private life.


How does that impact me? It doesn't. That's, I mean, My life, it doesn't. And if you consume with your life while you consume with others. Yes. That lets me know your life ain't that interesting. It is not for you to leave a negative comment for you to say something, for you to sit back and be like, I'm gay, I'm this, I'm that. And the third you done just missed out on breaking bread with me. You done missed out on, we could've been breaking bread together. Yeah. Instead, you rather go I'm gay. Rather than go, Hey man, fuck that. I got you over here. These motherfuckers talk shit about you. I got you D fuck that. And I'm going, man, good looking dog. I appreciate that. What city you in Atlanta, when I come down there brother, we gonna hang out and we gonna da da da.


We gonna break bread. And now we now we now we now we now we breaking bread. You know what I mean? Instead of you leaving your negative ass comments, you fucking your chances up. So it's been many times people in the left a good comment in my page and I've been like, oh man, or man, I can't afford to get you your show. I got you. I give you tickets, come on through or whatever. And they come through and we take pictures and hang out and you know what I mean? Just being nice. But your negative shit, it don't get you nowhere. It gets you a bunch of people that's negative. Like you, you saying, ah, good one. And then where does that go? What money are you getting from that comment? Nothing. Nothing. And it's, and it, and it's, it's, it is a bizarre world that's going on with that shit. Because You write, you wrote a letter, a written, a Willie Lynch letter where you compared your experience to Willie Lynch's letter.


Why did you feel you needed to write that letter? Because I just felt like, I felt like, again, like I said, black people are notorious for building up their own and then tearing them down. You know what I mean? Yeah. Nobody's like reprimanding you or going, Hey, we understand what happened or, or, or, or that was a mistake or Okay, cool. Whatever. You know, like it's, it's just, it's, there's no leadership with us. You know what I mean? There's no, there's no place If another race says something fucked up about us, there's nobody to answer to. Is it if you say something about like a Jewish community or something like that. Yeah.


They have a community that you have to go talk to. Yes. That you have to. Yeah. Donate money, talk to tell 'em you understand, learn their culture, apologize Profusely, apologize for people and still no guarantee that it's gonna ever be back what it was. Let somebody say something about us. Who, who do they got an answer to? Nobody. Nobody. Nothing. Because We split it ourselves Because we split our goddamn selves. So how much unity do I, do you expect for me to have when you saying all these things or what kind of unity do you think that we going, we gonna have by you saying negative comments all the time. You know, we should be policing ourselves in a sense. If somebody do something wrong, we should be able to grab our own and go, yo yo, yo yo.


Yeah, he said that. But we got 'em. Take him to the naacp. The NAACP office to me should be a place where we go and we correct things and do everything. It shouldn't be for just award show shit and all that. This should be a headquarters that should be up in every goddamn city that we can go to and have a place for refuge or where we can go and hang out and talk and have conversations about certain things. Correct. Our own right. Deal with our own had talked to our own. If somebody do something and not shun away from 'em. Right. You know what I mean? Yes. There's a lot of black folks who be in situations and everybody get away from him. Don't nobody be around, don't nobody talk to him.


Don't do nothing. And I'm sick of that. I think that we should be like, yeah, he fucked up, but we got him. Right. We got him. Hey rest of the world. He said, sorry, he already said Sorry motherfuckers. We got him. Right. Come on man. I know what I mean. To take them and take them back and talk to 'em. And, and we don't have That. You know what I, what I learned though over the last year and a half is that, and my sister told me this. She said, Shannon, do you actually think you could have risen to the heights? You've risen without people looking like you? She's like, yeah, they gonna be a few that's gonna say thing that's gonna be jealous, gonna be envious, that's gonna dislike you. But the majority of the people that look like you, they got you.


She said, how you get that name UNC White people didn't give you that name. Your community gave you that name. Right. And it means something. Yeah. And I had to learn. The people that rock with me, I rock with them. And, and I'm the same way And the people that don't rock with me because, because I'm the same. You know what my grandfather said did, I'm gonna tell you something. I'm, he said the devil will never show up as the devil because if he did, you wouldn't do the deal with it. You wouldn't do the deal with him. Your Enemy will never show up as the enemy because you wouldn't allow me in your circle, Man, say that word man. Say that goddamn word dude. So now, Yes, We gotta be careful. You gotta be careful. Everybody that was in your circle, because you'll learn a lot as you start to go here and they don't go with you To watch.


Dude, the devil's the devil's best attribute is pretending he doesn't exist. To your point. That's the exact what thing, what it is. And you have to know that that devil is out there for sure and it is going to be out there. Right. But everything that you do, that devil is gonna be there and you gotta be able to, to to, to feel that out and maneuver properly. Right. Prayerfully until You can get out that situation. Or you deal with that situation. Because I, when I look at the comments like on on club Shehe, ain't nobody leaving those. Ain't nobody leaving that on nightcap. My people, my community, they rock with me. Yep. But if I post something on my own thing, they're like, y'all follow me just to leave that.


Yeah. Yeah. Y'all No y'all, y'all don't even like nightcap. Y'all don't like club shake shit. So y'all don't even come on to pay y'all don't, y'all don't like I don't even want 'em to get no views. Absolutely. I don't even think anything like that. Absolutely. But I was like, man, no. They gotta be something better in your life. And it's the same thing with my people, man. My fam that follow me. I know my fam my family that follow me when, when I do stand up, the shows be sold out and people be there. I know the love. I feel that love. It's a different love during that bell bottom shit. Yeah. This is a whole nother, this is a whole nother family that I got that I love and admire. They be, they there when I'm DJing, they there when I'm do movies, they there when I do whatever. And I feel that love.


And this is, and I'm so glad a group of people, the hatred that that was there, I'm so glad It's mother song. It's so small. It's so small. It's so Small. All y'all in the room together couldn't feel it, bro. But, but but but see our minds be kind of fucked up. Yes. Because we would read through 10,000 comments. It'd be that one comment that'll fuck your whole day up. You know what I mean? It used to be like that. Now I don't allow that Shit to happen. You absolutely right. I don't allow that shit To happen. Go to a stadium. There can be 80,000 fans in that stadium. 70,000, 79,000 of them are for you. Yep. But you'll hear that 1000 at Boo. You Are hit and and nothing else is. And and You can't hear shit else. But that On the real, I don't know why.


I'll do A show and it'd be 2000, 3000 people there and it'd be one motherfucker in the front row. I look at that nigga all night long. Like, what your arms folded for you. Yeah. Why you mad? Why you Looking so mad? You know, and, and you focus on that. But you have to train your mind that the energy that, but that's how powerful that hate is. That hate from one motherfucker is greater than a room full of Motherfuckers. Yeah. And you gotta know that. And you gotta know that. And I'm not about to let this, That you are my evening. These people, I'm not. I'm having a great time. I'm having A good time and all these other people having a good time. Yeah. And You can You can You can gone with that bullshit. I got, I got an opportunity to see it firsthand. Ocho and I for nightcap, we went on tour, went to Atlanta, Houston, and Dallas.


Yeah. Sold out shows. The love, the respect Great that I received. I said, man, you know what, these few that got something to say, I ain't even worry about that. I'm done. You don't need worry about 'em. I'm done. It it is no and void it. It knocks that out. That love that you received that love is it Does, it is real. It's powerful man. It It, it's so, and it's so nec. It, it's so necessary. It is. And And And I want people to know that your nice comments and the stuff you say man, for motherfuckers going through what they going through, man. That shit means something man. We love reading that shit. We love seeing that shit and we love providing that, you know? Right. It's just these negative people man, that, that be on your page. You be like, man, I could post something and don't nobody like it.


I'm gonna have 15,000 people telling me how fucked up I post something positive. 30 people will be on that motherfucker going, congratulations. Right. You know what I mean? It's like they love the mess They do. And you gotta understand that with this social media shit. And don't let it fuck with you. Don't let it bother you and you know, keep it moving. Stay prayed up and keep your business going. In the news, the last week or so, these Hollywood parties, they've been going back and forth at everybody. Old Hollywood party. Are you gonna be, what is the Hollywood? You go to the h have you been to one of the Hollywood parties? Hollywood parties? Yeah. Have you been to these parties that supposedly X, y and Z be going on? Nah, I haven't.


Again, I'm not invited to none of of that shit. Oh No. You real slow with that. Nah, I'm saying I ain't invited to that shit. Like, I promise you man, all the cool motherfuckers go out. No, don't nobody call me. Right. Don't nobody call me. Don't nobody be like, man, it'd be good to have D here. Right. Never had that call, man. And, and, and now I'm like cool with it. At first I was like, yo, what, what's the problem? But I don't even worry about that shit no more though. I, I've never been, I've never been a partier. I went to one party in college. Right. So as I got older it didn't, so it doesn't bother me, man. You such and such got something, I'm good. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm good bro. I'm, I, because I'm working because there's nothing really, I don't see how, what I'm gonna benefit that party to baby seed bump elbows with some slabs or entertainer.


Right, right, right, right. But at the end of the day, I, I'm past that stage right where going out and being at parties is a thing. It's a, it is like this. If I go out, there's a reason I'm there. If you see me there, there's a reason I'm there. Exactly. And know that Everything I do is purpose driven and It's purpose driven. Now I'll go to some small shit around LA few people. Yeah. And we'll hang out and kick it. And that's, that's my tribe. Right. That's my love. That's My group. We in there, we kicking it A few people. Ain't No few people Ain't no, ain't ain't no few albums Yet. All that shit. No. Ain't no pictures. Ain't nobody standing on shit. And we all just grown having a good motherfucking time chilling out. You know what I mean? I'll do that in a heartbeat. But as far as me sitting back just partying like that, like nah, I ain't even, I ain't even invited to that kind of shit.


Yeah. You like me, I, I gotta go. I mean, I gotta real, I like really trust the person. Like I know he ain't gonna have no bull job going Up. Yeah. I, and but, and I've been, I've been to parties, I've been to 'em. But you gotta go to 'em to find out if you want to keep going to him. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. I've been to him. I've been like, you know what, what am I doing here? What, what's going on? Yeah. What, what? It Ain't for me? What money did I make? Did I meet my wife? Right. Did I get healthier? No. Alright, lemme get on outta here. Right. Obviously The pd the situation PD did, he was on an episode of Blackish. Yeah. And, and you, you were there. Yeah. I mean, it, it is tough. 'cause I, like I said, I I I, I, I met the man one time.


Mm. Standing out in front of the mall. He dapped me up. His bodyguard da me up. That was it. I don't know the man, I don't know the man and so I don't even really feel comfortable speaking on the subject. Right. Because I don't know enough about it. I read what they put in the paper about the baby oil and all this other stuff. I saw the, the, the, the video with the situation that happened with Cassie. And that's Yeah. But what, what do you, what, what are your thoughts? I mean that I, do you have any So I'll never kick a man right down. Right. Regardless what he did. Right. If it was foul. If it wasn't foul, you know, I just keep my mouth closed. I won't write no jokes about it. I won't do nothing.


Yep. You know what I mean? Because I know how that feels. Whether you right or wrong, I just don't wanna be in the midst of that. You know what I mean? Where I just don't do nothing. But I wrote for him, you know, the Billboard awards when you hosted, right? Yeah. I was the writer for that. Right. And to be honest with you, the times that we had were some of the most inspirational moments I ever had with a, with a guy. I don't know how many billionaires you hang out with. None. They, they slide a little different. Yeah. They slide a little different. You know what I mean?


And seeing how he got down was so inspirational to me. That and that shit wasn't, he never, that shit was never happening. You know what I mean? Wasn't all that shit that everybody talking about. I not, but, but I don't drink and smoke. I don't do none of that. I came and took care of business and then deal knew it was out. But being at the house and all of that, it was, it was never none of that. He always had profound fucking words for me. You know, like, I remember one time he was like, man, stop spending your money on so much materialistic shit. He was like, spend your money on things that free up your time. He was like, you wanna be the freest motherfucker alive. He was like, spend your money on drivers, people cleaning your house, doing these things.


'cause the more time you have free, the more time you got to think about making money. And You can create and create. He was like, so spend your money on that. He was like, two hours in traffic is there's three meetings. Right. Or some sleep. He was like, that's how you gotta look at how to spend your money. And he was like, also he, he said a lot of people hate on him a lot, but they had the same, he was like, yeah, but they had the same 24 hours as he did. You know what I mean? As, as far as to make moves and, and this, which I, I thought was profound. It was like, right. We all had the same 24 hours, you know, he got a jet and all of that, you know, and I'm quite sure people will make jokes about this, but I'm being, I'm being for real.


Like, we all have the same 24 hours. You know what I mean? What are you gonna do with your 24 hours? Right. And, and how are you gonna change your family's life within the 24 hours? And that was what I took, took away from that, where it was like, wow, I want to use, I want to change and use my 24 hours a little differently than, than I had before. You know what I mean? And so these are things that IL because I like to learn, you know what I mean? Right. I like to learn, especially If I'm in the presence of somebody that I feel I can learn from. Exactly. And I look at them, I'm like, Man, it don't, yeah. And this is before any of that. Right. You know what I mean? This is before any of any of that came out. I was just like that. So, you know when, when that stuff came out, man, I just, you know, I mean I feel for everybody involved.


Definitely. And you know, prayer is out to everybody, you know, and Yeah. Yeah. I read that you was at a, you was at a Def Jam party and you asked Jay-Z to take a picture with you and you like, bear all these women here Hurt my soul. Jack Crush me dog Jay jump out of a car dog. Me and my boy Reggie outside. Right. We was the Def Jam party about six SUVs pull up. And we like, man who's this? Jay jump out. He gonna walk right up to me, yo. How the party? We like this. Damn. That's Jay. We like shit. That shit popping. He was like, all right, shit, I see y'all in there. We like bad.


He going there. Me and my boy Red high fiving y'all. That's Jay, y'all. We go to Party. It's this girl I know in there like this. And I see Jay over there chilling and shit. Everybody in there, meth, red, all the Def Jam artists. Right. Jay over there chilling, vibing out. And I told her girl, I walked up to her, I was like this, hey, take this camera. Right. I have one of them yellow boys that you zip, zip, Zip. Yeah. I gave her that. Right. I was like, look, I'm gonna go over to Jay. We gonna dance over here. When I get over here, I'm gonna ask her for a picture. Just have it ready and take it. 'cause I don't want him waiting. She was like, all right. Me and her dance over there. Me and I get over there. I was like, Hey Jay, can I get a picture? He was like, man, dog, all these holes in end, shit.


You wanna take a picture with a nigga? Fuck is wrong with you? I was like, I look at that bitch, that bitch dance back into the alley. You like, you right, you right, you right, you right. You Right. I Was like this, I, I just, I just wanted a picture. He was like, man, no, no. I said, all right. All right. Thank you very much. Yeah. And I left again, Dar didn't nobody speak to me in that party. The whole, on God damn. I mean, I, I, I, it, it's, it is tough in that situation, and I'm not there, but like, when you go to a vet like that, I mean, a lot of times they take, they take your phone. I mean, I've been to places where you put that phone in the bag. This Is early on. This Is like, yeah.


They put, now you go to some place like that. They put that phone in the zip bag. Oh Yeah. They, yeah, they, yeah. They take the phone, signed the NDA, all of that. This was like nineties. This when Jay was like white hot. Like white Hot. Yeah. Just like Jay was, everything, you know? And so, yeah. Back then it wasn't like that. Everybody had big jerseys on Right. And pants and all of that and Yeah. Yeah. It was a whole different ball game. You wrote for comedians, you wrote Ricky Smiley, the prank phone calls. Nick Cannon, you worked with Kat. What, when you write a joke for another comedian, how do you, because I remember asking, I was talking to somebody and I was like, I think it was Snoop, and I said, Dr.


Dre No Ho wrote a song still Dre Dre Day. Yeah. He wrote that song for Dr. Dre. But you gotta write the song knowing it's for him. Yeah. But it's coming, it's coming from through your creativity. Yeah. When you write a joke, I mean, you gotta write the joke. Like, this joke's for Ricky, or this joke's for canner, this joke's for Nick Canner. Right. This joke ain't for Dionne. Right. How do you, how do you separate yourself? So The majority of people that I've written for Conan O'Brien, all these guys I wrote for Conan for like nine years, eight years. When you writing for these people, these people are already characters, basically. You really don't even have to write a joke for them.


You just have to pay attention to them because they not paying attention to themselves. Right. So what I like to do, I like to pay attention to them and tell them what they just said, and it's so wild. And then write it in a way that they can say it where it's them. Because the more you, you are the less rehearsal we gonna have. Right? Correct. And so that's, that's my process of writing. It's like with Kat, the stuff that I wrote for Kat, Kat didn't even use, he ain't use none of that. He just, I would just tell all you have to do around Cat is go, he'll say something, you'll go, that's funny. And he'll go, huh. And then that'd be it. But you wasn't writing for Kat. Right. You know what I mean? It was, it was just, he'll be like, oh.


Oh, okay. But, but other people like you, like I would write stuff depending on how they, how they are. You know what I mean? Like Snoop is a character. Yes. You really ain't gotta write a joke for Snoop. You just gotta have Snoop say this, Be Snoop in a Snoop Way. Correct. You know what I mean? Yes. And then you got gold. You know what I mean? And so that's, that's, that's how it really was like right before all these people, you know, it's like just looking at how they are and having them organize what they should say in a way that they should say it. Right. And yeah, I was always blessed to write for, for people like that. Obviously we had, I had Cat on at the beginning of the year.


Yes, You did. People Still talking about that. It's now at over 76 million views. Jesus. And Aah caught a lot of criticism because of things that Kat said. And they said, I should have, I was like, when people come on, I have no idea. It's not like if, let's just say for the sake of argument, I was gonna interview a political figure. I have the questions. Now, I have also FactCheck situation. If they say X, Y, and Z, I would say, well, no, this blah, blah, blah, blah. Right, right, right. If I had the president, president of Trump, or if I had vp, Madam vp Kamala Harris, I, I, I could be able to fact check. But when I'm asking him a question, I don't know what he's gonna say. Exactly. You don't. So I Do you believe I bear culpability for what people say on my platform?


Absolutely not. You're providing a platform for people to talk. It's so mean. I I, we in the era right now, I ain't, man, I have never seen these many motherfuckers talk in my life. Motherfuckers is talking Right. On everything. I mean, everything you turn on, so motherfuckers is talking. Correct. So you can't control what these people are saying. Right. You know what I mean? But you did kick some shit off where now everyone's gonna say anything and everything, I think in order to like, To try to have that viral moment, like Yeah. To try to get that viral moment and you see it happening. Yeah. And then it's, it is just, it's not gonna happen. It was what y'all had was what I like to call just a moment in time.


Yes. It was a moment in Time. Yes. You were very just asking questions like you would do, he answered the way that he answered and the stuff that, that was the tripped out thing too. The things Kat was saying that was like, oh shit. A lot of it said, he said it before. He Said this shit a gazillion times. I don't know why that shit took off the way it did, because he done said it a gazillion times with you. I don't, I don't know everybody just, oh. You know what I mean? But I think maybe he hasn't said it in a while and that's, and that's what happened or whatever. But yeah, I just, I just think the, the situation is just, I, I, I, I don't, I really don't, I really don't understand that.


But I don't, I don't think that you are responsible for his answers. Right. That's, that's, that's, that's, that's foolish. I think a lot of, a lot of it had to do with is that what he did was peel the scab back or he peeled the layer back and let you see, because I didn't know that comedians, that this many comedians that, oh, I don't like him and he don't like me and he don't like her. And bu I didn't know, I didn't, I don't think a lot of people, because I think you guys did a great job. I don't know your relationship with all the comedians. I mean, there's so many and so many good ones, your relationship with those. But I think he peeled a layer back and it, and, and let people see the underbelly of the workings Yeah.


Of how it is in comedy. And everybody ain't buddy, buddy. Although, look, we are trying to get everybody to laugh, but No, and everybody ain't buddy, buddy. I mean, and, and hasn't been. I it is a, it's a few comics out there right now that it's just one comic. Man, I don't care what I do. This motherfucker got a problem with me every goddamn time. I don't care what it, to the point where I'm like, dude, what is your problem, dude? Why? Every time I even show up, why do you even think I'm thinking about you? Yes. I'm Not even thinking about you. But there's issues that comics have and they have their own reasons. Like you got comedians now that don't like younger comics. Right. Because they got it so quick. Right. You got older comics that, that refuse to move out the way, that's, don't want to accept that yo, they, they not keeping it moving no more.


They not writing no more. They not doing all this and trying to blame other people. The game has changed. It's a, it is a different ball game, but you can't be mad at them. So everybody's mad at everybody for some goddamn reason. You know what I mean? And it's like, that's never gonna change what Kat did. He just put it out there, whether it was true or false, he just put out what he, It was his truth. It was his truth. At the end of the day, it's nothing, Nothing more. Nothing left. Nobody Can Yeah. Nobody can change that. Right. And you, all you did was ask the question. Right. So, no. You know, ca ka Kat, and I think Kat knew what he was doing too. I knew Ka Kat Kat knew exactly what he's doing when he came on your show.


'cause Kat don't do podcasts. Like No, he doesn't. He don't. He doesn't. So he knew what he Was doing. I've been trying to, I had been trying to line Kat up for over a year. Yeah. And Kat doesn't fly. Kat took the tour bus and he wasn't gonna be on this side of town. Yeah. And I told a story that, that I went to my lawyer's office on a Friday, and as the door opens up, I'm getting off. There's this young lady about to get on. She's like, Hey, Shannon, how you doing? I was like, Hey, how you doing? I, I was like, I don't know you. She's like, you come here. I said, yeah, my Marvin, Marvin is my agent. She said, I didn't know that. I said, I've never seen you. I said, yeah, he's been here for like three or four years. She said, it's funny. She said, today is my last day. I said, really?


I said, well, congratulations. I hope. I said, so what are you, if you don't mind me asking, what are you going to do? She says, I'm going to be the executive assistant to Katt. Williams. I said, I've been trying to get Kat Wow. For over a year. This was a Friday. The following Thursday, Kat sitting in my chair. Wow. That's crazy. The following Thursday, we doing the interview. cj, who was my producer, and I remember when we wrapped the interview, CJ is shaking his head. So I cover my mic. I like what I like, what did I say something? Did he say something and he's telling me it's gonna break the internet. We're hoping to get 10.


I said, you think he'd do 10 million? He's like, yeah, he gonna do 10. He said, nah, he's gonna do 20. I said, 20 million. I said, nobody. I said, look, only Joe Rogan is doing sit downs that get 20 million views. Nobody else. Yeah. I said, come on, cj. He said, I'm telling you, Shana, he said, this is gonna be talked about all of 24. So we drop it that Wednesday and I'm looking, and I call him, I say, cj, do you see how many people are watching in the chat? He say, nah, how many? I say, 70,000. And then it jumps to 90, then it jumps to one 10. So we get to like one 30. I said, so cj, how many you think it's gonna do?


He says, it's going to, it's gonna be big. I said, cj, really? Woo. What I look, it got to like, we did 24 million views in like two days. Woo. And so CJ starts looking, CJ was like, okay. The record, I mean, somebody had like Fi Joe Rogan had two. He had won it like 40, 50 million. Another like 57, 50 8 million. Woo. I said, cj, you think we can get that? He's like, yeah, it's gonna break that. I said, come on. cj. CJ said, yeah, Jesus. And it did 76 million views in eight months. That Is crazy.


I never would've imagined it. And, and like I said, when he started talking and I'm, you know, I'm just asking what I do. I ask you a question. I let you take as long as you want. Yeah. I don't cut you off and try to direct you somewhere else. That's why the interviews go so long, because I don't cut the guest off because I want them to fully explain what they want, he or she wants to say. Yeah. And then I listen like some of the people like, well, Shannon shouldn't have let him said that. That's the whole objective of an interview is that you invite someone on. Exactly. And you let him or her say their piece. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think, let me ask you a question. Since that people that gave you opportunities and people that work with you and all of that, have you felt a shift with them?


Yeah, it happened. I mean, it changed once I did that. What a, like a jealousy. Yeah. Whew. Yeah. And you know what? You can feel it. You can feel it through the screen. You can Feel it. And I'm, I'm just going to not say the names. Yeah. I was, I was surprised. 'cause a lot of people, and I like guys, I I, I thought I was cool with Yeah. And I ain't say we, you know, we hung out. We went to dinner together, stuff like that. But things that I, I'd never said anything about them, but what Kat did, Kat did for Club Shehe, what the television did for sports.


Because before the television, you could only hear it. Yeah. So baseball, somebody had a home run. You couldn't see it. Yeah. Football. You could hear the, the announcer call it, but you couldn't see it. Yeah. He put Club Shehe on the map. Mm. And we had to be taken serious. And I remember having a conversation, I called the team cj, who's the EP of the show here and now, the EP of the show. And I said, cj, I'm not gonna make myself sick. This is our thriller. Yeah. Michael Jackson made himself sick trying to recreate Thriller. Yeah. He did. Bad was amazing. Invincible was unbelievable. Yep. But it wasn't gonna be Thriller. It ain't gonna be thriller. And you have to be okay with that. Yeah. As I said, cj, as long as we do great content, the likelihood of us ever getting another video to do this is, is, is, is is Hailey's comment.


Yep. But I'm okay with that as long as we continue to do great content. And then people started saying, well, he's trying to get, I invite people on. They shared their story. Monique showed, shared a story. I went back and looked afterwards. Monique has said a lot of the things that she said on my podcast. She has said it on other shows. Yep. It is crazy. It's, it's the effect that you have, brother. I'm telling you, it's the effect that you, that you have put out there, that this, this generation has, has tapped into that other people haven't. And I think that it's your demeanor, your character, and the way that you carry yourself that brings the, the best outta people and the vulnerableness outta people.


And people wanna, They wanna share their story. It's, It's, it's, it's a safe space. You know what I mean? And, and you, and you genuine. But that's Yes. What you provide with this is what you provide on first take. Yeah. And, and, and, and, and the Undisputed what I wanna show Undisputed, it's, it was always how genuine you was. You know what I mean? And and you provide that now. Right. And if you just keep doing what you doing with that genuine shit, You can be the best motherfucker at anything you do. Because it is not the thing you do. It is how You Doing the thing. You know what it is, is that the one thing that I do is that before I interview anybody, I never look at previous interviews because when you come sit down across from me Yeah.


I'm not looking at you with judgey eyes. I have no predetermined idea who or what you are. Yeah. I want to come up here and I want to genuinely have an authentic conversation. Yeah. And that person will open up because they can look at me and say, he ain't judging me. Yeah. And you feel it. I felt the same way. Like we didn't go over no questions, none and do none of that. No. We sat down. It was, it was love. And we sat down and we talked and that was it. And feel more comfortable than a lot of interviews. Right. You know what I mean? I honestly, do you know, You know what, Dave Chappelle, you were at the show when Dave came on stage and re and was, was responding to Kat, am I correct?


Yeah. That was in San Jose. No, I was It was in the the improv. Improv. Yeah. I was with him. Yeah. He felt that Kat shouldn't have said he shouldn't have said those secrets. Right. Because other races don't share their secrets. Exactly. Yeah. Kat should have gone Go ahead. He thought, he thought Kat should have called and made a call and talked to people instead of saying what he said on, on, on, on your, on your platform, whatever. And that was his whole thing. And he was like, he didn't want other races seeing us going at it like that. And so that was his, his whole big deal. He just felt like a conversation could have had if he really felt like that.


You know? And so I felt like, no, if motherfuckers ain't calling each other and that's on his heart and you got a platform and he won't talk about he going, he gonna bring it Up. Yeah. If you probably now I, I don't know how a conversation, how it works and, and in a comedic community, but if I had never talked to somebody on the telephone, the likelihood of me picking up, if I got a problem with it, pick it up the phone, thank ain't gonna happen to You. It ain't gonna happen. So therefore what Dave is saying, I get it. Right. But that never was gonna happen or it would've happened. You know what I mean? Right. Yeah. So, Nah, the ne at the bru, the, the festival Netflix Is, a Joke Festival brunch, Dave Chappelle, Katt Williams, Kevin, Hart Kat left before Kat got there.


I mean, Kevin got there. Tiffany Haddish, Mike Epps, Lil Rel. Did you, did you interact with any of those? Did, was there any, any tension or did you notice anything? No, No, no, no. We had a good time. Okay. No, we was, we was chilling. Nah, there wasn't no tension whatsoever. Right. We had, we had a great time. We taking pictures and Yeah. It was, it was no beef whatsoever. Wasn't nobody on nothing or whatever. And I ain't even notice that Kev left Cat lift. I mean Cat left before Kat got There. I know he Yep. Kat did leave. He did leave. Yep. 'cause I was looking for him. 'cause I didn't see that was the only person I didn't see was Kat. Right. But I saw everybody else. Right. Definitely like right after that picture that I think he left. Right. But my thing is, man, we got, motherfuckers got too much money, too many jokes to write about.


Like come, like all this beefing back and forth. I don't know if they think this is a way to keep everybody relevant. Right. Or whatever. I don't, I don't even understand what's going on myself, you know, but to eat your own. But people eating this shit up and people think that they can keep doing it. You know, I told some people I was coming on the show and they was like, who you gonna talk about? That's exactly what they said. They was like, who you gonna talk about? And I was like, this, what the fuck are you talking about? Like, I don't, I don't, I don't nobody talk about like that. I was like, no, not like that. Like no, but that's the mentality. Now the mentality is you come on club, she Shea, who you about to this. Right. And it's like, I I, I think the thing is that when you look at it, Kat shared, I mean we've had 150 interviews.


Yeah. Kat said what he said and Monique said what she said, but we gonna go to Amber Rose People be wildling. You, you kissed Amber Rose on Blackie. I did kiss Amber Rose on black. You talking about I sure did. And I kept fucking up so we can keep shooting. I fucked my lines up about 10 times. I like, we gotta shoot this again. Come on, come here. I give some of that. Yeah, Man, you Yeah man. Come on man. Huh? Yeah, sure did. I love that. Amber.


Amber was, yeah. Amber was good people. Yeah. Good people. Yeah. You would flirt with Tracy Ellis Ross on the show. Tracy fine man. Come On man. That's Tracy fine. Jack. That's boy, she fine. Fine. But I just, I, and I felt like I didn't wanna like be with her, be with her like that because this royalty, that's Diana Ross's daughter. Not saying that I could have been with her or she could have been with me. I'm not saying that at all. But I did flirt with her. Definitely. But I started thinking like, you know, she's royalty. Diana Ross's daughter. I'm like, she don't, she don't, she don't know how to do chores.


Right. You know what I mean? Had pretty, did the tour in her life. You know, she Could, to do Everything. She don't know how to make a sandwich. You know, I'm gonna get you outta here. I'm gonna get you outta here on this one. Now, Dionne, Jonathan major, he, you know, he had the issue and seemingly like, Shout out to Tracy. I love you baby. Everything got snatched away. Oh. But John, John, I mean it's that for me, the, the thing that I, that I, that I hate and that I could be wrong and maybe I'm just overreacting, but it seems like we get held to a different standard. Like we make a mistake and they just burn everything down to the ground. And other, and other groups get to make a mistake. And it's okay.


Again, back to what we was saying earlier, we tear our own down, man. We tear him down. And because he had a white girl that just really made black folks go, that's what he, That's what he did. Duh, duh. And it's like stealing all, that was one of the greatest actors of our time. Yeah. And he was, he was starting to blow Too. Man. I worked with that man. Okay. On that man changed my, my way of thinking when it come to acting, you know, on a, on the heart of they fall. Right. You know, man, I saw, I saw this man walk around in character when the camera was off. He was walk. Man, I saw that on his days off dog. I would see dude at the gas station and ca and his cowboy outfit like gone like, like what are you doing?


You know what I mean? Still Sharing character. What are you doing? Like that dedicated, that was, that dude is a motherfucker. You hear me When it come to acting, man, he's so cold with it. And so to have someone that talented be overlooked by a situation, it's a situation. It, it, something happened. Why? I don't know why everybody want everybody to be perfect as fuck. Yeah. Like, ain't nobody perfect. Whatever such situation happened, it happened. You know? Okay. His mentality. His mentality, but still in awe. He still one of the greatest actors of our time. Right. He really is. And so I hate that that happened to him.


You know what I mean? I hate that it happened to him. And again, I just hate that there's not a place where black folks can go, Hey man, I apologize. And everybody go, alright man. Okay. He's apologized. He Apologized and this is what he about to do for the community, for us. Right. He about to do this for the community and we gonna be good y'all. Right. That's what it should always be. It should always be, Hey, what you gonna do for the community or what you did or, or how you gonna make this better for us? Right. As a people, we bring them in and make sure everything okay and shit. You know? And that go with anybody that do anything fucked up, you know, that's our own, that's our people. Quit tearing, quit tearing motherfuckers down and getting rid of them and don't have nobody to replace 'em with.


'cause we don't. And we don't, we don't replace 'em with nobody. We just get rid of them. Right. And it's like, no, everybody make mistakes. Let 'em learn from their mistakes and then we keep 'em motherfucking moving. You can, You can, You can. And before, before we go, You can bad situations make a lot of things good happen. You ever order some food and they fuck your food up. They'll be like this You can keep that and we'll all you green your other one, you'll be like this for goddamn damn. Yeah. I just keep fucking up. Yeah, right. Stop with y'all to keep fucking up right now. You got two plates. Two plates. Yeah. You get what I mean? Yes. So therefore with these fuckups quit looking at, oh it's a fuck up. Just look at it like, man, that's a fuck up.


Now what good can we get outta this? Just always look at what the, what's the good we can get outta this in any situation and it'll work. You know, Go check his Netflix special out. Okay. Mr. Dion Cole, appreciate you bro. Thank You Shea. Thank you. Allie Lounge on 66 at Resorts World Las Vegas for allowing club she shea to film our very special segment here today. Keep up with Allie Lounge on social media at Resorts World Las Vegas and Allie Lounge Las Vegas All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice, the all my life.


I've been grinding all my life. Love all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll D. All my life I've been grinding all my life.