
This is an iHeart podcast, Bettering your business. Takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today. Hey, When's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5. Because we have all of the hip music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI love this Station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day.


In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa Snap. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey, music station hot 99 5. What's that? Okay, boo. Hi. Really? Well, you need the skincare. I think at this point You just need to come out with your own skincare line. You know, the glow is glowing. It's really water, it's happiness. It's don't tell, don't tell them. You know, I, I might have to drop something, You know, you might have to drop something sexy.


Felix, how have you been? I have been, do you hear my voice? It's kind of a little, it's a little off. I've been in the kitchen at Smith and Webster on the weekends and I mean, I'm overwhelmed. It's, it's in such a great way from running the line of being a prep cook as well as getting to know everyone's energy. So it's becoming familiar to me now. And just being in the kitchen, I'm just fueled by passion. So I'm just like living it up. But I'm like yelling at the staff and like telling the orders up. And it just was a long, long weekend. We have dinner on Friday nights and Saturday nights and then brunch.


She's always catch the brunches. Yeah, yeah, the brunches on Sundays. And it's a vibe too. So it is just been packed. It's been overwhelming, but it is been great. At the same time, I'm happy my mother and my aunt came by on Friday night and celebrated her 82nd birthday. So that was fun. The fact that they got to see me and before she left to St. Louis, she got to see me in my element. So it was a proud moment and full circle moment. 'cause now I could like nourish them and give them food. So it's, it's great, You know, and then my house is quiet. My, my children are away for the summer and I'm just like, dunno what to do with this, this newfound piece.


So I'm just low key, just enjoying that and adjusting to it and, and happy and grateful. So here I am. What about, I know that's right. I'm just living my best life. Good stress spirit freely, You know, I've just been enjoying life. I'm traveling and, You know, I'm about to get ready getting my costume, my outfit together for the Beyonce concert. And Harry, when is back, I'm about Juneteenth, so I'm actually gonna go, she's gonna perform on Juneteenth and then, You know, while I'm there, I may go to the South France. You should, You know, you should enjoy the beautiful life.


Yeah, you should, You know, this is the time to be traveling, You know what I mean? Like the summertime and very much, I feel like Miami's kind of like a, it's not, it's not as busy as it is because everyone's done with school and everyone leaves. Everyone is like, oh, we're in Italy, we're in the south of France and all of that. So we definitely, I hope that she's sitting in her second trip. You know, she just graduated college, so she's sick in her second trip alone with her friends. It's gonna be good graduation trip. So I love, she's about hr. I'm like, now it's the time to live and then I have to, You know, get her every, we're gonna throw her a Trump party and send her off to college. That's amazing. So be great.


Excited. Be great. I know. I was like all for it. I was like, I'm big sis now. I was like, don't call, call me big sis. I love that. I love that. I do. I do wanna mention, I do wanna, real quick, I do wanna mention, I was in the culinary space, the, at Smith and Webster, they do a great job of incorporating the students of Job Corps. And I, unfortunately, it was my last weekend with two young students whom depended on this program that unfortunately had to dissipate due to the new administration, there was no funding.


So a lot of students that are, You know, underprivileged and also wanna just to do it, You know, have a, a path in a professional field are now being forced to leave. They don't know where to go. They lived there, they were bused there, You know, just very much given the opportunity and so many professionals use Job Corps. If they didn't have that, then they would've been stuck in, in these impoverished communities and very much stuck in the system. So I just wanna send out a shout out to the two students that were there. I just wanted to wish you guys good luck. And it's unfortunate that it's a lot of students, a lot of kids between the ages 16 and 24 that are now affected.


So sucks. So I just wanted to give a shout out and give them some, some glory real quick. Aw, that was sweet. Like this, it does suck. You know, terrible how they spend their money and how they budget and how they just cut everything that, that means. Something like we putting money towards irrelevant crap right now. It sucks. Yeah. But I do have a program since we're talking about that. I, but my program can veterans. So with the lower realty, if you are a veteran and you're stationed out of Florida, they have a, a program that's, that's called the Bridge Program where basically you're transitioning it.


If you wanna get into like, let's say, real estate or be your own entrepreneur, I, I have allowed veteran military personnels who are transitioning from the military into civilian life to come shadow me. So I still have that program though I don't get paid for. But it's a, it's just something to give back to support and help veterans because it's hard, You know, being in the military and that's all, You know, and coming back into to the civilian life, like it's hard to adapt back into that. So, or even get into that civilian life because like me, that's all I knew. Mm. You know, I went from high school straight into the military world and that's all I depended on.


So I did start I to help military personnels transitioning from being a soldier back into the civilian that, so if you are in the Bay Area, all Lord Realty, welcome to I love being hear that, You know, it's each one teach one and it takes a village for sure. So Yeah. Yeah, it definitely does. Well let's get into it. I'm glad everything's going good when I'm in Miami, I have to come check you out. L sexy l The only thing I, with Smith, and I remember I used to go there a while back and the grits, they wasn't like your regular Southern grits they used, do they still use the They use a, it's, they use a Georgia grit and a p like, it's, it's not, it, it's been, it's been in that pot for a couple hours and it's just, they're delicious.


Wait, they must changed it because they ain't used to use the southern grits no more. They, I mean they used to use a different type of grit. It wasn't like this, this one. Yeah. So I, this one nice and creamy, You know? Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna have to come check it out then. Alright. All right. Since we are talking about it, let's get into swim week. I was watching and the girls were killing it. The recap of, were they on 10, the baddies, were they on 10? So did you check out any of the shows? Lex? Unfortunately I was not, I was taking, doing the runway in the kitchen at, in the back of the run.


Okay, okay. Yeah. But I did see a few highlights, You know, other than that I was watching and the girls were serving. I love that. The walk some, some of the girls needed some work on they walk, but the bodies were on point. I'm like, oh, You know, I, the, the way I do follow up is a, a few of the girlfriends that we follow, like, shout out to Bunny and Buddy listen. So Yeah. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? That's, I got to see Swim, swim Week through them too. Yeah, she shut it down. I was just, it was her, her whole Instagram was a movie for me the whole week this. Right. Because I was excited to see all her, looks like she was serving the waltz was there, her husband Pinky sweats was there supporting her.


I was like, girl, you are killing it. Yeah. So shut up. It's a big deal here in Miami. You know, I didn't know that until I ended up going to support friends over the summer. But like, it's a big deal. You know, we, Miami is copping, it's always something going on in Miami. I know that there's different like, fashion weeks around the, the United States in different times, but swim week in Miami hits different. You have the beach, You know, the, it's usually great weather. So it's like, You know, it's that last little cusp of entertainment before everyone kind of starts to relocate for the summer. So I love that. Yeah. Shout out to the, my biggest, like my biggest highlight was Jordan.


When Jordan was walking the, the room for her swimsuit on, she did a front flip and kept strolling. I was like, girl, you better, you better, you better walk it. I think she should, she had the best walkway and she was the highlight over the weekend of swim week. So shout out to our girl Jordan. Jordan, yeah. To the, any athlete into the whole fashion space. She is our of the week. I love that. You know, as she should use the runway. We saw her on the main stage of the USA oly, well representing the USA in the Olympics. And so we are just cheering for her all the time.


And she is a batty. I love seeing the different, speaking of that, I love seeing the different standards of beauty. And she's a shorter girl being, and, and, and very strong and just her thighs and just beautiful in her own way. And so like, I love the fact that we can see a plethora of bodies. Your body type. Yes. Because everyone, You know, we live in swimsuits out here. It is, it's basically where our islands are and everyone has a swimsuit and everyone's confident from around the world. So I love that she did her front flip. I mean, we get to see her do it in her element and like she up upped it a little bit because not everybody could do that.


You know, the straight line, you got a little price to it. You have to a little past a Jordan to some we, yes. I love it. I love it. Would you rather lay the wrong way or, or not? Would you, like, would you, at today's age, would you give it a stroll? Yeah, why not? I'm actually the most confident I've ever been in my, in my life. I wish I, I tell my girls all the time embrace their bodies because, You know, gravity takes over and aged us too. But I would definitely represent for the baddies of my, my body type and very much like strut my stuff.


Depends on the type of swimming suit though, You know, like when I, when we on the islands and we way the thong will come out, You know what I mean? But that's not for the runway, You know what I'm saying? I don't know if that's gonna happen for, I mean if we'll say relax because you got that body girl thong, not for the runway, but I definitely, You know, the beach way when it's like the girls trip or You know, a couple, just myself and a guy, then that, then that'll happen. That'll come out. But other than that, I, I would probably do like a high wasted situation and, and just shred my stuff for sure. What about you? I definitely would, You know, I have a walk.


The walk has always been there and I feel like I'm, you've gotta walk, so you gimme that walk. But I am stage frightened, so I don't know. I would have to drink. I am shy. You the real, I'm sexy Lex. Like, I'm really shy in real life, like, oh my gosh, with and with the cameras and everything, if I can look past that, but people actually looking at me and all eyes are on me. I do not like that. Well, you could definitely shut the runway. Like, come on now. I know you could.


I can get on with a little sexy walk. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Are you comfortable in a certain type of swimming suit over another other or it's just whatever for you? Because you, I i being you sis like I, yes, I have been working now. I've been getting rid been get rid get then get rid of the fact that, but I hate my tattoo. So if I could go back and and remove that, I would. But yeah, I would, I would probably rock both either or. Yeah. I guess the standard of beauty is, is a, a whole spectrum now, which I love. You know what I mean? Tall, short, wide, skinny, You know, whatever the case may be, I'd love to see it.


So we can definitely do it. We got the energy. Shout out to the ice, shout out to the ladies who was killing it during swim week. Bettering your business takes working with the best, with the James Hardy Alliance. You gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today. Yeah, we talking about bathing suits and all this. Now our girl carting was showing out on the boat with Stefon Diggs. Yes, yes. And it was a lot of going back and forth between Stefan and Offset and Kirti and her soon to be ex-husband too.


It's just a lot of feelings, a lot of emotions. And she was wearing that swimming suit baby. She was, she was definitely wearing a swimsuit, but it was a lot of controversy. People talking, people were, were supporting her because allegedly she, You know, she came out and officially announced her as Stefan digs by the post that they put put on and, You know, offset. And Stefan was throwing shots back and forth, subliminal posts back and forth. My question is, because I was looking, I know people support, but I don't know, I just feel different. I, I want better for Cardi.


Cardi is a mom now, and I feel like, You know, she went from one relationship to another and Stefan does, does not have the best reputation when it comes to women. And a lot of his exes and women that he dealt with are saying, You know, you went from one dog to the, to another one, and maybe he's a he's worse. So it's like, I've been different about it. One, people can't help when they meet each other, You know what I'm saying? I believe in divine timing. I also believe in like, following your heart and just being happy. I don't, we don't know the, I feel like we also put too much pressure on everyone. One with a soft launch and now they, now we are expecting them to do X, y, and z and then, or a hard lunch or whatever.


So it's like I'm low key, wanna stay outta people's businesses because I'm just like, look, You know, it's too much and one week they'll be this way and the next week we don't know. And so it's just like, it's tough because when you're public figures, people wanna s yeah, they wanna speculate. They want the best for you too. And then they're gonna also chime in on your relationship, your status, who you with and all that kind of stuff. So it's added pressure. So I think whatever's making her happy get through this time, because divorce is not easy. And now you're, you have children, you have businesses, things you've built together as a marriage. But see, at the same time, you gotta move on too, You know?


But I feel like that's the problem. Us as women, we go through, we always, we move on too quickly. Not saying that she did, but we think that, You know, because you found somebody that temporarily makes you happy, you're in a good place, but all you're doing is just putting a bandaid over the womb. You're, you're repeating that cycle. I was in that, You know, space at one time and I, I had to learn like, I can't continue to depend or, or find a man to continue to make me happy. And you're going to that same cycle, finding that same type of man. It's like you just keep on repeating the same steps over and over and over again. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, and it's very hard to transition too. Like when you go from a breakup, like being with someone for so long, learning them, understanding them, planning with them to a sudden breakup and now you're like trying to figure out like assets and time and whatever the case may be, it's definitely hard.


It's traumatic and you get triggered from anything like red flags or something, traumas and triggers that have happened in that past relationship. You also don't wanna bring it into your new situation, your new friendship or your new partnership with someone. So it is definitely a healing space. Marriage is one of the hardest things in the world to do. And the fact that, that they even tried for love, You know, it failed, which happens ob obviously all the time. But the fact that she's willing to give, like, give it again like you, You know, just really be a awo. A woman that wants to love and be loved and they're having fun. You know what I mean? Like, I guess, what is it, six months or something like that that they've been together.


Whatever you guys, yeah. You getting older. But that's the, the beautiful thing is this too. Like, I mean, I've been told no one's gonna want me, You know, with four kids and, but it's not even, it's not even that. It's like, it's just like, where are your kids? And You know, where are the they's just people are chiming in on so much, what do you think? What do you, they shouldn't worry about. I'm sure Cardi is a, a great mom. It's not, it's not that like where are your kids? It's more like, heal yourself first and then find someone that you can't keep going, repeating the same cycle. I mean, this man was just on a boat with you and other women calling him daddy.


It's not a good look. I mean, it's not a great look. But we also don't know their bedroom situation, what their thing is. I mean, obviously like, You know, you, I really don't, You know, I don't, I hate, that's the one thing I don't like to do is be in people's bedrooms with them. So we don't know what their preferences are and what they're into, but she's having fun and so is he, You know what I mean? That it's just, it's summer, it's, it's their lives and I guess it's, it's hot girls. So by any means necessary, you gonna do whatever it takes to make it look better. And I agree, you do need to heal from the first situation and You know, just, and before you get into anything else, 'cause that's not fair for the new partner.


That's not, You know, take the time to build a friendship and really get to know somebody and really know yourself too. Because you're mourning, you are grieving, you are, You know, adjusting. And, and Artie is a Libra girl. She's a lover girl. Libras are lovers. Yes. No matter how much we, You know, f this, I ain't trying to be in no more relationships, no more. I'm done. We fall in love. We are not, it to just be outside. Like that's not locked down. Like we wanna be locked down. And our whole mindset, we think that, oh, we can change somebody, this, that, and the third. Oh, they gonna fall in love with me and you gonna end up getting your feeling hurt.


We all been there. Yeah. Oh, I've been praying for my girl Cardi. You know, have your fun. But don't, don't lock it in. You think it's like a, you think it's like a rebound? I think she just going through her stages right now. I hope and pray. She just going through her stages and it's nothing serious. Okay, well that's that. But I'm happy that she's happy. Same. But I want Cardi to find real true love. I just want her to be at peace and, and make some more music. Maybe this is inspiration. Our girl, Gabrielle Union, she hit, she did a interview, a po a podcast and she was basically saying that she has a one strike rule.


Like now at this age stage of life, I don't have time for the bull crap. Like you got one time to irritate me and your block deleted and blocked. How do you feel about that LI agree with her 100%. I am learning the power of no, what is worth my time? What is not worth my time? Who values me and who really wants to, to really who do I want in my space and to disturb this piece in, in, in a roundabout way. So yeah, bye. If you're not adding value and on this journey with me, then you don't need to be here with me. One time is enough. If you are rude, if you are not irritable, if you are just very much not for my growth, I will 100% not need to have that conversation with you.


It's sacred to be in your space. It's sacred to be in your, your just your life in general. And not everybody's meant to be there in the long term. So I'm okay with letting people go, whether that's family, whether it's business, whether it's anything. I'm definitely one of those ones I will give you. If you are doing something very disrespectful, then we just, we have no ties. I actually just don't have to see you. I don't wanna be in your presence. You are gonna see me, You know, in the passing. But we don't have to be in that, be around each other in that capacity. And I, you don't get this energy anymore. So I'm all for it. And yeah.


What about you? I kind of, I kind of disagree because I mean, sometimes we have bad moods and we're in, we could be thinking that, You know, any and everything irritates us so somebody can catch us on a bad day where it's not even their fault and they're just beco they're just irritating. And we sometimes, You know, when we're in those type moods, we take our stress and we don't even look at it from, it's just anything can aggravate them. So I don't look at it like that. You have really have to do something to a point where it's just, it crosses one of my boundaries where it is like, okay, I'm gonna cut you off. But I am always open no matter how old I am to giving people a chance.


But there's boundaries that are set. Gary, she, she said, I'm at an age where if you irritate me, she ain't playing no games. You like, I'm, time is precious. And You know, again, in your space, in your bubble who you allow in your home, who do you show up for? Who do you spending time with? Time is valuable and we definitely take it for granted. And I'm not, You know, you show up for those who show up for you, you're gonna pull up and you're gonna be there for those people. We don't have time for the people who wanna see us fail and, and negative and heavy energy. I'm not doing it for me. Yeah. It's non negotiable.


Yeah. Before I could get ran over, You know, people, people would take advantage of that kindness and, and then they start planning your face. And we don't have time for that no more. Not at all. I do, I do have a little room for grace, but I am all about protecting my peace. My prior peace is my number one priority. So I mean, for me it, like I said, it's it's boundaries. How many chances Lex should you give someone before they're blocked for good? Mm. Blocked for good because, You know, we'll block body and I block them. Okay. I block them. Let me, I I love to, I love I I'm a little passive petty.


That's what us Pisces are where I'll mute you that way. I don't have to have like, You know, I don't have to have dings or alerts about you, but I want you to see what's going on too over here. That shit don't stop. So it, it, it might be me blocking you. So I'm, we're not having communication, but I definitely won't block you so you can see what's going on over here because You know, I just, we have a good time. We gonna keep it moving and have some memories and you get to miss out on it. So I'm kind of like, in that space of it, how many times it does take a little bit for me, I'll just kind of start backing off and weaning off of you.


But you would have to do something on my list of disrespect for me to just be like, nah, this ain't worth it. You know what I mean? Because I love the fact that you can hit a little button and make all that disappear. Yeah. Because at home I, I I'm very, I hit a, You know when the bubbles are typing block because what you about to say is it go green? That's not petty. I get baby, you're not about to write me no whole book. Yeah. And I like you don't like the book. Nope. And then five minutes after you send what you sent, 'cause it's not gonna come.


Once I block it and you hit send, you gonna have to resend it. I'll take, I'll have mine in my notes and say everything I need to say. Cus you out unblock you send it and block you back. So you don't even that's that's very toxic. You don't even wanna hear what they got. Say you the final word. The last word. Okay. I, and I said that and I'm standing on business. Right. Block. That's the old sherell though. I don't have to deal with those issues anymore. Your filter is better. I have's not even going there. Right. That's the lesson learned. We're not, we're not good.


Good. I like the growth. I actually love the growth, Cheryl, the growth has been amazing. Don't you send me glowing. Yeah. We have to grow and we have to, You know, accept criticism and feedback that way that gets us better. You know? And so we, we do better. We know better. We do better. Yes. That's, oh the glow. I had so much I had from my friends to my counterparts, my business partners, we had talks and talks and I was like, oh my goodness. I was, I'm glad y'all, I'm glad y'all held me accountable. Like y'all coming to me and telling me how I was to get me back. Now you girl is on a mission nonstop.


You know, that's what you're supposed to do is is surround yourself with the right people, You know? That's true. Consistently because misery loves company. You know, we've had this conversation to where they will definitely bring you down if someone's down, someone is not in the hill space. Yeah. We don't have time for that. Yeah. That's why it's very important. That's why I was saying with current, it's very important because you being in toxic relationships, you become such a different person. You miss out on so many opportunities. You, for you put your, you don't even put yourself first anymore. It's like, you're not who, you're not your real self because you're going Yeah.


It's, it changes you. Exactly. And very. So yeah, I just thank God, You know? Yeah. I have accountable friends who, who accountable partners that make sure I'm doing good. That makes, yeah. Alright, let's get into it. Is that how you say his name? Mensa? I believe so. I don't know. So he did a podcast with Jason Lee and he spoke about a lot of things. What really, You know, caught my attention was his depression as a black man. And not only as a black man, as a child.


Like he at odd years old, he knew something wasn't right with him. That's amazing awareness. He opened up about suicide. Like he was having suicidal thoughts at five years old, being a black man in, in America and how society worsened his mental health. We're gonna talk about the stigma around bl black men discussing mental health. I think we, we spoke about this a few times before, but it, it's, it's very, You know, I think we should continue to speak on it and, and make it a safe space, especially for our black men to open up and talk about because they hold so much in like, I'm always to my boys, like, talk to me, tell me what's going on.


It's okay to let it out, like cry it out, it's okay to show emotions. It's okay to open up. But he spoke, he basically spoke about his, his suicidal thoughts and, You know, five years old about to commit suicide at five. Like how do you, how do You know just going through so much at five years old? Yeah, it's, it's a lot that we don't know that goes on in these households. You know, there's a lot of depression. It's a lot of undiagnosed people that are in your household and in and out. There's a lot of heavy energy. There's a poverty, there is no food, there's a abuse. There's so many things you can name.


And I just wanna give a shout out to, it's actually June is men's mental health awareness month. So we're actually, this is great timing that we're speaking on this, but the fact that these men are being vulnerable and breaking the cycle and the generational curse is, especially in our, in our communities of speaking out and being very honest about it, to me it's very masculine. It's very sexy that people are saying, You know what, this is who I am, this is how I felt and I wanna fix it. And then speaking on it so you can help others. It's, it's really each one teach one. And the fact that these men can be vulnerable enough to express their feelings and communicate really does help us as a community, as in marriages, as partnerships in business, and really rearing our next generations of youth.


They, to see your parents go to therapy, to see your parents speak, talk about things, to see everyone in your household be open about their dialogue of just what's going on in their minds and their hearts and their brains. There's a lot of energy around us. There's, there's pressure at school, there's pressure on the fields and on the basketball courts there's pressure to maintain certain lifestyle and keep up with the Joneses and all these things. So the fact that we are breaking even, we're just more aware, You know, our our generation is very open-minded to learning and we are affording therapy and we're also knowing how to write it off, You know, all these things, right. Whereas now our children are just very much more open to talk about it.


They're, they're really a ahead of us in a beautiful way with technology and things that they have because they can hit AI and be pri private and say, Hey, I'm feeling like this, You know what I mean? Or try GPT and be like, I'm feeling like this. What are some symptoms or what is this going on? And their friends are talking about it more and more and more. So I just feel like the stigma is changing. People are getting more open about being vocal and really seeking help. So I just think it takes a, a community of our strong black men and us women to uplift them and also e encourage them because we need that. We need to have that conversation and that dialogue that way.


It's okay. Like, it's okay. You have to exercise your brain just like you exercise your body. You know, you have to exercise your heart and we have to take care of our bodies. That's how you stay mindful and stay resilient in, in this world. 'cause it's heavy. It's, it's hard. It's war. It's losing jobs. It's, it's so much going on and this is stuff that has happened over the decades and over the generations, regardless of how you were raised. So shout out to him for saying, You know, really recognizing it. And that's a sad place to be at five. That's kindergarten, that's a precious age where you like, I just don't wanna go on, You know, is you should is thinking like you're so sad.


Yeah, I know it's heavy. But You know, fast forward to where he is now, to where he has a platform where he is like, look, these are the options. These are the ways I did it. This happened to me and let it not happen to you. Or this is very much relatable because I feel like over time we were just embarrassed or we rely about it or not us or what stay happens in this house, stays in this house was like embedded in us. And unfortunately it made us like very much shellshock and very much like, You know, closed in.


And so now, now it's, it is better to talk about things like, this is very therapeutic for me to, to have my girl time to talk about how I feel and really to help others and inspire others to like be open to like dialogue about all issues. So I think it's definitely necessary in our community and, and should be talked about more. Definitely. Do you feel like black men get the safe space they deserve? If not, who's responsible for creating that? I mean, I do feel like, You know, black men do deserve this, but all men do. We, You know, men have a lot of pressure being the head of the household and being the provider as well as the protector and have to have this hard like always aware like, I'm gonna, You know, be the, the lion, You know, I'm gonna protect my household.


So yes, it's hard and it's, yeah. Yeah. And you can't be weak. You can't cry, you can't, You know, you have to be this tough shell and it, at the end of the day, it's a partnership when you're raising children, when you're raising, You know, just having a partner if you have children or not. You, we both need that masculine and that feminine energy to connect and really build and grow and be vulnerable as, as partners, You know, whatever your situation is. So men are needed to be in that leadership role. And it's very much, it's hard because, You know, I always think back to just like the lineage of like how we got here in the first place with slavery and how people on your level you will look up to and very much the strength of, You know, sold off being bigger and stronger and, and, and split up from your families and then turn around and then, You know, the slave owners are using your own what once was like a brother to you is now reprimanding you, beating you and turning on you, You know, that used to be a colleague.


So you look at that where it's just like over time men and they're in our, and they're in the prison systems, they, it's hard for them to, You know, seek employment. They just have been just beaten for like really low key centuries. And women, we were definitely in the home, You know, caretaking and being maternal and being much nurses and, and and your OBGYNs back in the day. So it's just like we as a community in at whole have to recognize our power. You know, I say this over and over again because we are a very smart group of individuals that are very talented, that are have the same opportunities and we still do not get the reparations, reparations needed and necessary for us to even we're, You know, to keep growing.


So we just have to keep going back to our communities, giving back to our communities and, and reaching out to our youth because they need us the most. And so we can keep, keep, keep that cycle going of growth instead of just that heaviness that's been pinned on us being in the United States. And I feel like the more we speak on it, the more we talk about it, the more we have role models of men who open up about it, the more it's gonna be okay to speak on to talk about. So yeah, shut up to the guys who are opening up talking about their trauma and saying that it's okay to release it, it's okay to talk about it. And not only is it mental health awareness is it's also PTSD.


So everyone who's going through PTSD, You know, I am a, I suffer from PTSD and it's not easy. So if it is the awareness, I keep on getting alerts on my phone, but make sure if you're going through something that you seek some type of therapy, some type of counseling, talk to someone, shout to someone. Don't just shut down because when you shut down, you, you can, you don't know what can happen. You deal with so much and you, and we don't want anything bad to happen. So make sure if you are going through something, you have a bad time, just reach out to somebody, get out and do something positive. Yes. Whether it's a mentor, whether it's a superior, a brother, someone that you can trust that really is like, look, this, this work for me, I feel like honesty is the best policy just because when someone sees that they're vulnerable and like open and honest about a certain situation, then that does open up the floodgates, the more to be more open about it.


So it's about having a good support group too of, of p of individuals that will help elevate you, not like, You know, bring you down but will like, give you good sound advice so you can make the right decisions. And it took me a minute to go through therapy to go through it. I mean, I remember when, You know, my, I, my daughter, I think I told this story before my daughter, it took my daughter to tell me, mom, you changed for me to go seek help because she was like, you're not the same mom that you were before. And I had, it was probably like six months after I came back from Afghanistan and I was like, my child, see, You know, see something different. Yeah. But I was still, I was still going through it with my therapist.


I would be, you don't know what the, if I've been through like why am I talking to you? Like all you gonna do is just gimme medicine. I don't want that. Like, you can't solve you, you haven't experienced what I like, I had a, a wall built up, even with my therapist for so long. I went, I pulled out, waited a year, went again, and I kept going until, You know, I got it right. And I, I did some intense therapy to help me, You know, get through things that I, I went through during my whole time in the military. So it was a great experience. And I still, You know, I learned coping skills when I went through therapy. I still utilize, I still talk to my therapist till this day.


So it's, it's great. It's great to seek help and get help and if you, if you feel embarrassed too or just not ready for it, you can. They also have now where you can chat with someone one-on-one on your phone. You know, these, these tele visits are very popular and very much at hand. So you can start there too. Yes. All right, now it's time to get into our questions for, from our Humble Buddy fans. We don't have that many that came in today. Only two came in, well, three came in, but we answered the first one. Would we ever do Miami Swim Week? And if so, what swimsuit would we rock? I think we both answered that one.


The next one. What's something petty someone did to you that made you instantly block them? Hmm. I think for me it's always just comments on Instagram. Like, You know, Instagram is there for entertainment purposes. It's a double-edged sword for me. So I'll block somebody in a minute. If they say something outta line, I'm just like, blocked. I don't have time for this block. Like, You know, You know me, I don't, it takes a lot for me to engage if you being disrespectful, but like, I understand that you're behind a phone, you could be a fan or a hater and I'm not gonna let that ruin like my, my moment, I'm on the gram either promoting something or just being my free self and just expressing myself creatively.


I don't need that negativity. I'm just like, whatever. And I don't really like low key. Don't even read the other comments either. I was just like, if something, if I happen to be seen and I'm just like, what that just block. So maybe that's petty or not, I don't know, but I'm protecting my peace. So it's definitely like easy, blah, blah, blah. This finger's strong. Listen, You know, I like to have the last word. So before I block, you wanna let sting, You know, I wait three, leave the stinger in, let it, I, I'll wait three minutes, let it mar a little bit. Go back. What, what's the ties thing?


What's the iest thing for you? Will it be something that's sad or just like Yeah, probably something that's sad on social media. Yeah, I just, I think but I, what I gotta say back sometime I have my clap back. Let it marinate a little bit and then block. 'cause we not about to have a, you gotta let him know match on, on social media. We're not doing that. But you Aren gonna hear what I have to say. I feel the rap the real, I just, what Before we going to the Humble baby's mail, I just got a text from my, my girl Kennedy on my stink state. She's my bonus child. That's Chad's daughter who turned 10.


She said, shell, can you take me to Tampa this Saturday? Oh, oh, wanna get away? Shout out to Snoop. Today's her birthday. So shout out to my girl, she just turned 10. Happy birthday. She wanna get away. She said she want her. She's like, what does she call, what do they call, what do they call you? Like Bon like, what do they say? No, she just, mama ette. No they don't. I don't, don't allow. They have a, a great mother just re they very respect. They, You know, they're still respectful and everything. She's like, Sherell, can you take me to Tampa this Saturday? Yeah, she want the tour, she want the full everything. I love it.


That's my girl, but so happy birthday Kennedy. We love you. Happy birthday. Let's get into this humble batty mail. Want me to play it? Yeah. Yes. All right, here we go. I gave her everything and she still left me. Hey, Humble Baddies. Hey, I really need y'all advice because I feel like my whole world just crashed. I've been with my girl for six years. I helped her through nursing school, paid some of her tuition, got her first car in my name and even helped take care of her mom when she was sick.


I did everything a man was supposed to do. She told me she loved me every day. But the moment she graduated, got her career and started making money, she switched up. She started talking about finding herself, needing space and wanting to experience life. Three months later, she's posting trips to Tulum with some dude that owns a gym. It's like everything we built meant nothing. The part that hurts the most. She told me I was too good and she just needed someone with some edge. Like, what does that even mean? I love her purely, I was loyal, I sacrificed, and now I'm sitting here trying to pick up the pieces while she's outliving her best life.


Like n like I never existed. Ladies, I need to know, is it true that some women only stick around until they level up and then leave the man who helped them get there? Was I just a stepping stone? Should I ever trust another woman again? Signed, heartbroken and used Bam. That's sad. I feel bad for him. That's sad. Yeah, like it, it shows like she was never, she was only there for you for your benefits. From the signs that, from what he's saying, it's like you did everything for this woman and she basically took advantage of you. She had an end goal.


Yeah. I honestly don't think he shouldn't judge every woman off of, You know, the decisions that she made because every person is not like that. It sucks because she has ruined it for a lot of women. But I wouldn't judge other women based off her actions. That's so sad. I feel bad for him. I agree with you Shire. Like I wouldn't let it hinder my dating experience going forward. It does hurt. It is hurtful. And that lets You know in the long run she was not for you. We see it time and time again where one partner is has that growth and the other one isn't there for that, You know, and they just, you end up splitting up.


But she showed her true colors and that's realistically what people should be praying for. Like reveal yourself to me. Be yourself to me. So now I know how to move accordingly. So use it as a blessing in disguise is definitely, is hurtful because you, you love, you invested in this person. You were investing in their, their, you saw the potential in them as a potential partner and saw that growth in them. But it's time for you to focus on yourself now. You know what you're capable of. I always try to use a past experience to understand who I am, where my heart lies, because I don't let people heart in my heart. I still trust, I still give loyalty. I still am gonna be that lover. I'm gonna still be Alexis.


And so I'm like, look, the next person's gonna get even more, even more because it's just like I'm growing and I'm, I'm learning about, You know, who I am and what I tolerate, my boundaries and everything and what I wanna give to the next person. And so if this won't let me take me, I'm realizing that I'm not internalizing it, that these things happen for me and not to me. It's a big difference. And so it's like I'm not using what these people, I always say I, the girlfriend told me that. She said, you gotta let people land and so let them show you who they are. Like that's all you need for them. We do a horrible job as humans to like try to fix and, and, and Right. You know, like oversee things because we're, we love, You know, we're supposed to love, but at the same time, we're not supposed to be in pain either.


And love it does not supposed to hurt. And I seemed like he was get put in everything, in putting it all in us and I reciprocated, reciprocate anything towards him. And that's a sign when you're doing everything and trying to win that person over, you're doing too much. That person is not for you. And that's when you need to take a step back. And it's that there's good people out there and you and you get into these relationships and they just take advantage of it. Yeah. Like hurtful. It is hurtful and it, and then it does spill over, You know, unc like accidentally into the next situation because You know, it, it's, you're triggered and you're little covered, You know, like you're just a little more tense and you just like, You know, it is, it's hard, but it what, to me, communication and transparency and being vulnerable and letting that next person know, like, look, this happened to me and I'm doing, I'm trying to do better.


You know, so let me know if I'm a little, if I feel a little triggered or traumatized from this situation because it's painful. You know, like that's a, that's money. That's it's, it's, it's, it is time. It's it's investing and everything. But that lets You know that if she's doing this now, she would've done it, You know, ahead. But y'all had y'all time together and use it for what that is. Understand that I would've, I made my money back, girl. 'cause you living this life, karma. I believe in karma though. Like he, he was there to give, You know, you're supposed to give from your heart, You know what I mean? And not expect anything in return. So he blessed her and let it be that he's gonna be blessed.


She's gonna get it with her. So-called new love life. Exactly. Exactly. Because you going, you lose him. How you get him baby. All right. Yep. So heartbroken and used. We wish you nothing but the best. We hope that's right. That you bond, You know, someone that can reciprocate what you are doing in that relationship and appreciate you. Exactly. Yep. Alright you guys, that is it for Humble Baddies. If you guys need any inquiries, any questions, anything, y'all can hit us at contact at Humble Baddies dot com. Make sure you subscribe to our podcast on YouTube. Also follow us on Instagram at Humble Baddies podcast.


I am sure Rosado. You can find me at sure Rosado underscore. And I'm Alexis Walsh Meyer. You can find me at Alexis underscore Meyer on Instagram. Make sure you tell everybody, tell a friend to tell a friend to follow us and subscribe to Humble Baggage podcast. Until next time, we'll see you guys on Wednesday. Care everybody, this is an iHeart podcast.