
What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey, ho doesn't love bacon. And did you know Oscar my smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood. That's a really long time to perfect The smoky flavor and even longer than It takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along The way and still Get there while The Bacon is smoking The Point is Oscar Meyer takes The best cuts and smokes th over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy It, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon Now.


The AI upscaling on The new Samsung Neo QLED and Angola TVs brings old content like from The seventies, eighties, nineties and beyond into The future. So no matter ho far back, your shows are from, they'll look Groovy Baby and Colors. In contrast, popping day or night with GLA Free Angola and The Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's s time to bring your TV watching into The future. Welcome to New era ofs, Samsung ai tv. Discover more at samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. You mentioned earlier that when you Get called to The Yard, if you're in in that situation, they call you to The Yard. So in a situation where you got, you know, a mic battle going on and somebody say, bring your mic to The Studio, you got to go. Yes sir. You said you didn't like that j Cole didn't respond. Would would, would Joe have responded? A Million percent. Million percent. I set myself up on verses so I did verses I knew Ja Rule would win, right? He is my brother. I love him to death. So they was like, yo Joe, I coulda picked The less opponent, right?


It was on me. So they was like, yo Joe, you super viral. We want you to Odoo verses Then. They told me, yo, I know I negotiated a huge bag. Right? I'm gonna be honest with you. The Odoo versus and Then Swiss B told me, whoever you pick, Get The, same bag that you got. Wow. So I got on The phone call Jaus so fast 'cause that's my brother I love Ja Ru to death. And I was like, yo, Ja. He was like, nah, I don't want to go against you Joe. I said, no, It ain't like ho bro. You're gonna Get The bag. Yeah, right. And Ja rule, he got 40 number ones. Like I knew that boy was gonna go crazy at that. But It didn't matter to me. You know, he's my brother.


I wanted him to Get The bag. I wanted th to Get The Shine Joe. That's real. That's real talk. Not a whole lot of people would've done that. 'cause a lot of times I wanna be in a situation. I wanna shine, I wanna win and, and you hold on. You be, I would rather win than have somebody Get equal back. Yeah. But nah, that's not me. You a real one for that though. Yeah, yeah. I'm not like that. For me, I wanted to see my brother come back. Right. I want him to Get The spotlight. Why Odoo that or why even feel good spanking up some other rapper that I knew only had two or three hits and just start spanking th up on there and y'all have been like, ah, this is whack. Right. You know, What was dope, was like Fat Joe been winning for so long and Then ja ru and you know, It was like It was a, Gave Ja a chance to Get back out there.


Yeah, yeah. We went back out there. Ja was doing Al his hits and, and you know, every time I looked at his wife, I told her sorry, you know What, I mean because I love Ja Ru I love his whole family. So you know that, that to me that's What. It's about Ross got involved in The beef in in The beef also. And I was surprised 'cause I'm like, damn Ross y'all young money. I mean you, Drake, y'all. I'm like, I can't, I never even talked to Ross about that. Really? I can't respond. Yeah. You know What, I'm saying, you know, I love Ross. I don't know, one day he gonna have to tell us What that was about, I sat down with Khaled about seven months ago, maybe even last year.


And Khaled is so positive. Khaled ain't gonna say noting about nobody. He's like, bro, there's so much, there's so much food for everybody to eat. Ain't no sense in us fighting over morsels because there's so, it's so plentiful. Where did you and Cali Get that mindset from? That you like, you know, What I ain't gotta talk about about nobody. Let's talk about What. We can Odoo together. Well You know Cali's like a angel to me. You know What, I'm saying he's my angel and he protects me 'cause he talked me off The Cliff my whole life. I could have been in jail a thousand years. I could have been fucked up. Khaled was always The last. Joe, hear me out before you go Odoo that we talk to you. Let me this.


So he's like my angel. He been protecting me forever. Right before he was as successful as he is. But he's absolutely correct. You gotta understand that man. We ain't got no time. We got time for family. We got time for, for love and respect. We ain't got no time to be fighting with people and doing Al. That that ain't about The money. It ain't about positivity And God has chosen us to deliver that message of be believing and being faithful at Al times. And so you gotta understand me and Cali, we, we children of God and we telling everybody out there. You might've tried to rob people, you might have tried shooting people, you might have tried to this try God.


'cause that's The real key. I'm here telling you, can you hear me? Can you feel me? In real time, try God, we God you can't lose. And if you're faithful and you show 'em that you believe that no matter What, no matter What, hard time, somebody gets sick in your family, divorce this, whatever, you name It, you stay loyal to God. He gonna bless you like you never saw before. I had a friend, he, he had a beautiful wife. They called me one day and they said, yo, can you come over to talk to him? 'cause his wife left him. She cheated on him. She left him and he going to kill himself. And so I went over there and I talked to him. I was like, you know, I gave him The toilet.


Like, yo bro, you are ho you are. She's, it's cool. Let her go. You, you The man, you, you know, I did whatever I could. Right? I seen him like a year later and I was like, yo man, ho you been. He was like, yo, I got a fiance, beautiful Dominican chick, she's actually a pastor. She don't want to go out Joe. She stays home with me, she loves life this. And I looked at him, I said, yo bro, that's God, you know What, I'm saying you went and got you a batter. Chick positive don't want to be in The Club. She's actually a pastor of a church. I'm like, yo bro. Like there's always better for you and greater for you when you trust in God Because you and Khaled is so close, did sometimes your beef interfere with his C potential collabs with someone?


I wouldn't say collabs, but he got caught up in The Beefs. So The, Tony Yoyo, The The. First time I, that's one The first time 'cause I had Mad Beef. Okay. So The, first time I ever flew, I was afraid to fly. I wouldn't fly for a million dollars. They was like, yo, we want, we wanna pay you a million dollars to come to South Africa. And I was like, yo, I'm sorry, keep your money. I can't go. I was terrified to fly. And Khaled was at a seminar in Puerto Rico and he bumped into some guys I had beef with and they were gonna take It out on him. So The whole industry's calling me and they're like, yo, your man out here by himself. Like, and you know they're gonna Odoo It to him, they're gonna hurt him.


Oh. And that's The. First time I flew, I got in The private plane that went out to Puerto Rico and pulled up like, yo, what's up? And that's when they was like, yo, this guy's flying. I flew 'cause of him, you know? 'cause he was like, yo, they they gonna Odoo me dirty out here. And so I went over there and I flew over there. So it's like he got caught up in a lot of my shit. You know, What, I mean, and what's crazy is he's, he's always been positive. He's always been The same person and Then Fat Joe just been on some shit and he just always Get caught up in It. Right. And be like, you know he tell th I had a couple of friends that, you know, pit Bull one day, you know What, I'm saying seen one of my enemies.


And they was like, yo, what's up? And he was like, yo, I can't say what's up man. You got beef with The dog Joe Al, these nice guys kept catching beef over me because they was loyal to me. Norie, Al of th like, you know you lawyer to Joe or Joe got beef with everybody. You go in The, wrong club The guy, he got beef with got 30 guys there you not coming back telling Joe you had a drink with him. You telling Joe yo. I said fuck that. I'm not giving you my hand. Right. I'm, I'm down with Joe. But guess What. Al, my friends are loyal to each other. We've been friends for over 20 years. We root for each other. We happy for each other. Everybody's doing great. Like that's What. It's about at The end of The Day is loyalty and everybody doing great financially.


You name It. They Al winning. Everybody's winning. Cali told a story that you had beef with 50 YO with 50 and Yayo was, I think It was a, This guy gets to it. Right. He don't let you, he don't let you cut out. Right. I tried to Odoo The nice way out. Yeah. And Hey YO went up to it. I think It was Whether It radio station or radio station. And he's, You know, What, I say Al The time, I'll trade Rich player, my right hand man for Tony Ayo. I'll give Rich player The G and gimme Tony Yeyo let him be. Tell Scott that's one loyal motherfucker that Tony Yeyo. Oh my God, he's with his man for real. Like, you know, and I don't wanna say this to you Yoyo, but you know, if we ever really had beef, we was gonna go after Yoyo.


Right? Because he was The loudest mouth. He was The The wild boy. He was The one dissing us at The highest level. And I was just like, yo, I gotta Get this guy right here. He's The one. And so yeah, Khaled was like, yo, I can't say what's up to you. Like, you know. Yeah K I'm with Joe, I Can't Odoo It. K say I can't Odoo It. Nah, I can't Odoo It. I can't Odoo It. I'm with Joe with Al. The positivity and Al that yeah, Then something really, you know, It got real in there. Yeah, No like Really real. We leave It at that. But It got real like It It like life of death. Real, You gonna have to make another flight and you take another trip. Nah, but my mans was dead. They, they, you know, It got real like a really, really real, maybe Yayo will tell The whole story, but It got really real.


Right. You see guys like Scott Storch have Al this money. I mean he was as big as far as, I mean could I think for a period of time he was like on The level of D Drake. I mean ho D Drake, Scott Storch Dr. Dre. Yeah. Even big at one time. Yeah. And Ho Ho you go through The bag like that Joe, we use a lot of drugs. Oh okay. Right. And he admits It, this ain't me talking me on his back. Drugs fucked him up. You know what's crazy is, and this hip hop game, fat Joe really is The dog. What.


I mean to tell you is people don't disrespect me and Odoo crazy shit in front of me. So whenever I went to hang out with Scott Storch, 'cause he's my brother, they wouldn't use no drugs. They wouldn't sniff no cocaine. They wouldn't Odoo noting Scott Storch told me that The second I would walk out that door a kilo of cocaine to come running through The door in The Air. Like It was raining cold. They, yo he, he said, yo, I would never use drugs in front of you. He fucked up 90 million. And he also was very generous with women. So I remember one time I walked in a strip club in Houston and this red bone chick came up to me.


She was like, your brother, your brother, she had a rock. So fucking big shit looked like this cop right here stripping. And I said, what's your man? Your brother gave me this. I was like, man, I was about to rob this girl, right? I'm sitting there saying shit, this guy right here. And to women, he was just awfully generous. So he was buying girls Rolls Royces belly. I watched him one time buy a $2 million car. He used to have this briefcase when Scott Storch was at his prime of prime, he used to have a briefcase and he would have money in there, jewelry weed.


And one day somebody came and he, he was making a beat because he really makes his beats. He's so talented, right? So man comes, he signs The check for $2 million. This shit really happened in my face. And he gives It to me. Didn't even look at, he was like, Al, right man, this, this, that. And Then The dude told us like, yo, I've never seen a guy write a $2 million check and didn't even look at you It. Just It just, and I was like boom. And Then, when we went outside, It was like for a Bugatti The first Bugatti or one of th Ferraris that you never seen in your life. Man ain't even look at The man signed 2 million, gave It to him, came outside The joint was there. You talking about that level?


But you gotta understand, right? I don't use drugs, right? I never use drugs 'cause I might like It. I might like It. And so What, I mean is Scott Storch, he had two of The most famous women in The world at The same time they was gonna menage him. One threw The cocaine on The girl and was like, yo, you want to Get The thing going, I mean The most famous girls on earth. And he sniffed that cocaine off her shit. And he said The second, he sniffed that It was never The same. He was just like, oh my God. Like this is The greatest shit in The world. And he wound up fucking his whole life up with that.


And sometimes when you Get high, a friend of your, of yours might have more tolerant. We call those like functioning addicts. Yeah, they could Get high on Friday and Saturday, but Monday through Friday they working they Odoo. which he Odoo. Yeah. But you might take It The wrong way. Sell Al your shit and be fucked up. So, you know, drugs is just so powerful. It destroyed my brother, my brother that I look up to my idol. My brother Angel, he had The whole world in his hands. He's, he was so smart, my idol. And when I seen that he couldn't beat It and we put him in a million rehabs and Al that I knew that we up against a deadly thing. And these kids now they taking this Fentanyl.


Fentanyl you could touch It and die. Yeah. You don't even gotta Get high and you could me and you could touch fentanyl by steak. We could think it's some sugar or splendor and die. That's ho powerful. That shit is. Yeah. And so, you know, I would advise everybody, huh? If you going to Odoo something, smoke a little weed, drink your little liquor, but don't go there. Yeah. That's The point of no return. Huh? Don't go there man. 'cause you might like It. I tell people Al The time, you might like The shit Joe, is there a a best and a worst thing about having money? Or is It Al positive? Nah, it's gotta be bad.


You know, What, I mean see money make people think they tough. So you got some straight suckers. They give money and Al of a sudden they think they tough and they acted. You see these movies What The, fuck Carlitos Way, Kleinfeld The lawyer fucking Kleinfeld thought he was tough. He had money. So money gives some people big egos. Money makes people think they're better than everybody. Money makes people think they got godlike tendencies. That they are God on The Earth. And money could also Odoo so much good when you take care of people in The community.


When you, when when, when you raising money to take care of The less fortunate when you giving back to The schools, you give back to The, to The, to The people you know and also live The life that you deserve to live. You know my mentor jr R Ridinger taught me that financial freedom. It's The biggest thing you can have in The world. It gives you time with your family. It gives you access to whatever you wanna Odoo at The. Same time. Why live in this world as a mediocre life when you can go for It, you know, The projects, The Welfare, that's Al trapped.


They made that for temporary. You going through a bad time, go on there for a year. Get you not Get, Get your ship ready and go see me. I think 50 definitely Jay-Z we Al grew up in The projects and in welfare. So The thing, your grandmother used to think I only pay a hundred dollars rent. I don't wanna move, but hey guess What now. You can't even have a husband in The house because The projects say you can't have a husband. So that destroys The family, right? Then, you're so brilliant. Think of Jay-Z We look at this guy like billionaire. You know this guy, if he would've played The projects and The welfare shit, we would've never knew ho great.


He was correct. So they eliminate you as competition in that, in The project and welfare system. So you gotta Get yourself up outta that shit. So you could go and Get whatever's destined for you. You got The name Fat Joe. 'cause obviously you probably was a chubby kid. Big You ain't, you ain't really fat no more Joe. Thank God, you know What. I'm saying because I'm trying to live, man, it's, it's, it's a cold world. And so I'm trying to live, I taught myself ho to eat better. I used to exercise more than I Odoo now, you know, with, 'cause I, I, you know, I was like 480 pounds What four 80, bro.


Big boy. and Big. Pun was 600 Joe. But you, I can see if you four 80, well I look smaller because I'm next to Big Pun. Yeah, but I'm saying though, Joe, if you were 6 4, 6, you know The, Big Mac The Big Mac looks smaller next to The. Double Whopper, You know What, I'm saying The, big Mac looks smaller next to The. Double Whopper. But Joe, I can see if you like 6, 5, 6, 6, 6 7. But four 80 on somebody. Your frame. Joe Shannon, lemme tell you something. We used to go to The Oil. You can eat like we almost went to jail at an Al. You can eat. We ate too much at an oil you can eat. I swear to God this is a fact. They try, they brought The cops in, homeboy came with The boots up. The head looked like Goma Power was like, yo.


I said, yo, what's The matter? He was like, come on bro, you ate Al, The crab, Al, The shit. Like you got Stop. I said yo, you know, which he right. 'cause we go in there and kill th and I don't Get high, so, oh my guys are high. Right? So they got The Munchies, they destroying The. Sizzler. It's over for Corru. What, The. Shit. They cut Golden Corral, golden to Corral. It's over. Like over. We killing that shit. Now I eat defensively. Now I stay away from The carbs. The bread. Yeah, The Pasta, The D like everything I eat is defensive. I eat defensively. You know, trying to stick around. You wore a Halloween costume where you had a Zippy. I was Ozempic. Yeah, I'm on Ozempic.


I'm diabetic so I Take over Wait, that which he have a reason you didn't Odoo It just to lose weight. You did It to maintain a healthy Medicine. That's excellent. That's medicine. It's actually a medicine, Shannon. Yes, I know What It is. Yeah. You know, everybody else took It to lose weight. It's a medicine. Yeah. You know, to regulate my blood sugar. Yes. So I take It for that. You know What I'm saying. So yeah, yeah, yeah. I was definitely ozempic for Halloween. I'm proud Ooz in It. Yeah. I was like this, you see me, I even had The needle on The top like, yo Ho ho. Long ho long have you been a diabetic Joe? My whole life since I've been like 13. Really? Yeah. I was a diabetic since I was like 13. When did you decide? So, you know, What man, I might not make It to 20.


I might not make It to 25. I might not make It to 30. I didn't Get my life. But The problem was that in The hood, they never even told me that if you lose weight, The diabetes can go away. Yeah. So at one point after Pun died, I was working out two to three times. I was doing two a days, three a days. Insane. Working, working out. Shout out my man to mom. Muscle connection. And so we working


This Halloween, choose ho scared you wanna be with Hulu on Disney Plus on Disney Plus feel a little scared with The Sanderson sisters in The. Iconic hocus pocus films don't miss Marvel television's. Agatha Al along as Wanda Vision's. Agatha sets off on an adventure of mysterious trials on Hulu Get Terrified in a world of cult killers in FXs horror thriller series Grotesquery and uncover sinister forces that threaten a small town family in hold your breath, Al of these and more now streaming available with a Disney bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com/hulu for details.


Kenny's family healthcare benefits kicked in The day. He started his hourly job at Amazon with two kids. He was a big fan of that Then. He took advantage of Amazon's on The job skills training program that helped him launch a new career in software development. Kenny liked that too. That led to a bigger paycheck. So he was able to Get his youngest son. A drum roll please. Drum set. Next up, drum lessons. Learn more at about amazon Odoo com. Amazon every day better.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook up The World. James Brown said, say It Loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in The, heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and Then The boxing event. What was going on in The world at The time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on The Planet. My grandfather Laid on The ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble The story of a world in transformation, The Sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call a person black And ho. We arrived at this peak moment. I don't have to be, which he want me to be. We Al came from The continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast or wherever you Get your podcast,


Picking up The tires. Al The, shit. You doing The, crazy shit. This, this, that. And Then. One day I walked into The Hospital and my, I went to see my doctor. He was like, yo, you ain't gotta take insulin no more. I said, What. He was like, nah, you ain't got diabetes no more. You, you, you good to go. You good to go. I, I walked outta there. So strange. I've been using insulin so long that when I walked out there, I was like, yo, I gotta take my, he was like, nah bro, you been working out, you've been eating right, you been doing The Right thing. You ain't gotta take that no more. And Then, eventually, maybe like 10 years later, he was like, Al. Right, right now you gotta take a little ozempic. You know you ain't working out two, three times a day.


Right. So you gotta, you know, regulate your sugars. Joe, you've been married almost 30 years. Mm, I remember you. That ass still fat though. And y Shannon, that ass still fat. No boy, lemme tell you something man. God. You know, which he told The story. You told The story vjo that when you went away for The Tax evasion. Yeah. She held It down and you said whatever she, whatever mama want. But It always been like that Odoo, you know What, I'm saying. So, you know, when I met her, she was too beautiful to even be with Fat, fat Joe and Al, her friends made fun of her.


Mm. You know, and was like, which he doing with that boy? You know? 'cause I ain't had no money When I, when, when I met her, I had just broke up with my son's mother. She took everything. I had an apartment, but she took The pictures of The dog of like every bed, every couch. So when I met my wife, she walked in. It was just a mattress on The floor. Literally The Window Ain't had no, no. Curtain It was a, like a 10 X robe. Yeah. I had, and I stapled The shit up on The window to Get No shade. And so she walked in and when she walked in, she said, you live here.


I said, man, it's a long story. I said, they used to have a leather sofa there. Yeah. They had a big TV over here. The sound system was so nice. If you'd have heard It over there. I mean they took It Al. Right, right. And they left me a mattress and she took a chance with me. And from that point on, I knew if I make It, which he knew I was gonna make It, to be honest with you, Whether music, Whether, whatever, you know, everybody ho wins. You could be Louis The mechanic, you could be a baker, a school teacher. We Al have this winning d N A you have a winning D N A you knew you was gonna make It. You didn't know ho you didn't know if It was football.


Football ended. You got back on that bike and said, fuck that. I'm, I'm podcasting. Yeah. And you winning at this The winning d N a is in is in certain people that they're gonna find a way to win no matter What. Right. And so I give her whatever The hell she want. You know, that's her, my, my whole family lives like that. My whole family went for noting my mother's house. She got three people that work there. She wakes up, they cook, they clean, they, they, they, you know, It just is just, if I love you, you straight. That's just The way this works. Ho did you know she was The one? She was bad man. And at that time they didn't have The BBLs.


They ain't had none of that. And she just had that whole thing. And she was beautiful. I couldn't believe at first I thought she was The fed. She was so bad. I said, damn, they trying to Get me. They threw bad, they threw you seen ghosts when he was with The. With The Fed. Yeah. I thought she was a fed at first till I found out her father was a connect. Right. He was a, he was a D boy. Yeah. So when I met him, I said, oh no, no she ain't The Feds. But you know, I think you always tell yourself, you know who's The one? And you say, no matter What, we gonna figure this out through thick and thick. 'cause we had moments where I thought I was The illest. We had moments where she thought she was The, illest.


You know, everybody coming at you. You know, I become a famous, you know, famous and rich, you know. And so women that be on your wildest dreams is throwing themselves at you. You know, and they telling you Yo Get rid of her. Like, you know, me and you, we could be The J and Beyonce. Right. We could be The J-Lo and The and be Yeah. You know, we could imagine you got with me Poppy. We make a movie on that red carpet. And I'd be like, nah, you know, What, I'm Al. Right. I'm good. Yeah. We make our own movies. Don't worry about that. I don't need that, that fake shit. You know, What I'm saying. Right. And so, you know, you gotta be careful.


Your son has autism. Yeah. Down syndrome and autism. Yes, sir. Little Joey, when he was born first of Al, Me and his mother wasn't together. Okay. Right. We were together, broke up. I knew I did not want to be with this woman. It was before rap. I'm at my mother's house. It's one of th rainy days, th days that, you know, it's rainy. And she walk in The building. I said, fuck It, let's rekindle a old flame. She gets pregnant with no disrespect because I love my son Joey. Right. To let her know, I Odoo not want to be with you.


Maybe we should have this abortion. 'cause I don't wanna, and she was, oh, this is my baby. I gotta have It this, you know, it's really up to The woman. So she pretty much forces me to have this baby. I'm only like 19. And when he's born, The doctor tells us, Hey, I got bad news to tell you. Show us his hands. And so he say he got down syndrome, he's gonna be a big challenge. I'm there with my mother, my father and his mother. And his mother was like, yo, I can't Odoo this. I'm gonna have to give him up for adoption. And my mother was like, you crazy bitch. Like you ain't giving up my fucking, like, and so we raised him and he's had his challenges. But you see my son, I don't know if Al kids that are autistic or on th on The spectrum, this guy's happy.


I swear to God he's always happy. He's never sad. He's like, if you're stuck, if The place, he's stuck in happiness. And he's never slept one minute of his life without somebody sitting there just looking at him. He doesn't sleep without one person, without someone sitting there looking at him, him like this his whole life. And he's happy. He does What. He want, he gets What. He wants, he's The Dawn when we Al meet his family, I got another son. I got my daughter that's younger than th and he sits in The, end of The table. He knows, oh, those are my little brothers and sisters. You know, I'm The Dawn. Right. And so yeah, everybody has big challenges.


It's hard, but you can't give up on your kids. And I believe we believe, you know, one of my best friends, rich, that he's our biggest blessing because we treat him The way we Odoo because we never gave up on th this is why we Get blessed. And so I really wholeheartedly believe that Prior to him actually being born, you had no idea that he would, he would be autistic or he would have Down syndrome. Because now they can Odoo probably that long time ago they could Odoo tests now and they can test you. The child is gonna be X, Y, and Z. Yo bro, I I, I never seen his mother again is What. I'm trying to tell you. Is that, so she, Dr. She was born.


Yeah. She never visited him again. I'm, I'm not here to, to, to, to, to kick and watch. You know? Right. She never, she abandoned a kid. Yeah. And so we raised th by ourselves. He don't know no other family. He don't know. It's not 'cause we didn't allow that. His mom's just, you know, is is crazy. Has she, has She ever called dropped off a birthday? I'm sure. I'm sure she's called my mother on my father. But that's as far as It goes. She's never seen him again. And you know, and It wasn't like I, I kept The door closed where she can't see her son. Right. You know, What, I'm saying It was always available for her to see her son. But you know, we got wicked people out there.


Whether man or female, you know, it's usually The other way around. You know, baby come out Down syndrome, The man, runaway, you know, shame on you. You know, father's gotta be a father. I don't know ho to be a fake father. I don't know ho to be a fake father. So I gotta take care of my kids regardless and Odoo everything I can for th you know, I don't know ho to give up on my kids. I don't know ho to not love on my kids. That's impossible.


The Blockbuster event of The years coming next week, October 25th, call of Duty Black Ops six. A spy action thriller that takes us back to The early nineties in a cinematic campaign. Best class multiplayer and The return of The round base zombies. Black Ops six campaign combines a mind-bending story combined with dynamic moment to moment gameplay filled with blockbuster set pieces and action packed moments with The best in class multiplayer experience, you'll Get to test your skills across an incredible 16 new maps at launch round based zombies. Also make It epic return fan favorite modes where players team up to take down ho of undead and two brand new maps at launch pre-order The vault edition today. Call of duty.com/black ops six. Unlock exclusive perks like mastercraft Weapons Collection The hundredth versus The hundredth Operator Pack, season one Black Sale Bundle and more Call of Duty Black Ops six drops October 25th pre-order. Yours now Some biological weapons and they put this into Saddam's hands too. What Odoo. You Want us to Odoo about It Protect Us Pre-order The vault edition. Now. Okay, now we have a custom segment, a custom segment question in partnership with our good friends at Call of Duty, black Ops six Joe, lemme ask you this What task in life. Would you want to call your replacement in for? Is there something you really like doing? Something I really like doing? Yes. Really, really? I grew up, you know, terror Squad wasn't a gang, It was a graffiti truth. So I love writing graffiti. Oh. And so I wish that I could write on Al The trains and not go to jail for It. So if I'm on The Call of Duty, I'm The guy writing graffiti, but I never want to go to jail for It. So Shannon, it's something I really love to Odoo is write graffiti. And if I could write graffiti on The train, like a challenge. If you ever see Fat Joe Get arrested, it's probably here The Train in New York or something like I battle It. Like I, I look at The trains, I be like, damn, I want to hit that. You know, it's It is an addiction. They couldn't catch It, not Joe. You done Slam. Not you take out real addiction. Nah, I Get up. I pay everybody cop catch me. I be like, yo, take this man. Leave me alone. You ain't seen me. Nah, it's crazy.


Joe, I've noticed over The last, and maybe you were behind The scenes, but over The last let's just say 5, 6, 8 years, you become more active in The Front politically. I see you with, with vp Madam VP Kamala Harris. And you, you for Healthcare Transparency. You a big advocate of that. What made you decide to like, you know, What, I'm gonna Get out there because a lot of people shy away from that because there are a lot of people on The. I don't blame th it's hard for celebrity. I never understood why ele celebrities never speak their mind. But now I Odoo. Okay, because you alienate, you know, The minute I go, I'm for Kamala Harris or everybody ho loves Trump is like, fuck you Fat Joe, this, this, that.


No, it's real like that. It Is, It is. And so vice versa, if you, for Trump, we hate you. Right? And so with me healthcare price transparency, I got a friend named Kevin Moore with power to The patients. And he sat me down and tell me What was going on in America. There's over a hundred million people in America that are bankrupt due to healthcare prices. And so it's The only thing you see this bottle, if I went to The liquor store, It would be $90. This glass of water would be $82 $3. You go to The Hospital, it's The only place on earth.


They don't give you a bill. They just don't give you, have you ever went to The Hospital and you knew The Bill? No. They sent It to you. They sent It to you. So guess which he that day did a procedure that five other people did. And The price was different for Al five people. Somebody paid 16,000, somebody paid 12,000, somebody paid 10, somebody paid two somebody, same doctors, same facility, same surgeon. They charge you whatever The hell they want. And so we just say show us The prices. What will The prices Odoo. Well It will enable you to know where you could go to Get It cheaper. Am I going to Beford Israel or am I going to General Hospital or am I going, I'm going wherever The MRI is 1200 instead of 12,000.


Correct. And so I became a big voice for that, which has been a hard thing to Odoo because we keep going to Washington and trying to Get It done. And it's been The hardest thing. It's been one of The biggest challenges of my life. But I love It. When I walk through The airport, random people come up to me and say, yo Joe, thank you, which he doing? And I'm like thinking about music or whatever. And he's like, nah man. The biggest thing you doing is fighting for The people with The healthcare, price transparency. So I'm proud of What. I'm doing my work, I'm doing. What's Fat Joe most proud of of Al The things that you've done in your life, you've been a husband, you've been a father, you've accomplished so much. What's some of The things Fat Joe's most proud of?


I just, I just wanna make my people proud. And I'm really black and brown and so I love white people. I have beautiful white friends, but I'm really Al about The black and brown. I got a TV show on stars where LeBron James', executive producer, Mar Maverick, ma Black and Brown. I just sold a series with me, Kenya Barris and Jesse and Yuli Terrero black and brown. everything I Odoo is with The black and brown. And showing that we could unite together and really Odoo It, not just talk about It, right? But Odoo It also just want to make my community proud and know that somebody could come from The trenches like I came from and actually lift themselves up and be successful.


Also at this point we playing with ageism with this point. We saying, yo, I'm getting to The bag better than ever and I'm older than ever. You know, I'm hosting The, B ET or Hip Hop Awards right now. I'm relevant. I got a song out blowing up. I'm this, this, this. So I'm just letting you know that at any choice in life that you choose to say, I'm gonna Get on my shit and I'm gonna go Get my bag. You could Get It too. That's What I'm most proud of. Yo, were you kidnapped in Africa? Well that, sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. ho bout you have to give off a ransom. Nobody been to ma nobody been to Africa more than Fat Joe. Nobody. And you keep going back.


Nobody. Yeah, I kept going back, but that was just one part. It was, It was in. And I love you guys. Luanda, Angola Africa. They had this warlord, his name is Kinio Kinio. When The World, when when they stopped fighting The Civil War, they made him The leader of tourism. So it's his job to bring people to Angola. We don't know none of that shit. We Get hired to go Odoo a show for The. Most money I ever made in my life. I go over there The man. Don't let us leave What. So we, we supposed to go for one show. We stuck over there for like two weeks and this guy is so scary, they won't look him in his eyes when they serve him.


They go like this The people there know ho The hell he is. So a week later, The The Embassy or The C, I a or whoever you call is sitting down 'cause you eat and, and they got one good hotel, right? And so you eat like Buffet style, right? So they come over and they, they, you know, they The, you know, they The feds, you look and they look different, they this and this and that. So they come o over and give me Card Card. And they're like, yo, you Al, right? And I said, yeah, I'm Al. Right? Why? They was like, you know, ho you with, right? They say this guy just kidnapped DMX too. This guy kidnap people. You were a scary guy.


I said, I'm figuring It out. He said, you call this number at any time, we'll come pick you up at The parking, at The parking garage and and, and go out. And I'm like, you know, I'm too tough about It. So I ain't wanna let him know, yo, I'm really, I I'm ready to go down. I'm really fucking kidnapped now. Like, this guy's playing with me like, you know What, I'm saying yeah. And, and I'm tough Shannon. I'm not scared of no man. I'm not scared of no man. I'm scared of God, right? I just don't know ho to be scared of a man. You going to kill me. Kill me. You gonna beat me up. Beat me up. So I had that Busta Rounds was in there, yo, he's like, yo, this guy's talking to me like this. I'm like, yo, bus this guy.


You know, this guy killed people out here. We di we over here, man. We can't just chill, take It easy bus. 'cause bus is one of th like, you know, bus is a nice guy, but he bug out, you know, What, I mean, yeah. So I'm talking him off The Cliff, like, yo bus, like chill. Like, you know, we could Get disappear in this motherfucker. Never make It back. So ho, So ho Odoo you. So he let You go. We eventually, yeah, he let us go. Like, that's real. Talk like The. We eventually, like two weeks later, he let us go and we finally went home. And I made more money than I ever made in my life. But It was real stressful, right? Really, really stressful. Has Atlanta replaced New York Hip hop capital?


We got y'all. Joe. It's a big, We got y'all joke. I ain't gonna say noting. I've always been a supporter of Atlanta. You know, 20 years ago I moved down to Miami and set up shop and I always debate Whether It should have been Atlanta because I love The A TL and Al their contributions Rest in peace. We go away from goodie mob up to Outkast, up to The Tis to Jeezy's Atlanta been run


This Halloween. Choose ho scared you wanna be with Hulu on Disney Plus on Disney Plus feel a little scared with The Sanderson sisters in The. Iconic hocus pocus films don't miss Marvel television's. Agatha Al along as Wand Avi's Agatha sets off on an adventure of mysterious trials on Hulu Get terrified in a world of cult killers in FXs horror thriller series Grotesquery and uncover sinister forces that threaten a small town family in hold Your breath, Al of these and more now streaming available with The Disney bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com/hulu for details.


Macy's is here to help you shift seasons and style shop fall wardrobe must haves like matching knit sets and dresses, quilted jackets and puffers for her and vintage inspired sweaters. He'll love. And Macy's has great deals on home essentials like cozy blankets and throws and modern kitchen appliances. Plus star rewards members earn rewards on every purchase except gift Card services and fees. Learn more at macy's dot com slash star rewards. Today at Macy's


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman James Brown, BB King Miriam Makeba. I shook up The world. James Brown said, say It Loud and Micki said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in The, heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and Then The boxing event. What Was going on in The world at The time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on The Planet. My Grandfather laid on The ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble The story of a world in transformation, The sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call The person black And ho. We arrived at this peak moment. I don't have to be, which he want me to be. We Al came from The continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast or wherever you Get your podcast


In hip hop for The last 10 years. So I I man that's hard for me to say is they The Capital, but they they been running It for The last 10 years. I'll give you that one. I read that you was about to Get in a fight with Roy Jones Jr. Oh yeah. You knew that story, right? Yeah. Nah, What happened. You know, I put him on a song where I say even Roy Jones was forced to lean back. That's right after he got knocked out. And Antonio Tova Hunt. Yeah. And so he came to New York City and we was having Ja Rule's release Party It was thousands. I had 150 guys with me. Shannon like, I'm gonna be honest with you.


And I come off stage and Then and, and, and when I opened The thing, he's standing there but nobody see him. He's there with like eight guys. He got The, one guy, chopper style, chop chop, chop chop. Chopper style. Chopper style It. A chop of style is telling him knock him out Champ. Knock him out. Champ. Like, you know, he's, he's a flavor flame. He, he The hype man. He The hype, he The hype man like a motherfucker. So The minute I see his Roy Jones, I grab his wrist, I grab his wrist, you know, and I'm up on him. I actually got my feet on his feet, you know, I know ho to fight, but he was gonna knock me out. He's The chair. Yeah, but I know ho to fight.


So I grab his wrist so he don't boom. Bing real, real quick. Yeah. And Then, my weight is on his feet. And so I'm like on him like this and he's like, yo, what's up with that song? This is that He got The Devil in his eyes. He came there for one and one reason only he was gonna knock Fat Joe out in New York. Right. It wouldn't end well forever. No, no. It wasn't noting No It wasn't. No It wouldn't. Right. But I gotta Get outta this situation. So I'm like, yo champ, yo champ, let me Odoo, that's just music champ. Right. Champ. I'm trying to sweet talk him Chopper styles. Like give It to him, champ, knock him out. Put th out The game. Right. This, I'm like looking at him like, oh my God.


Like this guy And Then. I eventually started feeling, I just told you right now, I'm scared of no man. I started feeling like a sucker in a way. 'cause I'm holding his hands. I'm begging th not to knock me out by and Then I let go and I had to tell him, I said, yo Champ, you see those guys? It's 150 guys. Shannon. I said, you, you're The champ. You're gonna knock me out. You these guys, they're not gonna fight you champ. They gonna, they gonna Odoo you dirty. Yeah, they gonna lay you down. And he looked at th he said, they with you? I said, yeah, they with me.


And, and Then, he just disappeared. He was like, it's just music. I said Yes, it's just music champ. And he disappeared. When he disappeared they Al ran up. Yo, that was George Jones. I was like, nah, nah, nah, he's good. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, what's up? What's up? I was like, nah, nah nah nah ho. At that moment I was praying for Roy Jones. Huh? Oh yeah. I was like Jesus Christ, I hope these guys, you know, and The, next day we got on The phone, It was me, him and Jay Prince. And Jay Prince told him like, yo, you barking out like you went to New York for and Then. He was like, and Then, we squashed It. I seen him like a week later. It was Super Bowl. Right. Jacksonville. And we drank together.


We hung out. You know What? I'm saying Yeah, we had a great time. I love Roy Jones but I, I gotta respect him. He's The last American ho came to knock me out on this earth. You know What I'm saying? Yeah. He came to knock me out for sure. And Then, Mike Tyson, you and Mike Tyson was gonna beat up somebody. Well that's a ll story. You know, big Pun was crazy. Rest in peace. Like he was like a wild boy. So we did a show, we had 50 guys with us. He tells me, yo, send th Al home, let's go to The Tunnel. Just me and you. Now The Tunnel was a club in New York where you, you couldn't be in there if you wasn't dangerous. Right. This was Two bullet minimum, Huh?


Yeah. Yeah. Two bullet minimum. And It was The wildest spot New York had ever seen. Right. Their bouncers make you look like a baby. These guys are jump off The roof. Like these was Transformers. Right, right. Ninja Turtles. So we Get there and they tell him, pun this is pun at his prime, he sold 2 million records. They tell him he gotta take his boots off. Now I just told you pun was like 580 pounds. Right. He couldn't really take his boots off like that. So he was like, nah. But in there people used to sneak in Kns and Guns and they shit. So they was like, nah, you gotta take It off. So it's like 10 securities. So Punt is arguing with this one dude, Then, It turns to two dudes. Then, It turns to three dudes.


Then, It turns to four dudes. And I'm arguing back with th too. So I'm with Punt like so they say something now I'm like, fuck you and Punt ain't fuck your mother. Like it's just nasty work. So I grabbed, 'cause I'm always realistic. I grabbed Punt at one time and I said, yo punt, you know we getting our ass whooped in here. Like these motherfuckers was huge. He said, yo, we got straps in The car. Said we ain't getting to The car Punt. Like sky's this big motherfuckers. Right. Sapu was like, fuck you suck my, he wanted It. Right. So I'm like, Al, fuck him. We I know ho to catch your ass whooped. You know you gotta give a guy credit for knowing ho to take your ass whooped.


Right. You know, staying with your man to Get your ass whipped. That's, that's another level are Yeah. Like to Get your ass whipped with your man. That's that's honorable thing. Right. Right. So I'm like, okay, we getting fucked up. Right. So we just gonna talk Al, The shit we want. So now out of The 10, it's like eight of th right and outta nowhere you hear a voice like, yo pa yo Joe, fuck these niggas. We turn th man it's Iron Mike Tyson. This is like two in The morning with The fucking Kofi on. He had a suit on and he starts taking off his Gucci loafers. Fuck these niggas. We'll fuck th up on this, this that. Boom. Next thing you know Mike Tyson The main one that started, Mike Tyson starts chasing th around The car trying to fuck him up Barefoot and The security looks at me Joe, Joe, stop him Joe, stop him.


They ain't want The man with that Mike Tyson might have came outta jail one week. Yeah. Like this was him Fresh outta jail. Right out right outta Indiana with The, Kofi, Muslim, Mike Tyson. Man that shit was crazy. You surprised as Ashanti and Nelly at a baby shower. Yeah. You and Ashanti go way back. Y'all been cool for The longest. And if I'm not mistaken, I think Irv had something to say about you because he kept going back and forth talking about, you know her that was 20, 30 years ago and you like, bro, let It go, blah blah blah. She done moved on so forth and so on. What has Ashanti meant to Joe. Man, she's been there for me bro, for over 20 something years.


Irv been there for me too. So, you know, looking back at The story, I think I should have just not went on Instagram and called him like a brother on The phone and just been like, yo, my man, you wilding out. Right, right. But with that, Irv got his, you know, he is ho he is. And he thinks of The world a different way than I Odoo. I said sorry to him a million times in his family. His family loves me. I hang out with his brothers and sisters. Al, The time, his nieces. But you know, he still got a attitude with me. But Ashanti, she's been my sister Odoo thick and thin. I don't know ho to explains they to you. And I'm proud of her. I seen a baby.


A baby so beautiful. Her baby is, he might be The most beautiful baby in The world. Swear to God. He got hair. Wait till they showed The baby. Right. Nel Ashanti Baby is a movie. This guy's, he look like Muhammad Ali. Beautiful Head full of hair. Huh? Oh, this baby's amazing. And so I'm proud of her, her family. She's always been assisted. Same with Remy, that's my sister. I got th Bose to The Day. I die. You know, What, I'm saying that. And, and I, and that's just that I love th Bose as my sisters and I'm gonna hold 'em down till The day I die. JLo, Same there. Gotcha. JLo holds me down. Right.


You know What, I'm saying So JLo's A Bose. Yeah. Like JLo's on, you know, she's on another level. Right. And that's my sister too. You know, I love J-Lo to death, you know, and I'm just proud of everything she's done. I'm gonna Get you outta here on this one. The females seem to have gotten into The. Rappy. I can't explains they maybe you can because you come from that environment, you in that culture and you see It. But when you see like, I'm like, What, are y'all What? Are y'all beefing for, We went through a time of hip hop recently in The last two, three years, where The women, you, you asked me if Atlanta run hip hop The, women run hip hop.


Okay. And they Al start and they got so tough. Then. So think of one of The greatest records in The world was doing It and doing It. Well, ll right? Yeah. And he's like, you know, Odoo, you like Get Soft and wet ho you, you know, he talking to The woman, she talking back, they, they start making new love songs with The female rappers when she like, put your gun on The motherfucking holster. Bitch you fucked me like God. And I'm like, yo, What, The fuck is going. I'm like, is this a love song? Am I lying or not? Odoo you fuck me Yo ho pistol with me. Why you hitting nigga? I kill you. I, I'm like, yo, What, The fuck is going on with The women, right?


And, but you know, I'm one guy that I'm, I'm, I'm for The women's rights. I'm for The women that Odoo whatever they want to Odoo ho they want to make The music if it's lyrics. Same thing as guys, you know, a good rap battle's a good rap battle if It doesn't become physical. 'cause everybody got brothers. Everybody got husbands or boyfriends that think they tough this, you know, this business of hip hop, you don't need a PhD or a master. You need a fucking paperwork that says you did 10 years in jail and, and now you're hired. You did a bid, huh? You got a, you got a bunch of crazy dudes with everybody in this motherfucker, you know?


And if they influential they could fuck your whole shit up. So once again, I think The biggest part of this whole interview with me and you is if you are a artist and you out there and you changing your life, check your crew and make sure they don't bring you down. 'cause it's not gonna be you, you trying to become The biggest artist in The game. You trying to become The next 50 cent Jay-Z you trying to this, if your crew don't share The same vision and they ready to throw It Al The way and say, yo fuck that we The realist and this and this. That ain't which he got in The game for, I read m wanted you to sign It. Yeah. Yeah.


Em and I, he gave me his demo like six times. What. Yeah. I fucked up big time. Yeah. You biggest mistake in hip hop history, fat Joe not signing Eminem. Of course, you know, now I look up to him, you know, What I'm saying. So that was a big mistake. I could have signed Pit Bull, I could have signed Ross, I could have signed, damn Joe, you Slipping? Yeah, I slipped, I slipped. I could have signed a lot of guys in The game that I was just like, probably wasn't ready at The time or wasn't focused like I should be, you know? 'cause I'm an artist too. So at The, at The, same time I might have been in artist mode, you know, thinking creatively, right?


Thinking about my career. Joe, I think you are The perfect person to ask for this because you spend so much of your, your time with black and brown people. ho can The black community and The Latino community ho can we come together? Joe The What, we are together in The East, in The East we Al together. Okay? But The thing is, you gotta realize that we are Bose oppressed communities. We're Bose going through The same shit when Big Pun made The record bald equal more than out. We came out The Gate letting everybody know The black and brown Unity. But you got guys like Fat Joe ho is for black and brown Unity as an example.


more of us Odoo that together and realize that if we learned ho to vote The, same way if we learn ho to stand up for each other, The, same way we'll be The most powerful voice and force in America. And so The politicians and Al of th will have to listen to us and treat us different. And that's The main thing that people gotta really realize. It ain't blacks against Latinos, Latinos against blacks. We supposed to be together. We've always been together where I'm from, we always been together. Yeah, We It is not, we shouldn't be against each other. We should be against The problem. So whatever The problem is, well Together, Yes us, We form vol Trump, right?


And we outnumber everybody else. So if we Al, you know, I always look at that scene from The movie Malcolm X Spike Lee did, where he came out to The precinct and he went and everybody turned What. Imagine we could Odoo that together. Wow. We'd be The most powerful people in America.


Make sure you guys check out Fat Joe's Talk with exclusively produced by LeBron James and Maverick Carter and its own stars right now. Also you have a new album Dropping The World changed on me right now. I'm a talk show host myself. I gotta ask you one question. Sure. ho has The world changed on you? I think you know, Joe, I I think, I think, I think you know, The fucking World done changed Al that, huh? And so The only way to be is be normal. It's possible. And fly, fly under The radar normal. And, and so The album's amazing. Got a bunch of my friends on there, produced executive produced by Cool and Dre and myself and it's just a vibe right now. It ain't about making money off The music. I have a single out there called Paradise where Anita, she's The biggest out there from, from Brazil. And DJ Khaled produced It. But The album's gonna be incredible. It's just for guys like you that love hip hop that you going to throw It on while you work out and you're gonna be like, man, this shit is mean TV show. The talk show is Al positivity, no negativity. We got everybody from LL Cool J to Ti Lotto to whoever, The biggest The Giants, The greats. And we're just talking about positivity, your struggles, everything you've been through. And just once again, we wanna inspire The, The, young black and brown youth and everybody else ho watches The show and ho cares about The culture. ho to uplift themselves and hear something they gotta hear Bad.


Yo, ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, that was dope man. Appreciate you bro. Thank you. Allie Lounge on 66 at Resorts World Las Vegas for allowing Club Shehe to film our very special segment here today. Keep up with Allie Lounge on social media at Resorts World Las Vegas and Alley Lounge Las Vegas. Al my life grinding Al my life, life sacrifice, hustle. Paid The Price, won a slice, got The roll of Dice, The Al my life. I've been grinding Al my life. Look Al my life. Been grinding, Al my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid The Price, won a slice, got The roll of D The Al my life.


I've been grinding Al my life.


Macy's is here to help you shift seasons and style shop fall wardrobe must haves like matching knit sets and dresses, quilted, jackets and puffers for her and vintage inspired sweaters He'll love. And Macy's has great deals on home essentials like cozy blankets and throws and modern kitchen appliances. Plus star rewards members earn rewards on every purchase except gift Card services and fees. Learn more at macy's dot com slash star rewards today at Macy's.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from The New Orleans Saints Here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off The Edge. With me Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have The, biggest N FL Stars. Join me to give a player's perspective of The biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around The League. So tap in to off The Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for Al things, football and not football. Listen on The, iHeart radio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore The making of rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed The way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season we'll cover Al things, sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on The Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you Get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.