
What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Hey, ho doesn't love bacon. And did you know Oscar my smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect The smoky flavor, and even longer than It takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along The way and still Get there while The Bacon is smoking The Point is Oscar Meyer takes The best cuts and smokes th over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy It, so buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


The AI upscaling on The new Samsung Neo QLED and Ola TVs brings old content like from The seventies, eighties, nineties and beyond into The future. So no matter ho far back, your shows are from, they'll look groovy Baby and Colors. In contrast, popping Day or night with GLA free Oles and The, Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's s time to bring your TV watching into The future. Welcome to New era ofs Samsung ai tv. Discover more at samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling. Utilizes AI based algorithms viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host Shannon Sharpe. I'm also The Proprietor Club. Sheha The guy that's stopping by for conversation in The Drink Today is a certified gold and platinum selling artist billboard chart topping Grammy nominated for hits like Lean Back, make It Rain Al The way up. He's a rapper, producer, executive philanthropist, and a cultural icon. The one The only. Some call him Joe Crack, but we know him as Fat Joe. Joe What. Did he Odoo. Oh Man. I love you. Thank you. What. An introduction. Yes, I am Fat Joseph and I'm proud of It. No you're not. Yeah, I'm proud. And I'm Don Ena himself too. If you want It. Where is Joe?


Well, oh, you mean Fat Joe? He is, he's, yeah, he's off playing Call of Duty Black Haw. Six. So I'm is rapper replacement. You know What? I'm saying rapper replacement. Just lean back. Come on Shannon, lean back. You look a little tense. I don't dance. I just pull up my pants and Odoo The ruck away. You gotta lean back Shannon. CJ is this some kind of joke? Where is, where's Joe Shannon, if you can't lean back, maybe we could throw one back. Well, I ain't gonna pass him an opportunity to have a drink though. Okay. Just you and me. Yeah. What.


Is this petroleum? Yeah. Burning up man. What's The? Terror Squad? People think it's terror. Like terror. No, it's terror. It's Mother Earth. Easy peasy. You know, What, I'm saying. Well, since you're here you're Fat Joe. Yeah. ho is your favorite rapper. You work with Ice Cube. I adore Ice Cube in any way or shape or form, even in White. White. When you were riding Lean Back, What ho did you come up with that?


I just leaned back like this. It just came, you know, just came What about What's love? Hmm? Take my hand. Just feel that's What. Love is Al about. Interesting. Yeah, I'm not sure that's It, but okay. I just wanna become friends with you. That's why I'm here. That's not possible Fat Joe. You're not that Joe, though. I Am Fat Joe. Yeah, that concludes this interview. Where You going now? Man? I started liking this. I think. Let's Get The Real Fat Joe here interviewing me.


Okay guys, let's try this again. I thank Fat Joe is back from playing Call of Duty Black Ops six. So here we go. He's a multi-platinum selling rapper. He's had hits records in three different decades and New York legend, one of The Kings of New York, a cultural icon. Grammy nominated mega rap star. He's behind two of The biggest, most respected anthems. Lean Back and Al The way up. He's one of The rap industry's first Latino superstars. He sold Million of Records, a highly respected rapper, songwriter, producer, artist, host, actor, author, media personality, a successful executive entrepreneur and philanthropist. He's also a healthcare price transparency, reform advocate. He's a larger than life persona. One of The Raps music most influential artists, one of hip hop's greatest storytellers.


You know him as Joe Crack, but here he is, ladies and gentlemen, fat Joe. Thank You so much. My brother Al my life. Been grinding, Al my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid The Price, won a slice. Got The bro of Dice, The, Al my life. I been grinding, Al my life. Love Al my life. Been grinding, Al my life. Sacrifice, hustle, The Price. Won a slice. Got The bro of d The. Today we're at Alley Lounge on 66 at Resource World Las Vegas. Did I, did I Odoo. It right there Though. I mean, damn. I just, I I just want to be like Snoop Dogg. You know What, I'm saying, you know, every time I, I look at The bar, The TV commercials, I see Snoop Dogg, right?


And he sketches out. He's The football guy. He's The voice. I'm like, that's Al. I'm trying to be is Snoop Dogg, Bro, your career, I mean, when you growing up, when, when Fat Joe was growing up, I think you're from The Bronx, right? That's right. You're from The Bronx. When you were growing up as a kid, What, did Fat Joe wanna be? I just wanted to be rich, you know? Now I'm telling you The truth, I ain't want to be poor. Right? And my whole family before me was poor. And our community, I, I like to tell The youth to Google this, you know, It really looked like The Bronx was in war, like Ukraine or something like that. And that's where we grew up at. And I remember telling my mans like, yo, this poor shit ain't for me.


And they didn't understand It. 'cause Al, we was, was Paul, right? So I'm like 12 years old talking about, yo, I gotta Get to The bag. I gotta, I gotta Get It. And so that's that. I think that's What fat Joe was even since a kid, he was just a hustler. Always ready to go. Get The money. You tell The story I read where you were like bullied ever kid. And one time you were getting bullied and you was getting jumped and your homeboy ho was with you because he didn't want to Get jumped. He jumped in with th and beat you Down. Well, they told th they said, yo What you doing with this kid? So What happens is I grew up in The, 90% black neighborhood. Okay? Right.


So my mother was there 40 years before me. So when I grew up, I never saw racism. I was just little Joey from The Block, Right? Then I got thrown outta my junior high school. So they put me in my grandmother's neighborhood that was 99.9% black. But they never seen a Spanish guy like me. So I'm walking up in there, Joey Kcra, I'm The, same guy, right? They're like, oh, Oh, we not Trying to play this shit around here. And we never seen one of these right here, right? And so every day I had to fight 20 guys. And then my best friend, he was black, his name was Leonard. My mom would cook for him every day, take care of him. And one day they came up to him and they was like, yo, why you beat with The Puerto Rican dude?


And he's like, that's my friend. And they said, well, if you don't beat him up today with us, we gonna beat your ass. Like we beat him every day. And he jumped me. And that, that moment right there changed my whole life. That was The birth of Joey Crack. It was no longer fat. Joey It was like, alright, I don't care about nobody. Like I'm ready to go to war with every u human being. My heart just turned black. Like It was like, I'm giving It to everybody. And that's where The legend of Joey Crack began. Did you guys remain friends or did you understand The? Did you understand The situation? Man, I cried for like 10 hours. I had a black hoodie on black jeans and black chucker Tims.


And I just kept tying The and I was crying like, I don't give a fuck about nobody. I'm gonna punish everybody. I'm there. It was over, right? Like from that point on, you know, I start robbing people. I start whiling. I create The Terror Squad. I, you know, that's, that's where Al that went into play. So that was The birth of Joe Crack. Joey Crack, yes. That, that It was that moment That, that, that was a defining moment of my life. It was, It was really sad, you know, to have your best friend beat you up with The, guys that used to bully you. That was hard for me. You were shot, you were shot at Odoo, you re moment Odoo, you remember those moments? Oh my God, I've been shot at like 30. I was a problem.


Like, I was like a giant problem. Like, you know, It was like, every day I came out my house to fight three different guys every day. It was, It was just, we was wilding. And so guys, you know, they, they wanted to kill me, you know, What, I mean, so they shot at me maybe 30, 40 times. And one time I'm in a rental car. We are about to go retaliate and The guy comes, I had a guy shoot at me like eight times. In two days. He looked like The movie Mark for death. Ecuadorian kid. He just was coming at me, kept going, kept going, kept going. So we in a rental car ready to go Get him.


They shoot up The whole rental car, me and my guy Tone Duck. I heard The death of Fat Joe, because The people in front of my building, Al The old ladies was like, oh My God, my fat Joe, they killed Joe. Yo yo. Like, wow. And we peek up like Just broken glasses. So that's why God is so real, Shannon, because so many times in my life, one time I robbed these Dominican dudes and they came back The. Next day I was walking with a girl with no gun. They jumped out nine of th with guns Al kind of sizes. So they jumped on me, they ready to kill me. I deserve It. I just stuck him up yesterday, right? Then my guy, my brother, Opie ho was The biggest guy in The neighborhood, happened to stop in The motorcycle.


And they respected him. He was like, yo, that's my brother. They was like, yo, this guy. So Opie was like, yo, give him a pass. They gave him a pass. That's why I know about divine intervention. That's why I know God spared my life. So I could Odoo The kind of things. I Odoo now when you say healthcare, price transparency or philanthropy or giving back to my community or opening businesses in my community, single parent mothers buying homes because we give th The opportunity. So for me, I just give It Al, Al glory to God for sparing my life to Get to this point and work and spread his message through a real one. But that didn't stop you, even though your boy intervene and say, Hey, give him a pass.


Give him grace. That wasn't enough to stop you in that moment because yo, you say you got shot at 37 40 times. You like, th on The, they say a cat has nine lives. You like The Orange Cat, he a bully on The Block and Can't Nothing Get rid of It. No, you can't. And we were really, really strong too. So I had a bunch of strong guys with me too ho just, they held The fort down like something else, you know? Yeah. You know, hip hop music saved my life, pretty much. Diamond D digging in The Crates crew. They came out from my neighborhood in north and didn't show me It was possible. But Diamond said, Joe, they're gonna kill you out here. And to this day, he's one of my best friends. So he was like, put your stuff through Music man.


Let me take you to The Studio. I know you got money. Let me pay for The Studio. He paid for The Studio. Wow. And had me record like two, three songs. And he was like, change your life, please. They're gonna kill you. And his moms used to talk to me too. So she'd be like, Joey, they're gonna kill you out here. Like, chill. And then once I got a record deal, I went to The Apollo Theater. I won four weeks in a row. But once Red Alert discovered me and they gave me a record deal, I changed my whole life. Like Cinderella, like night and day. Like just, I'm gonna go and make my life this way. This is The only opportunity I got and I'm not gonna stop. And, and I don't wanna know about drugs. I don't want to know about robbing people. I don't want to know, yo I don't want to hear nothing.


Right? I changed my life and it's almost like a Robining hood Cinderella story from that point on. I never focused on crime. Well, you, but lemme ask you a question. Like, when you was jacking people, were you rapping also then on The side? No. Or you were still, you just, just trying to hit Get? th No It was just making music but robbing people, hustling Al. That that Was your Thing. It was, everything was my thing. My thing was The bullshit. Like I just, you know, because now you, you know, I'm a fat guy like this Al of a sudden The girls think I'm handsome. Al of a sudden I got a crew everywhere I went. They like, yo, that's Joey Crack. Unfortunately, It was The, It was The clout on 10,000 at that time.


So It was like going viral before viral, right? Like everybody knew ho I was, wherever I was at Harlem, The Bronx. And so I lived and, and I thrived off of that. But I knew I was going to either go to jail for, you know, my best friend's in jail for 48 years. He already did 33. So The guys I was with, they Al did 30, 40 years, you know, What I'm saying. So I got lucky that I changed my life and started rapping, you know? And, and so hip hop saved my life in many ways. But you didn't ever think, did you ever go to bed and think, man, damn man, tomorrow I might Get run down on man. God dang I Odoo Odoo. No, I had The cops on beat.


I had, you know, The cops tried to frame me for like three times for murder. Like, this is a true story. I don't really talk about It, but framed like shit. I beat, you know, like they were trying to Get me outta there. The Police was trying to Get me outta there. The people was trying to Get me outta there. It was like It. It was like What. You call that It was like Public Enemy number one. Yeah. That's What. It was, It was like, yo, and, but my community loved me. They loved Fat Joey. So they would protect me. Odoo, you know, when The cops came, The old ladies would let me in in, in they house. They would, they, they, they would save me Al The time. But nah, you know, It was an adrenaline that I really, really loved, you know, What I'm saying.


And I started doing It through my music right now. I got an album coming out next month. It's called The World Changed on Me. Wow. And so I feel like I'm The last un gentrified rapper, you know? And I got The bodega on The Block. Neighborhoods changing. Yeah. You know, What, I'm saying yes. Because right now, sometimes, you know, I stop going on my live 'cause I got a real TV show, but I stop going. 'cause every time I go on my live, I go viral six, seven times. And it's for stuff that me and you, 'cause we from another era might think it's normal. You be like, yo Joe talking that shit. But somebody else, 20, 24 Vision Gen Z or whatever, they looking like, yo, this guy bugging out like What is he talking about?


So What was normal to us, is no longer normal to everybody in 2024. And so you gotta be careful, especially when you're doing It live, right? When you look at situation, you look at Tupac Biggie, Nipsey Hussle, young Odoo, Pop Smoke and PnB Rock, takeoff, triple extension. I mean, you were living that life. You were very fortunate enough to Get out of It. Turn yourself around when you see things that happen 20, 30 years ago with Tupac and Bigot. And you see It still happen today. ho Odoo, we ho Odoo, we transition to Get past that. That's a bigger issue, man. It's is What.


What. We call that The. The systemic racism. You know, we come from slavery, that word's not lightly, you know, slavery. And so I love white people and I don't judge nobody and I'm not racist. But you gotta understand that we come from slavery. The man was so wicked that when they freed us a hundred years ago, they created a system that still fuck us in 2024 Odoo. You think ho diabolical you gotta be to be, create laws a hundred something years ago when you slaves, that affects us right now in 2024. And so unfortunately, Latinos, blacks, poor people, even white poor people have this crabs in The barrel mentality.


And everybody want to be like, I'm The one not knowing that you greater with a team of people winning. I always loved that bar that Jay-Z said, if we fall, we be each other's crutches. Meaning people think they want to be The one instead of having Al your friends win. And when some, when we need something or somebody, they can actually help us. If you The only guy winning, nobody can help you if you go through something, right? And so It The The, same mentality from The hood trickles down into hip hop. You know, What a kid. And then I, I don't know why we, we taught ourselves to hate each other now why we hate each other.


Like why everybody, why we wanna hate each other. Why we want to be jealous of each other. Why we wanna, you know, Michael Rubin went viral The other day for saying some things that were actually right. He just wasn't The right messenger, right? The Messenger was good. The me The Messages on he wasn't The right? Messenger. And so, you know, you see, with no disrespect, you see a Jewish guy Get in trouble. You don't see The whole entire Jewish community pulling th down. Nope. And Oh, I want your mother to die and I want, and this bro, you just celebrated me two months ago. Like, what's up? And so we as a community, blacks and Latinos have to learn to embrace each other, you know, and love each other more.


And so, you know that, that, that's where I'm at with It, right? That's where Khaled is at with It. That's where we Al at with It, where we embrace each other. We love each other. We uplift everybody. We try to help as much people as we can to Get these young kids. They be hitting me up for advice and I give 'em The right? Advice. I be like, yo, you bugging out. Right? You know, What, I'm saying even if I see a a, a sister bug out like a girl rapper that's hot. Or I hit her quick and be like, no, no, no, no, no. You playing, you making too much money. You doing good? Don't fall for that one. I did that one that don't work. Right? Stay focused. Right? Get your bag. I Odoo that Al The time. Joe It seems like sometimes that we want us to win until we win.


It seems like they think we're winning too much. Yeah. And then that's enough winning for you. Now let me try to take, yeah, You know, smart guys, I know guys that, that, that have won that understood that not showing. See we got two different ways of doing It, right? I believe in inspiration. I come up in here with The watch, I come up in here flashy. I drive The width through The hood. I this. But I try to let Al The little black and brown kids know you can Get this fat Joe got this. You can Get this. I Odoo It as a form of inspiration. And then some people take It as you just bragging and showboat.


Yeah. You trying to show off. So you see people like Chuck d, Lauryn Hill, K S, one common, you know, ho much money Common got common. Common took me to Chicago in 1993 and showed me a bunch of buildings he owned in 1993. He was like, yo, my grandfather taught me ho to Bob. God forbid What common owns and right. And, and but he don't brag, right? So then, you know, you got guys ho knew The whole time It wasn't The thing to brag. And so those guys never Get looked at as Target


this Halloween. Choose ho scared. You wanna be with Hulu on Disney Plus on Disney Plus Feel a little scared with The Sanderson sisters in The, iconic hocus pocus films don't miss Marvel television's. Agatha Al along as Wanda Vision's. Agatha sets off on an adventure of mysterious trials on Hulu Get terrified in a world of cult killers in FXs horror thriller series Grotesquery and uncover sinister forces that threaten a small town Family Inn. Hold your breath. Al of these and more now streaming available with a Disney bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com/hulu for details.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman James Brown, BB King Miriam Maba, I shook up The World. James Brown said, say It loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in The, heart of Zaire Africa, three Days of music and then The boxing event. What was going on in The world at The time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on The Planet. My grandfather Laid on The ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble The story of a world in transformation, The Sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call a person black And ho. We arrived at this peak moment. I Don't have to be What, you want me to be, We Al came from The continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, The election is in The home stretch and I'm exhausted. But turns out The End is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me ho need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some F Ks, friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, fan Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun, even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll Odoo that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B, Roy Wood Jr. And Charlamagne The. God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that What? Democracy is Al about power to The podcast for The people. So Whether, you're obsessed with The News or just trying to figure out what's going on this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on The iHeartRadio app at Apple podcast or wherever you Get your podcasts.


It's or you showing off or whatever The case may be. But they got a lot of money, right? You know, we take a different approach. We take a approach of you only live life once you work for It, you ain't robbing nobody for It. Enjoy yourself, you know, and make sure your family got whatever they want. You know, it's crazy, right? Friend of mine, she's Jewish, she went to a synagogue on The holiday and she said this rabbi told a story, he told a story of this rabbi in Brooklyn ho gave everybody everything. So people come to him every day and they be like, oh, I can't pay my rent. He pay they rent, he take care of everybody. And, and so he was The big man.


Everybody, he, he was rich. He looked out for everybody. So a guy comes up to him and says, I know this man. He's about to lose his house. He can't pay his mortgage. He got eight kids and he's a good man. He needs a job. So immediately The Rabbi says, I'm gonna help him. We'll pay his house for five years. We'll Get him a job, whatever he likes this, this, that. He said, you didn't ask me ho The man is, and The rabbi said, who's The man? He said, your brother. So he said, whoa. He is The guy helping The whole community, but forgot to check up on his own brother.


And so to me that story hits because It goes, we gotta check our family, make sure everything's straight, and then help everybody else as well too. But I just feel like every day we walk in, you know, we live in testimonies, you know, our journeys are Al different and God gives us Al different journeys. And it's Al about influencing and motivating and inspiring The youth behind us. To not Odoo that fat. Joe will tell you he did that. But he'll tell you, don't Odoo that. That ain't It. Don't make The mistakes that I made. Don't Make The mistakes. Don't make The, Joe. Sometimes I feel like, like, and, and, and correct me if I'm wrong, that sometimes that once you become a person of affluence, you have to suppress things that you might wanna Odoo to keep people from thinking, oh, he think he's better than me or she thinks she's better than me.


And I don't want people to think that because I've been able to make It. Now I gotta suppress What. I wanna Odoo for myself or What. I wanna Odoo for my family as to not tick off someone because I might have, and they don't. I don't Odoo that. I don't Odoo that. If you want It, you joking me? No, I live your life. Okay? If I want that car, Get It, I want that watch. I Get It my daughter 18, she got a man truck. My wife Get whatever she want my family Get. Anybody I love Get. Whatever they want. You see, I employed every single one of my friends that ever wanted to work. So if you go in my stores, you almost look like they trapping out The, The sneak stores.


They got Benz trucks, Rolexes, they live with Al. My friends that actually want to work. You know, you come from where I come from. You got some friends that don't wanna Work. Correct? Those guys we can't give free money to. No, that does not happen. Fat Joe is un extort. Meaning you cannot extort me. I'd rather die before you extort me. But if you are a friend that wants to work, Al, my friends are working, but they work. They know they gotta run The store. This guy gotta run The Management. This guy gotta run The Management. So I'm a live living testimony to, yeah, we could help our, our friends, we could help our community. But you gotta want to work for It if you're gonna come over there and not work.


We can't Odoo It but me. I'm The opposite. I know that I work hard for everything I got. I live every day like this. My last, every night we sit down The whole crew. We eat steak and lobster, The security, eat steak and lobster. Everybody Eat right? The. People that work for me in my house, you know, take care of my mother, take care of me. They eat steak and lobster. We, that's us. We gonna go out like that. You know, What, I mean, right? And if I pass, whenever I leave my family, they should be good. But while I'm here, while I bust my ass for this, oh no, I'm gonna enjoy It Joe. Gonna live It up. Oh, To The, highest level Joe.


Let's talk about The beef. That happened this summer, this past summer. Drake is, he's The, crescendo. And then It seems like people that, and I think he thought that was cool with him. Al of a sudden came for It. Did you know that they felt like that about Drake and What? Why did so many people seem like he was Thanos and everybody was trying to Get him? Well, I don't want nobody to kill me after this. Not literally, but be upset with me. But Drake's a beautiful guy. He's always been nice to me. He's always been nice to everybody. I'm from The old school, so I'm from The. Don't bite The hand that feed you.


I'm for The loyalty so I could understand whatever, I don't know. The, dynamics of The beef between Kendrick and Drake. Okay? I don't know What that Beef from What popped up With that from It. Might just be good old hip hop. I'm better than you. You better than me. You gotta come out to The Yard, Prove It, you know, in Jail. Everybody's a gangster to somebody says, Shannon, come to The Yard. Get your knife. Let's go to The Yard. So Kendrick Lamar told him, let's go to The Yard, Bring your mic. They Came out, bring your mic, let's go. Now everybody yells. I don't know The story, but I was really shocked ho everybody went against th I I really, me, this is The. First time I actually even talk about It, like I'm, I was confused 'cause I thought everybody was family.


I thought everybody was cool. Everybody, everybody. I, you know, I never did a song with Drake. I never got a dollar from him. I never benefited from him. But he's a great person. Right? And just because I got a friend ho got a bunch of money, ho was The biggest rapper in The world. Don't mean he gotta make records with me. Correct. He don't mean I could just love him 'cause I love him. And so in The, hip hop sense, It was a great battle. But to answer your thing, if I was Drake, I'd be very confused on ho they, they Al collapsed on me Because a lot of people, like you said, ate off The plate that Drake said and for you. Okay, I Get It, people are going at him and it's easy when people are, it's easy to pile on once someone else has got you down, man.


And It seems like Kendrick was doing his thing. It was a nice, It was a nice record. It was played. They played, I mean they played It like, Oh no LA forget It not played played. If you go to LA right now, they playing that thing every two, that ho times oh six, is that Kendrick Lamar station? Yeah. Five times an hour. Yes. Or every 30 minutes? Yes. Oh no. It's crazy out there. It's crazy, you know, but you know, hip hop battles have always happened since The beginning of time. We encourage It, if there's no violence involved, you gotta come out to The Yard. That's why I didn't understand What. J Cole ain't come out to The Yard.


He ain't come out to The Yard. So I don't know. You know, I think j Cole's one of The best. Yeah, You understand? And Maybe he saw this thing where his thing was headed at. He's like, I don't, I don't even care. I I but you got to, huh? You gotta come to The Yard. The man summons you. You gotta come Joe. You gotta come to The Yard, you gotta come, you gotta come to The Yard. And I love j Cole and I love his music, but he gotta come to The Yard. Like you gotta this hip hop, that's ho It started right from day one. Busy B Kumo D ll Cool J Ice Tea Kumo d like this, this thing ain't new. KS one Mc Han Roxanne Shante, this, this is What. It is, you know, you gotta come to The Yard.


So What are your thoughts about Kendrick submitting The song for The Grammys. And it's nominated like What four or five times Song of The year record of The year. It's safe to say he got one when I heard that. And then bam bam, bam. Must It on The beat, bam, bam. I said, oh, he got one. He got one. Yeah. Even if It wasn't even a rap battle, It had nothing to Odoo with a rap battle. And he said they not like us. They not It would've been a super smash no matter What of course The Energy made, but then he rode in on, so he zeroed in on but The Energy, but everything, you know, America love a big fight. Yeah. That's why we watch football every Sunday.


That's why we watch The boxing matches. Yes. Yes. That's why we love that shit. You know, What, I'm saying we, and then we love a guy that's good that we wanna see him lose. I got The Kobe's on, I used to die for Kobe to lose. Like I be like, Odoo, I hate Kobe. He wins Al The time till he passed away. I cried like a baby and said, damn bro, we need Kobe. You know What I'm saying. Right. So that's What. America's built on America's built on a big fight. The talk The dis. That's never gonna change. 30 years from now, What, we look back on not like us, like no Vaseline hit 'em up. The The going between Nas 1000000000%, 1000000000%.


Ether. If, if we gonna Look, some people say bigger, some people say it's bigger because you got Drake. Yeah. This man put out hits ho many years Rich, 15 years we had never heard in our life, Drake not on The radio with a hit every like he look like a God. And then he goes to war with this other little fella ho going hard. And then The homeboy pulls out a go, shorty, it's your birthday, we going party. That's What. They not like us. Right? They not like us. It's like a lean back. It's An anthem. You could find me in The Club.


Yeah, that's a, that's that's going forever. I think one time you compared, you said Drake is like Ja rule and I guess Kendrick is like 50 did No I wouldn't. No, I never said that. Okay. And then, and I Put It put It into words. ho you ho you framed It. I never said that. Okay, so if we are looking at this battle, Ja Rule 50 Drake, I just think Drake. Drake Because Drake is so Big. No, no, no. I just think Drake, he might've lost The battle. You know What, I'm saying. Yeah. But I think he lives on to make more hits. He still does his stadiums. I still think he's The biggest rap star in The world. Like I, I don't, I think he's The biggest rap star in The world By losing this Does he lose, does he does any luster, any shine come off his luster?


Yeah, But we'll soon to see, we'll soon to see. Because if Drake comes out with 10 hits in a row, 15 hits in a row, we forget. We forget that he lost The battle. You know, see The problem with Jake with with Ja Rule and 50 is that 50 slowed him up to where with before that Ja rule was The Drake of The term with Al The hits. Okay, That's What you. Yeah. Okay. So What I'm saying is I believe that Drake will drop 10 15 hits in a row and it'll be like, yo, you caught that l that time. Like some, you know, some people think Jay-Z lost The Nas, but Jay-Z's Jay-Z. Correct. You understand? So I think that's what's gonna happen with this, right?


Can you explain The Ja rule in 50 Cent B to The best of your estimation, What What transpired. And why did It become, they didn't just leave It on The rat wax. I mean It It seemed like It was really personal and they sincerely, genuinely dislike each other Forever. But still, you know, I had It, you know, I was squashing The beef, right? Fat Joe was squashing The beef. I had It and Irving Ja was like, nah, we ain't squashing shit. Yeah. Yeah. I, I, I swore I had It. Like I I, I don't wanna put It on 50, but I think 50 was almost like, yo Joe, whatever you want to Odoo.


So I had that. And then when I went to th they was like, fuck that. This, this, that Odoo I recommend for beef to be 20, 30 years. I think that's dumb. I think It should be over. I think It would be show amazing growth for hip hop music if those two squash they beat. Yes, yes. And we move on, right? Like, you know, like me, I moved on like, you know, you gotta move on from these moments. They stuck in some shit and every time you just move on 50 It seems like when 50 Get into It with somebody 50 don't lose.


He don't. And he don't care. He'll, he, he gonna keep, I had a show with 52 nights ago, that's why I'm laughing. And he was talking my ear off like The The ear off. And you know this guy, he's so smart and you in The Club and he talking smart shit to you. And you're like, yo, fifth, like yo, we in The Club. He's like, yo, because Evan Ner this, you know, I'm like, yo fifth, like, you know, I'm proud of him because he come from The hood. He come from a tough background. Think of Al The people. He fed with Al, his power and ghosts and his team. See that's ho I look at hip hop when I see Young Thug.


Yeah, I want him outta jail. I want him to employ The 100 people. I want 'em to take care of his family. I wanna make sure his kids go to private school. That's ho I look at Al artists as they Get to feed so many people. Fat Joe. You see right here I feed about a hundred people. You know, families eat Thanksgiving 'cause of Fat Joe, you know, I'm talking about people ho personally, right? Work for me, you know, What I'm saying. And so, you know, I'm proud of him. I'm proud of Ja Rule. I'm proud of Al, my brothers, I'm, I'm at The point where I'm about positivity over everything. I, I could see through The bullshit and be like, yo bro, you know, you Got, let's Get this money together.


Let's Get this money together. You Get your bread. I'm gonna Get my bread. That's It. We don't need to be beefing. That's It What. We beefing for Matter of fact talking about bread. I brought you a gift. Okay, it's Corey Rewind The 10. And It says, why fight The time when you can rewind The time. Now Shannon, I'm not putting you in The age group, but maybe you want your line sharper. Ah, Maybe You want your line sharper. You see we got that Tyson Beckford, we got that tank. We got that Travis Kelsey, Nicky Jam, Brody, Jennifer, fat Joe, DJ Callister, that's in C VS Sally's beauties. We working. So you want me to Get some Get rid of some of this grill The side? I'm just saying You can Get The grays off.


Man, you know The girl Smith, don't let th lie to you. If a woman tells you she wants you gray and she likes you. Yeah, she locked. She trying to keep you out The game because why look 54 when you could be 44. Why look 43 when you could look 33? That's bullshit. Ah, our woman, they go straight. First thing I don't know about you I my daughter's 18 This Halloween. Choose ho scared.


You wanna be with Hulu on Disney Plus on Disney Plus feel a little scared with The Sanderson sisters in The iconic hocus pocus films don't miss Marvel television's. Agatha Al along as Wanda Vision's Agatha sets off on an adventure of mysterious trials on Hulu Get terrified in a world of cult killers in FXs horror thriller series Grotesquery and uncover sinister forces that threaten a small town family in hold Your breath Al of these and more now streaming available with The Disney bundle subscription terms apply. Visit disney plus.com/hulu for details.


Muhammad Ali George Foreman James Brown, BB King Miriam Maba, I shook up The world. James Brown said, say It loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in The, heart of Zaire Africa, three Days of music and then The boxing event. What was going on in The world at The time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on The Planet. My Grandfather laid on The ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble The story of a world in transformation The Sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call a person black And ho. We arrived at this peak moment. I don't have to be What, you want me to be We Al came from The continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, The election is in The home stretch and I'm exhausted. But turns out The End is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me ho need a little perspective and insight. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, van Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun, even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll Odoo that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B, Roy Wood Jr. And Charlemagne The. God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that What Democracy is Al about power to The podcast for The people. So Whether, you're obsessed with The News or just trying to figure out what's going on this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts or wherever you Get your podcast,


Right? Every week she gets 10 facials. I don't know ho they find time for that shit, right? They take care of themselves or find The money for It others? Oh no, she got It. Oh you, oh you got It? No, they got It. They got It. They got It. Yo Shannon, they got It man. They got It and it's like, but they take care of themselves, right? I don't see no gray hair on my wife or none of her friends. Why? We can't take care of ourselves. Rewind It. Is It true that you lost a 20 plus million dollar endorsement deal with brand Jordan because of your beef with 50? Yeah. ho So I don't know if It was 20 million, but we had to, I was designing It with Michael Jordan okay. Himself.


So I had seven meetings with him before any, before they mess with any rapper ever created. So You about to be Travis Scott before Travis? Yes. Yes. So we were sitting down, we was designing The sneakers seven times I came to Vegas, I came Al over and right before we was about to finalize The deal, we, we had that beef on The MTV awards where me and 50 were at each other, live on The MTV awards. And then I got a phone call The next day. I'll never forget I was in Jamaica and It was like, yo big Joe. 'cause you know Michael John called me Big Joe. He Don't call you fed Fat Joe. He Come me Big Joe said, yeah, big Joe, you know, I don't like controversy or this and maybe in The future, this, this, that.


And I was right there and that and, and you know, rap beef fucked up a lot of my money. You know What I'm saying because if you mess with 50 Cent, if you mess with Jay-Z people don't know we have subliminal rap beef with Jay-Z. So if you mess with Jay-Z you can't gimme no money because you gotta be lawyer to Jay-Z you gotta be lawyer to 50 Cent. You know, that's The Reebok deal. That's The Reebok deal That you had in place. Oh, they shut me down with that one. Wow. But you know, I understand in war that they didn't want me to Get financially secured like that. 'cause they knew I was dangerous. So I never cried about It, you know, What, I'm saying I just took It like It is, and, and just know that God loves me and I was eventually gonna Get my money anyway, you know?


But you're currently, you're cool with, with Hold. You cool with Bitty, I love th it's my brother 50 cents. My brother too. I love th Bose and I champion th and I'm happy for th and and they happy for me right? When they see me doing good, they happy for me. They give me The call be like, yo, congrats on The TV show yo, this, this, that I'm cool with Bose of th that's What. I'm trying to tell you this rap beef shit. It ain't about nothing What it's about is you uniting and getting money and taking care of your people and your community and inspiring The youth that's coming behind you. You know, What, I'm saying that ain't, you know, rap beef ain't never make me a dollar, But that's grown man stuff.


ho Odoo, you Get to The Point ho Odoo, you Get these young, young mens, these young men and women to Get to a point that they can have adult conversation. Well, The problem is you gotta realize that we got into hip hop to Get out of The bullshit. Don't bring It with you. You know? So we got out, we, we, we ho many times. We said, yo, we want to Get out The hood, we want this. Now you got It, now you living in a nice house, you're taking care of your moms, your crew, you know, stay focused on making your music, being creative, being The best artist you can be and stay away from Al that other shit because that ain't about nothing.


And The biggest rule you got to think about is when you an artist, when you got your crew or your entourage or your gang or whoever, those other guys don't look at The world like you. And so you looking at It and you be like, yo, I could be The next. Yo Gotti, I could be The next master PI could be The next. This, if your crew ain't thinking The, same thing. They'll fuck your whole shit up. 'cause they don't care, right? 'cause this is Johnny two times. Who's Johnny? Two times? Well he killed The. Same guy two times. You think he give a fuck about What? You thinking about business, right? Or what's your next creative sound or What movie you want to Odoo, he don't care, right?


His job is to kill somebody two times. He'll fuck The whole shit up for everybody. So you gotta watch ho you got and then let your crew know, yo, we going this way. You know, my brother's here with me now. Pistol Pete. Pistol Pete a jail legend pistol. Pete, one of The guys like Pistol Pete ain't in The Street, they just ain't. But I had to tame th yo bro, we living good ain't you in Vegas and sweets, right? Ain't you like chill? Don't mess this up now and over The years. Well, he's way past that, right? He's a grown ass man. But I had to work with him and my crew.


See, because if you are a real leader, your people shouldn't be going to jail. You guys can easily be manipulated by you to Odoo some shit and go to jail for 20 years. A true leader don't Cent him to jail. He keeps his crew with him. He keeps him right? So, you know, you sell him your pistol. When I win, you win. I don't want you in jail, brother. I don't want to go visit you in jail. You my brother. And now he goes to Rikers Island and Al places mentoring The youth talking to th ho to change their life when they Get out. And he has a podcast too called Dog in The Yard. But that's What I'm talking about. That's The True Transformation. You gotta watch The guys in your crew because The Feds, are they watching your crew The, hip hop police?


Oh, they watching your crew. They're not even watching you. They watching your crew. Now who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Who's that? Now? Let's see. What they doing And then that Al trickles back to you and jams you up like they did. Bobby Schmurder. Bobby Schmurder wasn't a bad guy. He was a good kid. He got jammed up. He was keeping It real with his crew from The Hood and bringing th to The studio and somehow got caught up in some shit and went to jail for seven, eight years. That kid had such a promising career. You know, they took It from him. You signed with with Rock Nation. What made you sign because you could have signed with anybody.


What made you sign with Rock Nation. There's a woman named Desiree Perez by, so she called me into The office. I had already made peace with Jay-Z right? He was already on The Al The way up remix. And she sat me down. And so this is OG Juan's wife. She sat me down and said, yo, you know, I think you should be a Rock nation artist and we should manage you. You know, and to th you know, in this game of chess, fat Joe was a real big piece to grab on. They on they on they on They team on The board, huh?


So she said, I know you doing The deal right now. And The deal was for a million dollars. I thought I negotiated a great deal. I was negotiating a deal with somebody. Let's just say $1 million for this glass of water. She said, What, if I told you I call that guy right now and that give you three and a half million for that same deal, you negotiated for 1 million. I said, let me see. She got The number called The. Dude said, yo, you doing a deal with Fat Joe? Yeah, yeah. You know this. She was like, yeah, it's for 1 million, right? Yeah, it's three and a half million. Now we manage him. He said, sure. I Cent The, check to Marade. Hung up The phone. Wow, That was It for me. You Was like, okay, yeah, yeah.


Oh no, no, that's It, that's It for me, nigga. I come from nothing when I see that type of power. I was like, oh no, I need that. Like, that's that. You know? And we've been happily ever after. But Joe ho does one sit aside his pride? Because like you said, you had a little subtle, not major with, with Hove ho did you set that aside and say, man, I'm finna Get at this money. That's BS later for that. Set that to The side. Lemme go Get this paper. You know, What, they did to me, Shannon. And I'm guilty of many, many, many, many crimes. Never rape, never murder. But I robbed people. I did everything you could. Odoo sold every drug you could Odoo, whatever.


So now I turned my life legit. And I trust these accountants and accountant fucked me and didn't pay my taxes while I was sending th wire transfers. The Feds come, my lawyer shows th that we was paying th The wire transfers and that he didn't pay my taxes. The Feds came back and said, you as The leader of your household is responsible for whoever you hired. So I wound up going to jail and they took Al my money, millions of dollars from me and left me dead broke. And so I had to come. I never made an excuse. I never borrowed money from nobody. I have friends that were millionaires that offered me, yo Joe take a million pit bull The rapper. Yeah, he The only one.


He offered me money, but Al my other friends that are rich, they were like, yo, Joe, let me give you a million dollars. You pay me back. Yo, this my man e Philly came crying to me with a duffel bag of cash. Like, please, YI can't take nobody money. So I went and performed The, Yugoslavia, Africa, China, Poland, wherever you name that had a dollar attached to The bottom of The table. I was out there. I made no excuses. Thank God I came back. And so when God show you that It could Al be snatched away, and then you got opportunity to put things aside and work with The powerfulest people in The game and Get money together, I would be a fool to turn that down.


Right? This Dame Dash is taking shots at you. He was in a, he was one of The most powerful guys in The position. He was with Hold Rock, Nate Rockefeller. Yeah. And he's take, I had him on my show and he didn't really wanna talk about anything, but he saw, so occasionally he'll go on his ig live and say this, this, and this. What's, what's The issue? What's going on with Dave? I don't Have no issue with Dave Dash. I actually, I went back to The video. That's why I stopped doing my lives. I went back to see yo did I dis th I didn't dissel. And he took something I had said prior and just accepted that. And he said that. I said he was delusional.


I did not say he, he was delusional. I just said, I use that example What Jay-Z said in The record, if you made Hove, go make another ho. Right? And I ain't see nobody make another Hove right now. Dave Dash, you know, he has a, he's in a point of his life. It's very sad to see what's going on with Dave Dash, right. But sometimes you so smart that you stand in The way of yourself and you block your own blessings and you just going and going and, and he responded to me.


So he know What time, Damon Dash, you know, What time It is like, don't you know that? Right? He Could have Just, he could. No, no, no. But he just know The difference between me and him. Right. Let's be clear. Okay, come on Joe. So, so The way he came at me was for me to respond. And then I felt like this was Al a clout click man. And It wasn't that serious. I respect th as a brilliant mind. I respect hear this too, Dave. I respect th as a brilliant mind. Somebody ho contributed to hip hop so much. And like I said, I'm in positivity. My immediately fat, your warrior was to snap back and start. And I realize like, yo bro, like this is The man.


He did so much for hip hop culture. I can't, I can't drag him while he is down or I can't, that's just not in me. You know, What, I mean, so I just, I stepped to The side. I let him go at me, take some shots and was like, Al, right? Damn. Cool. You know, What, I'm saying. But you know, it's sad to see where he's at right now, to be honest with you. And not, I don't know where he's at, but I, it's sad. Ho Odoo, you think Jay-Z is doing in The role that he has with The? N, FLI feel Great. I mean, The The The The last year was Usher. Usher Broke. Broke a Record. Yeah, I think It What, didn't he have Rihanna? I think Rihanna. Rihanna before that J-Lo was Shakira. It's been incredible. Dre Snoop 50 M Mary.


Now let's go Let's go. I did understand Lil Wayne's point of view. Okay. I did understand Cash Money's point of view, it's in Orleans is a small market. Those are The kings of in Orleans. Either way. I love Kendrick before, but, and Kendrick is The hottest guy in 2024. So I understood that. But I did under, you know, usually when people Odoo some shit, I'm really like, yo, my man, come on please. Right. This was legit. This, this was legit that Lil Wayne could have performed at hell down The half time could have brought Drake. He could have brought Nicki Mina It could, coulda brought The The hot boys.


Yeah. I mean, you know, It was legit. It was legit. It was It. It was like, I understand, I don't wanna take nothing for Kendrick Lamar 'cause he earned It. You know What I'm saying. But at The, same time, I wouldn't have mind The cash money. Half time Is It a situation because we saw What happened at The la Super Bowl where they had Dre, they had Snoop because prior to that, we had never seen a situation where a hometown act got to perform because when It was in Atlanta, they had Maroon five Atlanta. I checked Maroon five ain't from The eight. Yeah, they, they bypassed Usher, they bypassed Outcast and, and Ti and Luda and whomever Future Al those. Well ho did that, that was before Jay-Z That Was before ho.


Yeah, absolutely. You're absolutely right. But I'm saying, so I think that we thought that once Jay-Z got in there and they saw Dr. Dre and they saw Snoop at la, they just automatically assume now if The Super Bowls in somebody's hometown, oh they gonna Get It and It doesn't work like That. Does not, does not. It's a lot of politics that go involved, you know, just like you, you from la, right? You live in LA Yeah. Every one second is Kendrick Lamar on that race. Yeah. The people ho make decisions are The N FL live in LA and they listening to that radio and every one second is Kendrick Lamar. So they thinking that's Al over America ringing off like that.


And, and so they picked him. He's The biggest guy for 2024. I love It either way. Right? And who's to say that he doesn't bring out little Wayne? Who's to say they don't rock out like that? You know, And bring What The cash money or bring out Master, no Limit Soldiers or something. Have some aspect of The in Orleans because M Mia X I'm a, I'm a big fan of in Orleans hip hop right? From day one, you know What, I'm saying? Yeah. They, they, they helped this, this hip hop evolve The Cash money The no limit that, you know, they, they, you know, in Orleans always been The shit in hip hop. Right? You know, What I'm Saying, I mean they could have if, would you have felt better if they'd have brought out The Neville Brothers if they'd brought out went The, Brandon Marcells?


Well, I'm just saying. So I mean, Harry and Connie Jr. Their native God bless, th maybe they could have played, you know, now I would've respected It if Lil Wayne was performing right. And The Neville brothers are playing The music behind th Right. That's inclusion. Right. But to hear that, I'd rather hear Kendrick Lamar or, or The Cash Money Crew. Right. This concludes The first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access It to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from The in Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off The Edge with me, cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have The, biggest N FL stars. Join me to give a player's perspective of The biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around The League. So tap in to off The Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for Al things, football and not football. Listen on The, iHeart radio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcast.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore The making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed The way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover Al things, sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on The Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you Get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake, I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about It. If you're a sports fan, waking and Jake is The place for you. Covering Al The hot topics from The sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, Al of It, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on The Wake and Jake YouTube channel, or listen on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcasts.