
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Lowe's Nose A Thriving Yard starts with quality care. Right now. Get mural Cook Row, threequarter Cubic Foot All Purpose Garden Soil for just $2 was $4 and 58 cents. Plus, get a free Select Ego, 56 volt trimmer or blower with a purchase of a Select Ego. 56 volt mower. The best yard starts with the best deals. Lowe's, we help you save valid through five 14 Excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last.


The Made for This Mountain Podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during Mental Health Awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing, and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. Listen to, made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company. The podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


No more talking about they sent the DVD back back then was vhs. Okay. I had vhs. Vhs don't lie. These people I tape. You know, vhs, I had Ninja Turtle tapes. Okay, so you do know about VHS? Yeah. America. Once again, welcome to another episode of Hawks and Friends. Man, listen. Oh, that's what the AF stands for? Yes, that's what the AF friends, I thought it was too. They said DC Young Fly was hosting a podcast and it was called Hawks AF. No, I said, oh, they have let the nephew loose. I was not too loose for a second. Not too loose.


Okay. Alright. So we still on brand? Yeah, we still advertise, still brand. We still on brand. But I gotta give you the proper introduction. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You know what, you an icon. Go ahead. My bad. You, you a legend. It's because we know each other because Yeah. This here. Yeah. Go ahead. Do it. Do right. But I have to let the people know. Yes. Okay. Now today's guest. All right. My OG man. Someone I, I could, I could call on, especially when I have, You know what I'm saying? Advice. When I need advice. He's a Hollywood icon. Filmmaker, producer, director, hella his business. Make some noise for Will Packer. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. Thank you for Happy Baby. Come on now. Come on. Come on now. Now it's gonna be here. How you feeling, man? It feel good. Yeah. Holster gave me a job.


Yeah, what I'm saying, I see that. They told me Come on back. So this is job number three thousand seven hundred and twenty three thousand seven hundred and twenty. Now the crazy thing is that you lied to these people, told 'em you didn't have a job and that's how you got this one. And that's why I love you. But You know what? I did tell 'em I needed, I wanted to add the money to the tickets. Yes. Because them season tickets are expensive. They are tough. You did. They tough. How? How's it going man? Listen, You know I'm still on my Hollywood grind. Yes, I am. I'm blessed. Yes. I cannot lie. I'm here chilling with you. Right. Hawks gonna pull off a win tonight. Right. I'm feeling good. I really am. You know, are you a Hawks man? Of course. What do you mean? Oh, I'm a long time Hawks board member. Oh. Oh yeah. Board member. Hold on. Wait a minute. Wait a minute.


I didn't even know there was different levels. Boards. Yeah. Levels. So what you mean about board members? There are Yes. Yes. So you mean like, you gotta say so well on this train? Well, I am not gonna say that. No, I have nothing to say. Okay. On the actual basketball operations. Okay. Okay. This is the philanthropic board, sir. Okay. Okay. You know, we get back to the community and do all those things. And so Mr. Tony Wrestler and Jamie Gertz, very good friend of mine. Yes, sir. Majority owners of the Hawks, they invited me to be a part of the board. Right. So I have been a long time member of the board and now they're transitioning. So I go on and do some other stuff and I was proud of my time on the Hawks Board. Okay. So speak, You know, it's levels DC You know that brother. I've always levels. So I'm trying to get on the board. Next time well speak of the board. Easy. Easy. Okay. Now you've been on the Atlanta board for, for quite some time.


Yeah. Like, especially in the, in the film industry. Like Yeah. How is it different from when you first got into the game to where you see Filmers now today? Oh, it's different. Yeah. The game is constantly changing. Right. And I tell people that all the time, right. If you wanna get into film, you and I have had this conversation before, right? You have to be malleable and you have to know your audience. Right? Right. Because a lot of people are always trying to get to folks like me and other Hollywood executives. Right. And there's nothing wrong with that. But the major media companies are looking for people, honestly, D dc I would say this, whether you're here or not, but like you that have a brand. So I'm telling people all the time, your brand is very important. Right? And so what that means is that you gotta be careful with what you're doing all the time.


All the time. Okay. Just can't just produce anything. You can't produce everything. You can't, you can't tweet and post everything, right? Because it is your brand. You're building a brand, right? But what you wanna do is you wanna have an audience that connects with you. You wanna have an audience that will follow you wherever you go. And then the media companies will come. So I'm telling people all the time, don't think that you can only get into Hollywood by going through gatekeepers like myself. Right. Because there is a way, especially now this is the time of what I like to call the, the democratization of media, right? Right. If you are somebody that has an amazing idea and amazing talent, you can go out and take it directly to the people. Right? And so I encourage folks to do that and if they like it, but then you have power. You build a brand. Absolutely. Right? The media players like myself, we will come find you.


Mm. Right? And so that's why I encourage people to do so. I'm still out here. The game has definitely changed, but I think in a good way, right? It's changed because there's more opportunities. It's tough as it is. It's still very tough. This is an industry just like sports, right? Entertainment, very high profile industries that a lot of people want to get into. But the reality is that if you are grinding and building your own brand and building your own audience, folks will find you. So speaking to building a brand, because You know when we did almost Christmas Yes sir. You appreciate you T Davis Yes. Put me alongside some stuff that to a theatrical debut. Debut. Yes, yes, yes. DC on the big screen. And to this day, man, I'm, I'm so grateful hear if you haven't seen it yet, almost Christmas, d dc It's every Christmas.


He, every Christmas it is a staple. It's every Christmas. You got a lot of people that toot into that movie. Every Christmas, DC stills a show. I'm tell that right now. I appreciate the opportunity. And I always tell you that because it doesn't matter how far we get in the game. I think as peers and, and, and You know what I'm saying, comrades, we always gotta tell each other when we are appreciative and what we're thankful. A hundred percent. Because that little boost is the boost that I needed. Yeah. Or that little boost showed the world like, look, he's on his way. Yeah. And it's on you to continue to grind. Now, you, you came from fam u Yes, sir. Yes sir. You, you in Florida and University Florida, in case there was ever any mistake, which there should never be. So the journey from fam u Yeah. To where you are now, like Yeah. To stay consistent and stay hungry because you and Kev like, yeah.


Y'all, y'all don't play. Yeah. Kev Hart, y'all don't play. Me and Kev are each other's most frequent collaborators. Right. Kevin Hart has never worked with another producer as much as worked me. And I've never worked with another actor as many times I've worked with him. Right. You know what the commonality is, Dee The work ethic Kevin Hart is going to work hard. Right? You're not gonna outwork him and you're not gonna outwork Will Packer. So and so if you watching this podcast right now, you're saying, well, I wanna get to where DC fly your side. I wanna get to where Will Packer is. The answer is that you have to go out and make sure that you're outworking all your peers. Right. That's the bottom line. Right. People don't want to hear that. It's not a magical formula that you can put together. Right. And a lot of times people think because we are an age of social media, you can just put up a post and hit send and get a trillion views and now you're rich work like that.


So a lot of people don't understand the hustle. They, they, they don't know what to find the grind. They think that once somebody tells you no, it's over with. Right. So when you say outwork your peers, you have to cons consistently take the yeses and the nos. Correct. You have to take the nos as if it was a door saying you might can't make enter this door. But there's a door down the street. Let me tell you why nos can be good. Right. I call 'em fortuitous nos. A no can actually cause you to adjust what you're doing to think about the game differently. Correct? I have been told no so many times different percept Ma'am, it changes your perception because just because you got told no doesn't mean that that dream, that endeavor, whatever you're trying to do is dead.


Right. It means you might have to adjust it, you might have to go about it differently. Correct. And in going about it differently, you can actually make it better. Correct. That's the thing that I want people to know. I didn't get to where I am because I just got told Yes a bunch of times. Correct. I got told no so many times. I was constantly falling on my face, constantly failing. But I never accepted it as failure. I never accepted somebody telling me what I couldn't do as the final answer. I got the final answer. Right. You got the final answer. Right. You got the final answer. Right. Whatever you say is what ultimately goes not somebody else. 'cause they got some position of power. So somebody telling you no is really just an opportunity for you to tweak what you're doing, think about it in a different way, and come out better.


And, and to speak on that. Back then it was not too many black filmmakers or or, or film production companies. And when you came from FMU you Yeah. You took your, your education and your knowledge and you said, let me start to apply it. Yes. And you came out with Rainforest Fam. That's real. Yeah. Come on now. Right? Explain, explain a little bit about Rainforest. Yeah. Yeah. So coming straight out of FMU Right? We made a little tiny movie while we were there. It's called Chocolate City. Right. And we sent to Hollywood and Hollywood didn't care. They sent it back. Ah. They said, please don't send us nothing no more. Talking about they sent the DVD back. They said it Well, back then it was VHS. Okay. Okay. All right. Stay with me. I'm with it. Before Tired, I had vhs, vhs Stop playing. Don't a lot of these people, I had plenty tape. You know, vhs, I had Ninja Turtle tapes.


Okay. So You know about V hs. Yeah. We was sending VHS to Hollywood with this movie. We had worked so, so very hard on Okay. It, we may independently, nobody would watch it. Nobody would respond to it. Okay. What it did is it forced us to then go out and make another movie independently without Hollywood. Mm. That was our first movie we made after we moved right here to Atlanta. And it was called myself and my OG play a partner to this very day. His name is Rob Hardy. He and I started Rainforest Films. That was our production company. We didn't want to go to New York. We didn't want to go to LA 'cause we felt like we would be just another small fish in a big pond. Right. This is a testament to I don't care where you are. Right. The magic is not the city. The magic is not the market.


The magic is not the industry. The magic is you. Right. So we were able to be successful not being in a major film market at that time. We moved right here to Atlanta. This is back when control your dot your, your parameter. Yes. Where you can Absolutely. A hundred percent. Right. We moved here 'cause the music industry was popping this back in the days of LaFace. So, so def So you'll be a fresh noise. You'll be a fresh start. We came in like, hey, and You know, we thought, we thought we were gonna come in and we were going to be able to produce music videos for all the new hip hop labels that were coming up. DC We came to Atlanta, couldn't get one music video. No. Nobody would hire us. None. All these people are my folks right now. Right, right. Jermaine Dupre would not hire Dallas, Austin. No. What? None of them.


La Face La or baby face. Nobody would hire us. None of the faces. None of the faces. We couldn't get one face to hire us. But that's that for two of us. No. Right. They all told us. No. And what it was was that we were the new guys. Right. They knew the people. They had cats that were already doing music videos for them. Right. It made us then say, all right, we can't depend on that industry. We're gonna go out and make our own movie. And we shot our own independent film that was Trois, which ended up coming out and making a million dollars completely independent of Hollywood. Right. If we were able to go and do music videos, if we had got told yes instead of no, we never would've went off and shot our own independent movie. So by y'all. That's why that's what was meant to be. So by y'all doing that Yeah. Gave y'all the, the, You know what I, I wanna say like the dream to say, You know what, just continue to keep going.


Stump the yard. Yeah. Come on now. Now you getting to the good stu. Yeah. Y'all getting to the good now. You getting to now you gotta wake up to understand because like you say, you are the Yes for real. Yeah. You are the vision. Yeah. It took those lessons for you to be like, to get to this point. No question. Now stomped the yard. Stomped the yard. Tell us about the process. Withs stump the yard that stomped the yard was a movie that we dreamed of making a movie about black college life. Right. We took it to Hollywood and literally every studio told us, no, everybody, you name a movie studio in Hollywood. They said, we are not making this movie. But we didn't let that kill our dream. We adjusted the way Right. That we pitched the movie and we said, You know what we're gonna do? We been selling it as a black college movie. Now we're gonna go and we're going to sell it as a dance movie that happens to take place at a black college.


Woo. And the studio's got that. You switched the pi, you're getting the same movie that switched the dance. See that's, that's what we did. We switched that pitch up. All you need is one. Yes. Right. I don't care if you get a thousand nos you don't need but one. Yes. Right. We got that one. Yes. Stomped the yard. Right. That was our very first number one movie. Number one at the box office. Two weeks in a row. Absolutely. And nobody wanted to make it, but we made it happen. Absolutely. You got human hands in here. Come on. Yeah. What we do, we do. It's a Please come on now. Now you got a amazing book Yeah. Out right now. Who's better than you? Yes. Now Yes. Tell us who, who better, who better than you. Who better than you. Yes. Yeah. 'cause the implication is that there is nobody better than you. Right. To achieve not medium level success, not good success, but great success.


Right. But to do that, you have to have what I call healthy arrogance. The most successful people I know have a supreme level of confidence, not just that they could be successful. Right. But that they are meant to be successful. Right. These are people that believe no matter what I am supposed, I am predestined. Right. For success. Right. So what I do in this book is I break down stories. There's some stories I never told before over 30 years in Hollywood. And I'm working around some of the most high profile, most successful people in the world. And they all have very similar traits. They have healthy airings and they dream big. And so this book is me. It's like a, it's like a master. It's like for somebody that's just starting off or wants to transition into a new career or wants to figure out how to live a more full life.


And I'm saying you can do that. And the way to do is by understanding that there's no one better than you to do it. So the book is out right now. Talk your talk. Yeah. Man. And before we go play this game right now against the Bucks. Yes. You know, 'cause I gotta see this new talent that the host got. What you think? I I think, I think I I, it took some time for me to evaluate. Okay. All right. What your, is your professional sports opinion? My professional sports, my friend Tony Wrestler. I'm gonna go whatever you say. I'm taking it straight to ownership. I had to sit down and think, do you approve sir? You know, I, I don't approve of the players leaving. Okay. Now. Okay. But I do understand why they had to go, you understand the decision and I understand the value that we got from, okay.


So if we traded Deandre Hunter, yes. They gave us two players and three second round picks. I'm like okay. So he was valuable enough for us to get a lot. That's correct. So who's ever in control Just utilize what we got. Do you feel like it's a good long term move? If, 'cause I'm, I'm thinking at it like right now I'm like, I'm if, if I was in the, on the board. Yep. Yep. You know what I'm saying? Because I ain't on the board. But if I was on the board, if you were Yes. If I was on the board, talk em talk to em. I would say don't give up too much money upfront. They have to work for it. So if that's saying quote unquote if somebody signed a bad contract, which means if the Hawks gave up too much money upfront.


Yeah. And now the player is starting to develop on his fifth, sixth year. Yeah. You done gave him one 50 already. Now he wants 300. Yeah, absolutely. When it's time to negotiate, it only goes up. Doesn't go down, it goes. You feel me? Yeah. So it's like okay, give the new guy the 50, the 40 by the sixth year one 50 sounds way better than that. 40. It would be a lot of NBA players that would hate you as an owner because you don't mess around. You would be a, you would be stingy af as an owner. Stingy C on fly would be stingy and friends as an owner. I'm gonna tell you that right now. If think about it right now. Like some players getting paid on the pitch. I'm just saying these seeds, the tickets, if they was a little cheaper, I wouldn't be tripping.


I can't wait. They making us pay like we coming to see. I can't wait. LeBron, Michael, Jordan, it's the all in. I can't wait till you buy your team. I'm gonna be right there. Listen that why I got a little lead team. Listen, I gotta start off small. You ain't gonna have no stars on your team. I got a U team. I tell you now. Y'all playing for still have a youth team and Gatorade. They gonna be playing for compliments from D did good. You did good Senator. They gonna be playing for pictures way to go forward. They ain't gonna be have real names on back of they jersey's gonna say forward guard that what Alabama do. They don't need Uhuh. You gotta work for little names and look how they want. Huh? Look at that. You know what, I'm don't know who stole Black Saban up here come. They said no it's 82. But nah, OG man we appreciate your, your, your presence, your time and everything that you've done for the game now.


I appreciate man. Now before we go Yeah man. With your legacy. I don't see it stopping no time soon. I don't, I don't. It's just I appreciate that. It's just too much going on out here. And it's, we need the real directors in the producers any game like you say, they can speak for us. Like you said stump the yard was a success. Yeah. You knew it was a success because you are the people. You are there, you're touching it and like you said, I wanna do something new that ain't been done before. Real, they don't understand what I'm saying. Yeah. Let me just readjust the pitch. Yep. To make it fit comfortable for them. That's right. And we still get our point across. Period. What do you want the people to remember from your legacy? You know what, it's very, very simple.


It's not what I've done. It's not the billion dollars in the box office or the 10 number one movement hold you not just gonna walk past that. I mean like that just hold. He said it like you. That's my stat. I don't know. Billion dollars of box. Are we not getting stats? We at the A game. I just figured I would just give my stat, You know, give talk. You know what it is though, A real talk. It is the people I've affected. You know, it's you. It's the next generation that looks at me and says, You know what OG I'm inspired by you. Right. That's what I want to leave behind. Right. When we all leave this earth, we will be remembered by the people that we touched facts and the people that we affected facts. And so I am definitely at that stage right now where I'm trying to make sure that I'm leaving an impact.


That I'm making sure that others who encounter me are better for it. And I try to be very, very intentional about that. Hey man, you did that man. Thank you brother and we appreciate it and I appreciate it. Don't let this be your last time. I'm coming back. When the next time you drop another movie. Yeah. If they let you keep the show you over here hating on the players. I'm gonna be on the boat. Players overpaid. I ain't hat on this your last day. No. What I'm saying is I see what they're doing. You know what? They love you 'cause you real, that's all. You real and you speak, you have always speak, spoken the voice of the people. That's all I'm saying. I'm the, I'm the VOP baby. When you walk out here with DC he can't even walk through the scenes. He's like one of the players. Everybody know him. Dc DC What's up nephew? Oh, young Blow. Everybody knows you. Everybody loves you.


I'm just don't ever change. Oh come on man. People just like that. I never listen. We gonna keep God first. Absolutely. All day. We gonna stay thankful. He's all we got. We gonna stay grateful. Yep. Because like, You know, we, we came from the bottom period and once you realize when you was at the bottom, you still had the same tools you got now. Yep. You just waited for the opportunity. Yep. You waited for when it was your time and when your time came, like you said you took the yeses with the nos. Yep. And you just stayed going. Period. That's the only way to win. Period. Period. So we appreciate you. Thank you for having me. My guy on Hey A TL America Hawks and Friends. We'll be back.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


The Made for This Mountain podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the Struggle. Listen to, made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are listening to an iHeartPodcasts.