
When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite Check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than CR-V and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation.


I just think about how many people wanted to kill me when I pushed LeBron. Ha. I remember that. I thought the fans was gonna ride with me. I was like, stand up Hawks fans. They like, nah, that's the key. Oh, oh, oh, oh oh oh America. Welcome to a brand new episode of Hawks and Friends. Man, You know what this feel like the backyard. It feel like my homeboy came back. You know what I'm saying? It feel like the one who went to college and came back to the high school just to make sure the team's still good. We got a icon in the building. We got a ATLs legend in the building.


NBA champ, NBA Allstar, one of ATLs own Jeff t. Appreciate y'all having me on the show. Oh Man. Man, it's, it's an honor. My God. Welcome back to the city. I'm hyped, You know I'm, every time I come back to Atlanta, it's always like home. I had to eat some JR. Crickets when I first got back fast. Yeah, probably get some American deli too. You Go to the blue flame, did You? Nah, I ain't been there yet. Okay. Okay. Take before I'm home on my way. You On your way? Nah man. So look man, what was your favorite memory of playing with a TL Hawks? Getting drafted here. I got drafted here. 20 years old, getting drafted, living out your dream to come to Atlanta.


Right? One of the greatest cities in the world. And then like be able to play with the Hawks and some of my favorite players growing up. Like a Mike Bibby, right. Joe Johnson. Those guys. It was just dope. So Speaking of that moment, like that draft day when the Hawks called your name, like give us, give us that, that, that rundown. Yeah. I was at home. I hadn't, I didn't work out for the Hawk so. Right. I knew I didn't know anything about Atlanta. I'm from Indianapolis, Indiana. Right. And I really didn't travel like that. I went to North Carolina, well Wake Forest right. Moved to North Carolina and that's really was my furthest I ever been. Right. So then when I get called by the Hawks, I knew nothing about Atlanta and my brother was like Lil John. That's all I kept saying like Yeah Little John.


He about to be with Little John. And I was like, and that, That's crazy. That's the first p he Called. I swear Little John, he about to be with Little John. Did you see him? I ain't never meet Little John, but Okay. That's right. Say bro. Man, You know what, you was a part of a, a unique squad man, that 2014, 15 squad, like it's hard to build momentum. It's hard to actually build a team that you can trust. Like tell us about that squad. It was an unbelievable group. We played together. We enjoyed playing with one another. We just wanted to win. Right. And we thought we had a team to win a championship. I think we had a really good season. I mean we went up against the LeBron. Y'all did. It's gonna be tough to be LeBron. But that group, we played good together.


We enjoyed playing for one another. We wanted to win and we ain't care who got the glory. Right. We just like, man, if we win we all gonna win. And that's what it was. What did you miss most about that 2014 15 series? What I miss, I just miss the guys like seeing 'em today. Right. And like being around Kyle and Paul, even though we don't talk every day, but when we get around each other, man, it's like old times we was just reminiscing about all the good stuff that we did. Just riding the bus rides, talking crazy on the court. Me and Kyle used to do a shooting game every day. Obviously he was a way better shooter than me, but I, I beat him a couple times and I made sure to let him know when I won. And we was just talking about some of those moments. Now you, You know, played in a couple, a couple eras, man, You know what I'm saying?


Like now to be in the game. What, what? How Y'all said like after seven to eight years you are now like a super veteran. Yeah. People don't really last that long. So ex explain how the game changed from when you first started out. When I first started it was like a slow game. We, we threw the ball into the post and then you had Joe Johnson. I was on tune with Joe. So he got the chance to play ISO a lot. Then last the years went on it was way more three point shots. Like you didn't shoot fast break threes when I first got in the league. That what I'm saying all this stuff Curry. Nah, nah, you ain't Do that. Shoot that now you get kicked out the game. Yeah, but now you gotta shoot 'em. So like watching that just that whole transition is crazy.


But it was just how cool you be able to be a part of both of those eras. So I get to hear the old heads talk crazy about how bad the game is. Right. But then I was also part of the era where you got to shoot a bunch of three. So it's cool. So, so give us a teammate who had like, the biggest impact on your career because it's a lot of ends and out when it comes to the game and when it comes to the business. Like who was that big bro for you? Man, it was a, it was a guy, Damien Wilkins, Dominique's nephew. He was on the team with us one year and he, it was my second year in the league. He just pulled me to the side 'cause I loved Atlanta. Right. And when I say I loved Atlanta, I was outside. That mean you was outside? Yeah, I was outside.


So he just pulled me in and like let me know you can do both but you gotta keep the main thing the main thing. Right. And it kind of really saved my career. 'cause I was on a path of just, I was gonna be outta there. You know, he don't play long. It's only four years is like the average career. Right. I was in year two and I wasn't playing that much. Mm. So he pulled me to the side and he helped me out. So speaking of not playing that much and knowing your potential and knowing, like, 'cause I, I watched you, I watched you grow here and I watched you become a starter. I watched you go and go to to the other team. You play for him and become a champion. And I know, I know it hurts, but just talk that elevation and, and that transition in the game when you gotta wait your turn and when it's time for you to shine, that's when you gotta go out there and give it your all.


Yeah. At that time when I came to league, you had to learn like not too many people just started right away. You had to be like the top 10, pick top five pick and you got your chance to start. It's a little different now, but I had to wait my turn. We had Mike Bibby here. Right? Mike was a vet. He was vet. He was a good player. He was, he was. He was nice. Right. So I had to wait my turn and he got traded. Kurt, Kurt Henry came here, he was starting then he got hurt and it was just my opportunity to play and I just tried to make the most, the most of it and I ran off with it. And I tried not to look back, Pop it, pop it. Now, now we going, we going pivot a little bit because I seen the pick. Everybody seen the pick, which this, You know the pick I'm talking about.


Go on, pull it up, pull it up on the app, click this One. Now when I got left by the bus. Damn that was it with you holding the pizza? Yeah, they left me Man. And that's why you were holding the pizza bro? Yeah, so my sister had came to the game in Detroit and she hadn't seen me play before. Right. So I was out after the game. You get to go talk to your family. I was talking to her and we just chopping it up and I started looking around the arena. I'm like, dang, ain't nobody else out here. I'm like, I know I ain't the only one with some family in Detroit. But I go to the back and the dudes on the Detroit, the ball boys was like, dang, They Left you, they left you bro. But don't they do a roll call?


Yeah. They forgot. I guess I ain't get the call. So I, I start calling all the phones and I'm like, Hey y'all left me, come back. Right. And they like 10 minutes out. They come back and I get on the bus, You know I'm, if y'all don't know me, I talk crazy all the time. I'm like, Hey, how y'all gonna leave me? I'm just ta I'm playing. Right. And coach was like, sit yo, he got got me up outta her. He was high. Damn. Well how you mad at me and you left me? How you Mad at me for leaving me? You left me. But it's all good. It is all good. But I know a, a phone call you, you, you did get And that was to tap into this media space. Yeah. Yeah. Like you got a, you got a podcast. Podcast Club five 20. Yep. You dig like what made you start getting to the media?


Into the media world? Man, my homeboys that I do the podcast with, they were already doing a podcast and I was just like, went on. They show one day and I had fun. Right. And I was like, man, need to get my own. I can do that. Right. I was like, I can do that. But I was like, I'm really kind of crazy. Right. I'm like, I'm a little raw. Right. They like, that's what we like right? We like raw, we gonna keep it real. And once we started doing it, it just started flowing and it was cool. Now, Now speaking of raw, you, you got like the best story. Like I be tuned in Guy, you got some of the best stories. Give us a a a real like dope behind the scene. NBA story that you ain't exclusive A Hawks of Friends exclusive NBA story. Yo. I don't, I don't, I can't think of nothing right now.


I gotta, I gotta be put in a moment. So that's the thing about our podcast, we don't just tell stories. Right. It'd be organic. Like something that happened and I'd be like, man, I remember. Alright, Well since we in the, since we in the Hawks Because like you came on the show and I remember we was talking Yeah. And we was talking. Yeah I'm talking about it got real. I be like dang damn I supposed to Even say that. Okay. But we in the hawk what happened here that you could think of every time you come in, you think about it. You like, why? I just think about how many people wanted to kill me when I pushed LeBron. Ha I remember that. I thought y'all got Beat Up by here. I I thought the Fed was gonna ride with me. I was like stand them Hawks fans. They like nah. That's the key. Nah man.


So, so when you down here in the a like I know you bust a couple old, You know what I'm saying, corners and some of your old favorite spots that you used to hit, like what's, what's the Jeff t favorite restaurant when he in a TL? Well I used to eat US Cafe a lot there. I don't know if that's still open but JR Crickets was my spot. American Deli obviously was my spot too. I think Mary Dely got crack in it. Man. When I was a, when I was younger, when I first got here I used to like Mary Max. I don't know what it's hitting on now. Mary Mac, what is it? It's downtown. It's down here. Oh yeah, From the west side. We ain't gonna Mary Mary Max. I know a lady named Miss Mary. Yeah. But that was really it obviously You know Lou Lou know where the good chicken wing?


Yeah. You already what you brought Lou in? I already knew. I just, all I saw was, You know what call. Okay. Okay that's crazy 'cause I need this card right here. Look at the dollar fell in my lap. So look this a speed round right here Gay. Okay. Because we gotta go back out here and see these halts. You know what, before we get into speed round, could you talk, I cannot let you get outta here. This just hit my mind like a light bulb. Like ding because you raw. I want you to tell the truth. How do you feel about our hawks right now? I'm a fan of the team. I know I, we went through some tough injuries. Right. Jalen Johnson. Right. I think he a all star. He's a super beast. Yeah. I think he cold. Obviously Trey Young is who he is.


All Star Beast. Allstar cold. I think when you got those two as your foundation going forward. Right. They in good hands. Do Did you, do you like our trades? Do you, do you think we won George, George Niang? That's my, he was my rookie. Right. And I got traded from here to the Indiana. George was on the team with me. He was my rookie. So that's my guy. Okay. I'm, yeah, that's my dog. I'm Hype P here. Right. Because I know what Atlanta is like. Right. And he going, I know he love the city. We already talked about it. He love it here already. Right. So good to see him here playing with Coach Q already with Quinn. They played in Utah to get, well he coached him in Utah. So I know that's gonna be a good blend. I like Kara Vert, he can hoop and I like TI like Him. He g Yeah T man good too. They all, everybody we got in the trade is dope.


Okay. D Hunt was my guy. So when, that was my talk. So when I got traded back here when D Hunt, so seeing D Hunt leave and he was having a heck of a year. D was having a heck of a. So I I I mean they gotta do what they gotta do. I know Man. It is business but You know, I understand the business side. So yeah. But Deon was having a heck of a year. But shout out to them. I love, I like the guys we got though. Yeah, I do too. Alright. Okay, here we go. We got the speed round. Okay, we gotta go see the guys play 'cause You know they're formula lane trying to build energy and we gotta make sure we see play by play. Okay. Favorite Hawks jersey? The Pac man. Okay. Okay.


Toughest defender. You ever had to go up against Toughest defender ta self lotion. Ooh, okay. Okay. Best trash talker you ever played with or against Kevin Garnet? Yeah, he, he talking, he talking heavy first NBA jersey you ever owned? Penny Hardaway. Penny Hardaway. Okay. Hey man, there you have it. A TL. Listen man y'all, y'all really caught this exclusive like they really was calling in, sending in emails like you gotta get Jeff t. Soon as we had Joe on here, I don't know how many more NBA players we going to have. But y'all more than welcome bro. We appreciate you for stopping By. Nah, I appreciate y'all having me man. It's dope. Keep doing your thing.


Me too brother. Most definitely. And make sure y'all stay tuned America and make sure you watch Jeff T Podcast Club five 20 as well. You dig Hawks and Friends? How? One quick picture for social.


You don't want vacation to end, but with Amex platinum it doesn't have to just yet. You can sit back and relax at the airport with Centurion lounge access and because you earn five times membership, rewards points on prepaid hotels and more. Book through amex travel.com. Your trip to the beach and back can take you somewhere different. Next time we should go to Thailand. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash with amex.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink.


That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Oh tasty. High note. Oh hi. Don't mind me. I am practicing my new baritone sacks. I just heard PayPal's paying for people's stuff every day for a hundred days and there's 10 million up for grabs. All you have to do is use PayPal checkout online. So there's never been a better time to buy a few things off the old wishlist. Like this, leafblower PayPal could pay for your purchase, the great PayPal checkout, No purchase necessary in July 18th. To see official rules at PayPal dot com slash the great PayPal checkout slash terms participating merchants only must use PayPal checkout online coverage of up to $100 in eligible purchases per cart.