
Spring is here, And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we started together. Watch the Today Show weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've Told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, listen To the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne THA God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third Annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions, Mandy B and Wheezy. Okay, we got the RB Money Podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. We got the Woman of All podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion, good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast, and many more will be on that stage live. And of course, it's bigger than podcast. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival. Proudly sponsored by Nissan.


Yeah, you got the, you got the, oh, it's, you got it down. Yeah. I'm trying, I'm trying to get it right. You got the silhouette down. Ah, we ain't playing. Hey, listen, man, America, I, I I, we are here again on another beautiful day on the Hawks and Friends podcast, man. And I'm just trying to keep my composure because we don't get a chance to be shoulder to shoulders with legends, shoulder to shoulders with icons, man. And listen man, today's guest needs no introduction. Okay. A hall of famer, a icon, a legend.


Everybody makes some noise for Dominique Wilker. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Appreciate it, man. Oh, you man. What's Happening? What's happening, man? It's good to see you outside of the Hawks Arena, man. I'm Telling you, man, You're not as amped up today as you are at the arena. Nah, man. 'cause You know, I really be into it. I really be into it. You know what I'm saying? Like that. But you amped up, but you ain't amped up like that. I'm Amped up 'cause I'm a fan when I'm at that arena. I paid for them to hear my frustration. I, I feel you, you Feel what I'm saying? No doubt. Because they represent us. I am really from Atlanta, but you have been representing Atlanta for quite some times, man. And we wanna say thank you. Oh, you're welcome man. I appreciate it. You know, Atlanta basically made me who I am.


Right. You know, when I came outta high school, right. Actually, I moved to Atlanta first before I went to the University of Georgia. And Georgia kind of got me outta the situation that I was in, in North Carolina, which was a pretty intense, dangerous situation. Right. And this was the first city that I came to, Man. And, and, and, and, and take it back to the eighties, man, the NBA draft 82, first round, third overall pick. Like how did that feel? Because, You know, I had a dream to be in the NBA, but it's people that actually lived our dreams. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So we be living through people. So when we say that and when people say that to me, I, I really understand.


And when we see y'all on the court, everybody had a dream of being an NBA star. Oh. You know, and that's, that was our dream growing up. Because I grew up in Baltimore, Maryland. Right. And at the time, Baltimore had the highest cry rate in America. Mm. At that time. And I left home when I was 16 and got discovered on the playground the next day in North Carolina that where my high school career started. Right. And a guy asked me, he said, Hey son, you live here. I'm like, I'm not sure yet. Right. Said Where you? He said, where you going when you go leave from here? I'm like, I'm not sure. And he looked at me, he said, come, go with me. I don't know why I followed. And he showed me his house, showed me a kitchen, showed me the bedroom. He said, you can have all this.


The only trade off is you have to play for my high school team. He was the high school coach At in in in North Carolina. In North Carolina. And I looked and I'm like, okay. And that's how, how my career started. We were 76 and one in three years in the state of North Carolina High School. Woo. Oh, We was how many championships? Back to back, back to back, back to back championships. See I don't, I don't, I don't know how they feel. I don't know how they feel. Champ. You know, in north, in North Carolina. That type of record was unheard. 'cause I came out the same time with James Worthy. We, we had so many, we had Mitchell Wiggins, we had a lot of lot, we had a lot of guys come outta North Carolina. Of course you had Mike Mike come outta North Carolina. Right. And you had Jimmy and Black. It was so many guys that played in basketball in the state of North Carolina.


Back in, especially in North Carolina. Dude, You know, wake Falls, my high school teammate went to Wake Forest. So we had a lot of guys, man. And so to have that type of wreck in high school, in that state Right. That's basketball mecca And praying for somebody to pull over to say, hey, for somebody to stop they car, get out and say, man, I want you to play for me. You got talent. 'cause my parents didn't even stop to even watch me. But You know, the funny thing is, his players was playing on the playground that day and I just went out and started Playing with them, You know, after I got off the bus and he walked up. Right. And, You know, and all was, the rest was history.


After that meeting. I'm tell you what, he might be the greatest coach that I ever had outside of Mike Ello that I've had in my career. He was, he refused to let us lose. I was just gonna say That. You know, so we had a different, we man, we, that team had a heart of a life. So Speak on like having like coaches, 'cause people don't understand roles are important. Let, let me explain something about coaching coaches are put there to help you develop, Teach you how to play the game. And You know, sometimes coaches use the best players as an example to push all the other players.


Correct. Both, all the coaches I ever had always jumped on me harder than anybody else because they, first of all, they know I could take it. Two is that if they could say stuff like that to me and get on my case and sometimes even belittle you, sometimes nobody else can say anything. Mm. And so, and that's the way all the coaches taught, taught and developed me. And that's how I learned how to play the game from a fundamental standpoint. Right. From a toughness standpoint. Right. One thing I hate when guys, when You know, if a coach get on you too hard Right. You shut down, you clam gotta Build Aggression. I mean this is what we signed up for. Right. You know, so it, it's, it's a lot come with being the king when you are the leader team.


Now you gotta speak on that. Now Speak on that. Because you gotta be able to take the heroics as well as you are the target, the criticism. You Are the target. Yeah. And You know what, that's what I love. Right? That's what any great player would tell you from Michael to magic to Bird. And I played against him. These guys was monsters. The Pressure builds you. Oh. And they, the pressure makes us who we are. Right. And the only way you can measure your greatness is you gotta play against the greatest. And I'm glad you said that because I feel like it ain't no pressure in today's basketball if you look at it because og listen man, when y'all was playing from the eighties and the nineties, even the early two thousands, you still seen it like it's, they called fouls.


It's like the game has gotten soft. Well, You know, you could get away with a lot more. I mean the, And they shooting from, from the full court. The, the fouls are, You know, it is what it is. Right. But this is the thing if, if big guys, right? If you stay on the perimeter, I'm gonna use a guy like Miles Turner. If you stayed on that perimeter as a big guy like he does and, and a lot of the big guys and if you miss four or five of those threes, you coming out, you Coming Out, you coming out again. You know, even as small forward. Right. If I wasn't making those shots, coach said, Hey, step in, get to the free throw line, get to the post.


Right. Take somebody off the dribble. And so we was able to mix up our offense. Right. You know, 'cause when you see highlights, I, me, what do you see? Right? Slam dunks, slam dunk, slam dunks. Well it's very difficult to get over 26,000 points on dunks. I was a creative score. Everything you see Talk your talk now, You know, I mean 'cause You know the midrange game post game, getting to the free throw line, jump shot. I, I had all that. Yeah. Back then. So it's like a lot of times people think that this is a new invention. Right. It's not. It's been there. We took a lot more hyper percentage shots. It's just a fact. 'cause I hear a lot of times people say well the mid-range shot is obsolete.


It's just a dumb comment because it's the most hyper percentage shot outside of facts hip or a dunk. Now facts, if you are great shooters like Curry and a lot of these guys and Luke and all these guys, you great shooters like them, them guys can make those shots. Right. But you got a lot of guys taking that shot that shouldn't be taking that. You could Develop a good mid-range Shot. Yeah. You know, you dangerous Kaw Leonard. Right. Even, You know, you even Steph, you look at Durant Durn, right, right. He rarely ever takes a three. What About Luca? I like Luca and Luca, all them guys who can score Right. All shoot mid range shots. What what a all Hurt. Well again, guys like that kind of, You know, revolutionize the, the the mid range shot.


Right. Because You know, it went away for a long time. Everybody Trying to shoot Threes. Yeah. And then it came back. But them guys really showed the analytical guys that y'all are dead wrong. Right. Because this mid range shot, I can still get 30 right Now. I mean I've had games where I had 52, 54 and had one three. And people say, oh, it's possible it's impossible for you to get 57 points and three quarters. You didn't shoot threes. I Think you I got hit buckets on them all Day. What that says though is I shot a lot of free throws. Right. That's where my, that's where my threes came and ones. And so my whole objective was to get to the line, get to the line, get the rest, and, and you have to attack people.


And that's what we did. So, so looking at these matchups, because Michael stopped a lot of greats, great teams that could have possibly been champions. If you looking at the matchups right now, like what was your toughest matchup? Oh man. I mean, You know, Chicago was always tough, right? Chicago was always tough. New York, Philadelphia, You know, Indiana had Milwaukee. I mean Philadelphia, they had a super team back then talk your talk. So everybody was tough. But You know, I never feared anybody I ever played against there.


One guy made me nervous. Who outta New York. His name was Bernard King. Wow. And if you don't know who He is, you gotta look up Bernard King. What happened Now what Happened? Because he's getting 40 and nothing you can do about it. Nothing. I mean I couldn't sleep the night before I played against this Guy and he getting 40 hours top. Yeah. And I say, I said Look, I know he going to get 40 so You know what? I'm gonna get 40. We just call it wash. Ain't We just gonna call it easy? Yeah. Because everybody got that, that Michael Jordan effect. Like they skittle Michael. Well Mic Michael and I are the only two folds in the NBA history that average over 30 against each other for a whole career. Every time y'all played each other. Oh. And I didn't think about it. Somebody brought it to my attention and I look back on those games, I'm like, whoa, he had 47.


I might have 42, I might have 45, he might have 40, he had 61 and I had, You know, 47 and all those games was like that. Right man. 'cause he brought out the best of me and I know I brought out the best in him. You know, we loved competing against one another. And that's one of the things, It ain't no competing no more. I had to guard Larry Bird, I had to guard Dr. JI had to guard worthy English, Danley Aguire every night. We didn't, we couldn't duck each other because I was not gonna go over there and play the Power Forward position. They had a license to kick your butt out, not dealing with them guys. So at six, eight and a half, You know, I'm going against some guys who was 6 11, 6 10 small forwards.


But that's, that's the way it was. We didn't think twice about it. We like, hey Now they picking, they nitpicking. Yeah. I'm like, Hey man, I'm, I'm like I'm shot. I'm like bring it on. You know? Yeah. You know, because You know, most of the time that I played against Boston, You know, Kevin Mcha is seven foot was guarding me. You had to go out there and bus. It Didn't matter. It didn't matter, You know the size. Right. We never, because this is the thing, You know, most great scorers will tell you and You know, bird and Jordan, the prime example of this example, we never worried about the guy who was guarding us. We worry about the guy who was double teaming because we knew we could beat this guy.


But if they bring huddle on, only guy, I'm worried. And see, people ask me sometimes, You know, how do you beat a double team? Okay. You go before it gets to you. Right. You know it's coming. Right. But if you can get by this guy first is double team 'cause it's too late. Right. And it now somebody open. Yeah. And that's how I used to get a lot of my points because I knew the double team come now if the double team comes quick, You know, you give the ball up. So, because you always gonna come back. So Nowadays you don't really too much see a double. It's just a lot of the elements of the game is just changed. You don't really see a double team. You don't, The double team, the double teams is like, you play an area. Right. So if he comes to the area, you got help. It was a lot of one-on-one defense back then.


And of course you needed help with certain guys. 'cause certain guys were monsters. They just monster. And because like I said, my first eight games, I felt like I played against eight Hall of Famers as a rook. And I finally had to get over it. 'cause I thought I knew I had to play against these gods. Right. But I'm gonna let 'em know I'm a God too. And that was my mentality. 'cause you had to have that mentality. Them guys you're going to, when you the Dr. J's and choirs and Worthy and all them. Because Worthy and I, we all came out in 79 outta high school. We, we actually, our high school senior class across the nation got voted as the greatest senior class ever. Tokyo talk because of the, the level of professional athletes that they created. Yeah.


We had a lot of guys in that class to go to pros And, and and, and to speak of that class, like the, the the, the aggression and knowing like the highlight factor was real back then. So even knowing that, You know, nowadays it's like the highlight countdown. It's cool. You done saw it before, but it was like you, it was demanded. Like you had to go out there and make the highlight. Like speaking of your Iconic dunks, what, what's a Iconic dunk that you remember and remember who you did it on? Man, It was a lot of 'em man. I think one of the ones that, and it's been a lot, well I think the one that they show a lot of is the one against Bob Lanier in Milwaukee where the clock was running down and I'm on the post, they throw it to me, I go to the middle, they cut me off.


I went back baseline and I jumped. And Bob Lanier, who was six 11 covered the rim. I think he crossed his arms when he covered the rim. And I turned in air. He was coming down and I was still going up. Still going up. And I dunked it on him right before the buzzer. And that was one of the, my favorite dunks. 'cause most of my dunks in traffic, that was my favorite. You know, the, the dunks had against Boston where a shot and it hit the rim and I caught it over like three or four guys. I mean, those type of plays kind of changes the momentum Yeah. In the game. So I mean, I mean a lot of my favorite dunks, believe it or not, was in high school.


In high school. I was looking in the rim in high school. I was, I was really not even The one where you, you gliding all across the court. Oh, in high school, man, You know, our point guard was a wonderful point guard and it was every game on the jump ball. We was trying to get a AlleyOOP every game. If he, every time if, if we got the tip, we had a design where we run wide and he'd just throw up the either corner of the backboard and we would go get it. I Is there a moment in your career that you wish you could've done differently? No, I, You know, only thing that I regret that I didn't do is bring a championship here in in Atlanta.


I think that's the only, I think that's the only thing I regret. But as far as if I would do anything differently, no, because what I did and the way I did it, it helped build character. Yes. Did personality respect. And so, You know, winning a ring, a lot of times people don't understand it ain't always about winning the ring. Mm. It's about competing to the highest level caution. Because I look at this, my ring was giving me the ability to play something that I love. That's my ring. And so, You know, there's only one team that wins every year. A lot of great players has never felt that. You know? So, You know, that's, that's the nature of the beast. That's, that's the way it is.


But would I change anything? No. Maybe one thing, the money they make now, but You know, It's different. It's different. Yeah. They 2 56, they a good nine piece of beef straight. Yeah. I changed that 2 56. Oh man, I can't even fathom that. You know, it's crazy. That's Crazy. Now me and you enter the same part of the building of the arena, You know, and, and you got a statue, you gotta, you got something that's out there. That's, that's very, You know what I'm saying, inspiring to the city, like you said, like even though we ain't got no ring, it is, it's you, the energy, the compassion, the aggression that the fight that you wanted to go out there and represent us.


We feel that. And we we're thankful for that. You should. That is our ring. It's the love that you showed our city. That's our ring. Do you ever go into the front to even see the statue and just take it all in? Lemme tell you a funny story. First of all, let me just say this. What he captured in that statue is everything about who I am. And so when I saw it for the first time and I, I I was blown away. I was so emotional I couldn't even shed a tear. That's how I was. I was that choked up about it because it's not just about basketball. When you receive something, it's what you've done in that city. How you connected with people, relationships or everything. So, You know, when it went up, I remember a couple times I went down, I drove by there.


So one day I stopped by there, I put a lawn chair out there, I had a beer and I looked up as a big fella, we come a Long way, we come a long way, You know? And that, that really felt good man. Because it, it was a moment in my life that I never dreamed of. You know? And even to this day, man, it's still surreal. So, You know, I was talking to Steve Koonin, our, our GM and I, I'm sorry, our president, CEOI said, I rolled by the statue. I thought, Dan, it looks a little ashy there. Did you? And y'all got Y'all. It was lotion on that Day. Y'all got put some lotion on that. It's still LeBron statue now.


Hey listen, I Went back a couple weeks later. It was shining. Shining. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Shining it. It was just, it is just fun, You know, for people to see me go down and interact. 'cause sometimes I'll walk by there and I see people stop by and they'll look at me and it like, is that you? I said, yeah, most people think it is. Yeah. And I look, Yeah, yeah, it looked like me. But that it's just, it's just a pleasure to see people admire it, You know? Nah man, it's just, it's just amazing man, just to see you, You know what I'm saying? Just get to smell your flowers while you still here because like you say, it's, it's not about the ring, it's about the Love. You know how many times I say that, You know, I said don't wait till someone's gone right before you give 'em their roses, give them their flowers while they're here and appreciate what they've done.


You know, I remember when I first came in the league and I said to Dr. J, the first time I played, I said, You know, I grew up emulating everything you ever done. I just wanted to be that next, next doctor and I just wanted to let You know how much you meant to my life and directly you really helped me elevate my game to a different level. And he said to me, he said, I know they calling you the next doctor, but it's only one Dominique with one Dr. J. But today you can start learning. And I remember he had a great game against me and I wasn't upset. Right. I said, that's the doctor. That's my idol. That's the doctor. You know. But once I got over that, You know, it was nothing but com competing With us. When, when, when did you realize I am Dominique Wilkin?


When did you realize like, You know what? I have to start making my own mark in the game because I'm here now. I knew before I came in the league, to be honest with you, because before I came to the NBAI used to work out, a lot of people didn't know this 'cause you couldn't do it at the time. But I did it right. I worked out with Pete Marick and Maurice Lucas. So I got one of the most skilled guys in history who was for his time. And Pete Ma and I got the toughest guy and, and one of the toughest guys that would play the game. And Maurice Lucas, the enforcer. So I came to the NBA, I mean, and I wasn't Randy, I'm ready to go. Right? But the thing about coming to the NBA in those days is a, is a top three picks in the draft.


You still gotta pay your dues. Yes you Do. Yes you Do. So, You know, I could have averaged 20, 25 plus my first year, but the old heads, as y'all say, still busting. And, and You know, I had, I had Dan Brownfield, Eddie Johnson, the tree violence young fellow, just play the game. Don't try to do too much. Ain't no time yet. But once I got their blessing, because that very next year, I remember Dan Brownfield said, now it's time for you to be the captain. You earned it. So you had to earn their respect. You know, they didn't, they didn't hand you the keys that early. That right. That right. Okay. So, so speaking of of of of of being in the game, like, was there any time where you, you got knowledge from a individual that you was inspired by?


You know, especially like once you come in and you actually meet somebody that you've seen on tv Yeah. Because, You know, Dr. J that was just, that was authentic. That just so happened to be there. Yeah. But just somebody like you were truly like, I wanna meet this guy. Well, he was the one, he was the one the guys I really learned from when I first came, it was Dr. J, it was Maurice Lucas Magic. I started playing summer ball with them before I came. And they made George Iceman, gervin them, the guys, Moses Malone, them, the guys that I learned a lot from dogs when I came guys, these, these was, these was not just superstars, these was legendary guys. Right. Still playing the game. And so I learned a lot from them and I said, I want to be as good or better than those guys.


And I think the Only way you, again, the only way you do that, you gotta play against the greatest. If you want to be the greatest. And, and, and it's crazy that you said that you played against the greatest, but not only did you play against the greatest, your, your career is longevity. And you, you can attest to this in the NBA nine years is, that's cool. That's good. That's, that's, that's all right. You play long enough when you gonna stab this make you some money. Once you getting a double digits 10 to better 12, 13, 14. Like you good, good. Like they trying to get every little juice about You. Yeah. You know, I could have played two or three more years if I wanted to. I could have got to 19, 20 years. Right. But at that time it was, it was changing.


It was about really kind of nurturing the young guys. Yeah. Be the v You know, investing that. 'cause I remember Chuck Daley said to me when I was in Orlando at the end of my career, and I had, I was starting averaging like 19, 20 points and like eight, nine rebound. But I, but I was only playing like 18 minutes a night That's steel over. And I remember he came to me, he said, we gonna start man haring. 'cause we need more scoring. Right. And I said, Chuck, let me say this to you. You don't have to blow smoke out. I said, don't insult my intelligence. Right, Right, right. I was Leading the league in points per minute. Right. I said, if you wanna start the young guys, hey, I'm got no problem with that.


I understand change. Things are changing that. Cool. But don't, don't, don't come at me with that. Come on. Really? It's, it's going 20 points in 20 minutes. Yeah. You gonna score every minute. Yeah. Like, guys, this is, this is what I've done. Right. You know, so if, if it's about development, I'm, I'm cool with that, but let me know upfront this is what it is. Right. It's about the Business too. Yeah. Instead of, You know, insulting your intelligence, You know, Come about me. Correct. Yeah. So I, I saw the change and I said, You know what, maybe I'm gonna retire and go into the front office. And that's what I did. Say No more. Now you, you, you been in the game for, for quite some time. Like what is the most Craziest fan interaction that you had?


Because today's fans ain't fan. Wait. No, no. Them Back in the day was fans. You, hey listen, they had a guy in Detroit called Leona Barber. I can't even tell you the stuff he said right to some of the stuff he said to us behind the bench. And he sat right behind our bench. There had two big bodyguards sitting there. And some of the stuff he said, you can't say on air. It, it's not, it's not clean enough for television. But See, it was bad. People don't know that. Like fans back then was trash talkers. They didn't get thrown out because it wasn't for us, it was entertainment. You know, we didn't, we didn't get upset, get fans thrown out. We just didn't do it. Not unless a fan came by the stands and did something these Right. But talking. Right. Hey, all they did to motivate us, right.


Because it's supposed to make you bring the dog out. You, And because that shows you your toughness too. Kinda like, shut Him up. Why I'm gonna get that fan thrown out. He obviously is a fan of mine because he's, he Came to see me play. Yeah. He, he's talking crazy and because this is what motivates him. But You know, it's something that same fan, Leona Barber after the game would ask me for my shoes All the time. So it was never personal. That was, he was supporting his team, You know, so it was a lot of fans around the league like that. And I mean, we loved it. We embraced it. Who Was the Best trash talker as a player? Oh man. A lot of 'em. My brother was one of them. And Gerald, and I remember he told me, he said, big bro, you ain't scoring no more tonight.


I said, little bro, I got 40. I don't wanna score no more. I'm done. As matter of fact, coach take me out. I don't even wanna play no more. When you asked to be taken out 'cause you too good versus you answer to coach, why you taking me out? The reason I said that, 'cause he was talking trash, but it was a lot Chuck person, Indiana Pace was, oh my God. It was almost like we fought every game. We had a fist fight or Shelby made something Every game. Every Game. Yeah. And then you got Larry Bird. Larry Bird. If you wasn't ready, he took your heart. Ooh. You know, Larry was great. It was a lot, it was quite a few guys that talked like that. But Larry and Chuck was some of the best. Larry was number one because everything he said, he did it.


He backed It up. He backed it up. He, he, That's a bad one. He backed up. He's a bad. And that's why, again, I don't, I hate when people ask, I had a guy ask me, did I think I could score 15 points a game in today's game, could you? I said, is that a trick question? I said, which quarter? Hmm? I'm like, are you serious? Right. And I said, I I, I average 30 in the hand check era. Right. I said, what you think I'd do if you can't touch me? I'm like, come on man. Really can't touch me. But we all like physical contact facts man. I wanted to bump and grind down around the basket. 'cause the thing about when you can feel a guy, You know how to play him.


I already know how you play. I already Know how you can play because if I can feel you, I got you. I already know how You play. If I can. 'cause if I can make you commit one way, I'm going opposite. And people say, well what do you mean by that? I said, A lot of times when you guys catch the ball, the first thing you do is dribble. Well, what you do when you can feel a guy you commit one way or the other. If you feel a move to your right, You know, you drop and go left. And those are all the things we learned in high school, college to prepare us for the pros. So all that stuff see up and under drop step, You know, power. We, we learned that at very early age. The thing is, is how can you put pressure consistently on the team? Right. If you don't attack Right.


You have to attack. See, my whole thing was this is my strategy. If I, if I'm playing against another great player on the other side of the ball, right. If I can get two fouls on him early, now I create an advantage for myself because now he's not gonna play me as hard because he's gonna back Up. He's gonna Back up. He's not trying to get that third foul. Right. And so you create that advantage early. Now you get going, now the ball is going in the basket. You know, your level of confidence is elevated and You know, you trying to get that third foul on before you get to halftime. I, I feel like we getting our coaching on and since we, in our coaching and this is Hawks and friends, what you think them hawks gotta do by me? Well First of all, we gotta stay healthy, man.


I mean yeah. Injury. We have been hit with that injury bug and You know, we got guys out right now, but You know, I gotta give it to these guys. Man, they still fighting. Right. We gotta fight. They Still fighting, they playing hard. Got to fight, You know, and each night it's a different guy to step up, You know? Right. Last, last game was Trey hitting the big shot need That big Fourth quarter? Yes sir. That he had. But You know, you look at re the, he played well that night night. You, Dyson Daniels played well. And that's what you gotta have when you are decimated, You know, with injuries. You gotta do it collectively. It's hard to do it with one guy. Yes sir. Yeah. And that's crazy. 'cause as a collective, as the city, we all wanna say thank you again for bringing that energy and that love.


And that's why you got a statue. Ain't nobody got no statue. You know what, there's only one jersey I felt good in throughout my career. And I'm not just saying this, it's a Hawk jersey. When I was with Boston and La Clippers and saying I didn't feel right. I didn't look right in those jersey. He Ain't look right in the colors, man. Yeah, but only this red and yellow matter man. That's right. That's right. Mark paid he year in the head. Og. It's an honor man. Don't let this be your last. Oh no, we can do it anytime man. It Aint your crib. Yeah, They got a Picasso. You got a pool, ain't got a, ain't got a gazebo. Don't nobody be over here because go for Him.


You're Right, you're right. Yeah. That tiny house one, I want to get away from my grandkids. I go over there, he Got a tiny house to get away from his house. He got a house to get away from his original house. He tired of that house. Hey man, it's a, it's a blessing and an honor man. And You know, like you said, we just want to continue to give you your flowers while you here. And we appreciate you and we're thankful for everything that you've done for the city. Thanks man. And we're glad that you came and did it for our city. That's why I wore this jersey. Let You know, man, it still hit. That's crazy that you could do something so long ago and it's still, You know What's funny, I'm 33. You know you can get my jersey. I, I can't, I can't get it. Why? They said they had to order it, which is a good problem. Yeah. I about to say baby, you created it.


No, but no, they then the hawks will always make sure that I have Georgie for the families and grandkids and I have two great grandkids. I'm a great uncle. Alright man, you too young for a great uncle. That what you say? My mama had me when she was 45. My daddy was 61 og. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Makes sense. My dad had graduated high school before. You Show you. Right. That Show you Right. Hey, OG Atlanta, man, You know what's up man. Hey man, it's a great episode on Hawks and Friends. Get it. Yeah. This is my, this is my area. You Gotta have a pad. No, You know, Only time I really come in the house, I'm gonna eat right or go to sleep.


Right. These two rooms. This The getaway man. This is, this is my, this is my hum door right here. That's Why I can't wait when my house is done so I can get my head. See? So I see I got my pads down on here. You know why these are here right? Uhuh? Because when you smoke here, you can't burn my chest Fat. Oh, okay. Okay. This is, this Is, I need some of these then this is The cover of my chair. I thought, I thought it was just like, You know how folk keep the plastic on they furniture? Well it's something like that. Okay. It's Something, You know, folk booty stink. Right. It's a booty rub. Hey look, I don't wanna buy, You know, burning holes in my chair, but You know, both of these areas, like, it's like my You drink cigar bar you Drink. Yeah. You know, I got a little stuff.


See this one? This one Like more family oriented when even when the family wanna get out. But this one I had my bid to meet. Yeah. Yeah. This, You know, I have a lot of meetings out here. Yeah. You know, we do a lot podcasts from time to time. I had, but I wanted just to look more like a log cabin. Yeah. Ain't nothing wrong With that. And then, You know, I have my own, my own. That's your own Goc. I got my own bourbon. Your own Bourbon. I'm gonna give you a bottle. Yeah, gimme A bar. Oh, whi Too. That one yours. Walking around The with what we doing, you about the floors. I built the floor myself. I did the floor myself And you. So you telling me you got down here and you, and you pulled It, screw, leveled it sand Until you realized needed somebody professional to finish it.


No, no, I finished it for real. No, I did this whole floor. I did this, I did this back splash here. That whole wall there, that fire. And only thing I had, because we had shingles at the top, Got got get rid of shing. So I had somebody could do the roof, but the floor stuff I did. Oh yeah, that's, then I came in and put heating in the air and then I put, You know, cigar. So you do, you do. So you, you be reconstruct the houses too. I ain't gonna sell all that, but I mean anybody, they can do a flow. You that's, that's the start or something. You need a flow before you get a building. No, I, I I'm really handy. Yeah. So I like that. See, I'm country by myself. I Built a lot. Even the little boards on my tiny house. I I built those, I put those boards on.


Well, that's All right. Duck. And actually we took my old fence down, but my uncle and I built The fence. Y'all built the fence too. Yeah. You, you dug it up. Oh yeah. Stuck. The stuck the wood down. Yeah. You know, I got my nail gun and my whole, the whole thing, You know, that's engineering. That's engineering. Right. That's engineering. See, people don't know that that's engineer. I've always been a handyman. I come from a family that the men in the family Right. Always work. You got to and work inside and out. Right. So Yeah. Gotta get dirty. Yeah. Yeah. Only thing gonna, like when my kids, they come here, they take basketball and they throw 'em all over the yard and I gotta come pick it Up. I'm about to say, I thought that was a boat. I gonna say you don't do no fish. Oh no, no, no. You don't fish. Oh, well, yeah, yeah, yeah. I do. Okay. I bass fish.


Okay. You know, been bass fish. My, my, my dad father's from North Carolina. That's all they did. Right. Fish and hunt. I used to hunt too. I used to steal my grandfather. He had a gun to shoot 16 times. It was silent. And I used to go and shoot at the barn. Boy. See, I thought I was good. I ain't good. I'm gonna keep this bourbon right here and this, this my championship trophy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what, Hey, that is excellent bourbon. And You know, I don't drink, but I'm gonna drink that. You know, I'm not much of a drinker. Usually it's for other people. Right. I, i I kinda experiment a little bit, but not, I'm not a big time. Well, You know, I'm getting ready to replace this whole floor because I've had it here for a minute and it's starting to fade.


So CBA sports, which I'm partner with. This is what we do. We do outdoor courts. Right. We do indoor courts and Yeah, you got the, you got the, oh, it's, you got it down. Yeah. I'm trying, I'm trying to get it right. You Got the silhouette down. Ah, we ain't playing. What? Hey, wow. That the box fade I was talking about, man. Hey, That's funny. That's funny. That's so, yeah. So we, we, we have a court building company. Actually I have my own signature floor coming out. Right. You know how would they because I, I ire refer 'em to me. So, so I got you. This is what, if you want a court this call me and I'll make sure. Yeah. They get over and look at your profit.


What you Yeah. I need one. Matter of fact, matter of fact, I want this same silhouette. Matter of fact, I want this same court. You Know what, that's what I'm gonna do with the Hawks logo. I'm make sure, make sure he get my information and I'll send the guy to help because they'll come out, look at your property, same court, see where you want it. And I got ups now. And see this is also a tennis court too, right? 'cause you, because you have, you have, you have, I have rebounders here. These are rebounders. Right. And then you have the hookups. These right here. Rebounders. Yeah. This the rebounders. For for not oh, for the tennis. Let me actually, like, if you want here shooting by yourself, right. You can, this, You know, this is, this is, this is your Rebound.


So what's what's your, what's, what's your technique of a perfect jump shot? Well, I don't know what it is now, but back then it's just keep it, it is going straight up and down, give balance. You know what I mean? Right. I'm pigeon toed, so You know what, I'm like this go straight up and down. It go crazy. Lemme See. Yeah. You gotta have phone baby. You gotta have phone. I'm old man. Now I can't shoot it like I used to. Don't worry about it. That's a good looking shot. That that's a good looking shot. Looking shot. Nah, coach to told me that I wasn't gonna be there. But, But I'm gonna tell you though, I'm gonna tell you though, the first thing I would tell you though. Right. Start right here. See, most kids you just said what The first shot they take the Three A three, You two.


You know what, see the ball. Go down, take a easy shot. See what I mean? Take like two of them and then you step out. Right. Knock down like two of those. There you go. Now you can step out or go to the corner with whatever you comfortable with. Now you done seen that ball go down. Right. You know, I've coached both of my sons. Both of 'em. See, but Look, and my daughter Isn't it, isn't that like a blessing for you to give off some game to your loved one especially that You know that they can use? Yeah. I, I I think we have a social responsibility to give back what we've learned. Right. And when I hear people say, oh, well I'm not a role model, I don't like being a role, but you are, when you put in that position Right.


You have an obligation Right. To give it back. Right. You know, that's why, have you ever seen me with bodyguards, all that stuff. Uhuh, How can you connect to people if people can't, Can't even touch you, Interact with you, touch you. I mean, so that's why I get respect from places I go. Especially in the city of Atlanta because I'm one of you guys. That's How I like when I'm moving in the city. Like I understand when I'm out. That's cool. Wait, So there's certain times you may need That. But when I'm in the city, yeah man, I don't need no security. I know how to move around. He need nigga woods. I go to the grocery store, I'm outside. Yeah. I I'm telling you, I go to grocery, all that stuff and people like, Hey Nick, how you doing? Because they see me so much. How you doing?


So, You know, I don't have to have all that around. Right. So. Right. And that's how you stay connected with the earth, with with, with life. Yeah. You already know what's going on because I'm a, I'm a p just because I do this, I'm still a human being. Yeah. You know what I'm Saying? And that's why people, that's why people love you because when you do that, man, you got some, oh, you got a little jump shot there, man. I tried to do a little something, something once he, once he told me I wasn't gonna be nothing. I, I put the jump, I put it down, I put everything down. And so my, my, my son is, my youngest son is six 11. Right, right. He used to come out here, him and his friends all the time. And they kept the goal. All they wanted to do is dunk. I said, man, put the goal up. What are you doing? Right. Right. I said, if you want to learn how to play the game, put it up 10 feet.


Right. Well daddy, just me and the fellas, I like put the goal up. I mean I, I'm screaming at him all the time right now. He finally realized why? Because He done, he done try on this, he Learn anything with The goal sound footer, you ain't did nothing. And I see him and actually it was a little bit lower than this. I'm like, come on son. You know, so the the funniest thing, so as he got taller, You know, I, I think he was six eight at the time. He had a couple of his friends come over and he asked me to come out and play with him. I said, I don't know, I'll be out there in a minute, son. Right. So I saw him on the court from the window and he kept looking back and see if I was something, see If you Were coming. I said, You know what, I Gotta call, I Gotta go.


He, I got a call. So it was me and him against two of his guys. And these kids were like six, eight, both of 'em. Six, eight and You know, and one of the guys said Don't worry about his pops, this guy Jacob. I was like, what, What you tried me? Oh man, I started, I I started wearing this little kid out. Right. And so he tried to go by me, he hit me in the chest. My son said, oh, he hit a brick wall. You gonna learn today son. Hey I heard for two weeks. That was the last time. Yeah. That was it. No, that, that wasn't in my, that wasn't in my forte. Right. As Playing with these as OG kids every day.


Yeah. And it wasn't in my wheelhouse. So I'm just gonna be some game. It was fun while it lasted because I knew he wanted, he wanted me. He Just wanted that experience. He wanted me to come out. He wanted, he wanted that experience. Tell his, You know, say this friend, his dad out there playing. I remember me and dad bus y'all. Yeah. Yeah. You gotta pull that goal up. But You know, first of all it's a god given talent a gift of being able to elevate. You know, but somebody dunk for the first time. Make sure the, the goal is at a height that you can reach it. I'm pissed. You know, You know Me, You know believe my first dunk was 13 years old. I had to dunk 10 footer before.


I don't think I can do it again. I mean, I, I don't, I don't say can to my vocabulary. I can see practice makes perfect. You know, it just, I don't practice the dunk. You know. I just noticed that shirt man. Yeah, we don Play. I that. That's a nice shirt. We don't play man. You represent right here in Atlanta. Man. We get in blood and we Represent. Alright. They want see, see what you got. See what you got. It's all about which, which donkey want me to do? What? Walter backboard. I'm Finn to go crazy. I'm Finn to go crazy. Okay. They want off the back boy. Off the back boy. Off the back boy. I thought too half for myself.


You know. Definitely. That was one of my slam dunk contest. Winning dunk there. See But this now, now I gotta perfect. It's all time baby. It's All about time. It's all about time. It's, it's about how you bounce too. I ain't know that back boy was not too hard. I ain't know that back boy had a little cement on. Oh yeah that's it. There you go. There you go. Dunk contest now. Done got soft. Hey. Oh man, They doing, they be doing stuff looking at, I be like ah, you ain't do nothing. And You know what, If they now McClean is doing it again this year. Right. For a threepeat. Right. It's amazing because you got a guy coming outta G league talking The, the, the little short one. Yeah, he, yeah he been doing the, if I'm an NBA player, man I'm embarrassed.


Embarrassed G lee got beaten. Me Embarrassed. No. No sir. Okay. Uhuh. So think about it like this. Right. How you, how you looking at it? How do you see that right now? You don't have to make it to the NBA. They got so many. That's What it's saying. They got so many avenue. You right coach. I probably won the NBA player but I'm an NIL Europe league player. Yeah. You never taught me that. Me that. I only thought NBA was the only way. You know what, if you're an NBA player, you work all your life to get to this level. Right.


And ain't nobody at this level. Right. And this that's, I pay you. I'm sure Michael Jordan mad all Texas. Right. Ain't coming beating me. Right. No, not happening because it's pride. Right. You know Pride, it's all about pride man. You know, hell we were going at the toughest guy Right. To do the contest. Right. You know, and you had to bring it, You know my first dunk contest was Dr. J Larry Nance. Darryl Griffith, I mean these are legendary dunkers. They was in this dunk contest. Right. And again, I didn't do very well in that dunk contest 'cause I'm star gazing 'cause of Dr. J. That was my guy, You know.


And so once I got over that, that next year, I said I'm not the one just being a gun dunk contest. I gotta Imp I gotta, I gotta show myself. I say I'm gonna win it. Right. And I won it that next year. So, You know, that was my mentality again. Right. I, I played the game at once Beat that was all out. Right. That's the only way I knew how to play. Right. You know I was gonna come back here and I get out on the break. Ain't nobody beating me down forth. And you look at guys like myself, James Worthy Pippa, how fast we ran the lanes, I think suicides, all that came about. Ain't nobody suicide. No. We ran the fast break. We wasn't gonna stop at the three point line. We getting to that rack, especially early in the game.


I see. Okay. Because we get into the rack because Now you talking Easy too. Right. And you got a chance to get a handle. I see too many people right here. See when you want a fast break and there's nobody between you and the basket, especially early in the game now late in the game, the game close you need be of course. But early in the game, Rush it, punch it. You get that too easy too. Now you seeing the ball going the basket. But this what we see. You don't, You don't start Pressing, we seeing three, four people in the three point line. One person at the post and you like, and you got one person on the side. Like he waiting on him to come over here. Yeah. With the, and you like ain't no move, y'all ain't making no y'all ain't set up no plays. A classic way of running a fast break is when you get it, you get it to that point guard. Right. And you feel the lanes, you go wide and then you cut in.


So you got a choice either side. Now if they don't get it, you go through and you cross. Right now the big guy come down and you have a, what they call a secondary break so the ball never stops. So Check this out. Right. Just like he said, if you would've missed through four, five shots back then you getting out the game, oh I coach. They got s coming up the court with the ball. How, where we start doing that. But see the thing is the object of the game to get the ball up the floor as quickly as possible by any means necessary. So yeah, I brought the ball up the floor a lot, but I was pushing it right. But most time I wanted to be the one to finish the play and I started Right. So I get that ball to Doc River, spark Web and I just feel those lanes right.


Because I know it's coming to back to me But how, how you gonna get a rebound if your sin bringing The ball up? I got so many layups and dunks and one plays right at the rim because we was willing to run. We ran the baller before makes and misses So we'll never get secondary chances. Secondary chances. If our ceiling is bringing the ball up, who gonna make the, who gonna get the rebound, The guard? How when? The power, when he can't, he ain't taller than the power forward. Oh Yeah. But You know, again, it was just a different way of playing back then. We, I was trying to be very efficient. Right. And how you do that? Gotta attack, gotta Attack. See the ball going to bat, get to the free throw line.


And I like when you see the midrange. I was doing all that midrange stuff way back then. How you, how you feel about people doing this. 'cause I see this a lot. I see this a lot. Guard or or Power four, whichever one 'em beat, they man, you can tell that ain't in their contract to shoot too many shots, many shots. They got a free shot. I already know what you're saying. And here they go, You know what I'm gonna give to you. Hey God, where that gets on my nerves. It Drives me crazy with big guys to see 'em get right here. And they pass the Ball and they pass the ball. If you did that back on, the big guy would've passed that ball back out when you right here again, especially early in the game, right. You might not see a lot of playing time because you've giving up a easy, You giving up a easy For maybe For a, You know, he ain't going who, he ain't gonna make it Because this is a hyper percentage shot.


Right? But I see so many guys rims right there and he do this, throw it out. That's the, that's bizarre to me because even as a smaller guy, I'm not a center out small forward. Right? If I got the ball in here, it ain't coming out. I'm trying to get this guy in foul trouble and get it easy too. You know, the Think you don't see, I had a jump hook, right. You know, I get the ball here, right? For example, I get a step from Dribble using this, Using my boat to gimme, gimme room. I don't have, I don't have to throw it out, but just hold the guy at bay got a jump hook or if I get it right, right? And I, like I said, come here for a second, lemme show you something, right? And I go this way and you go with me. Right? Right.


Then go with me now. So if I'm gonna go with me, I'm this, You gone, you gone. Right? You're done, you're gone. You know? Or if you guard me, right, I take step up, right? I rip through right then I come through, right? Or I go the opposite way. You got options and then I go this way, right? Then I throw it off the glass and the end. Right. You know, that's, that's the things we were taught, You know,


The forties and Free Agents podcast with Daniel, Jeremiah and Greg Rosenthal has prepared you for the 2025 NFL draft. We've told you what last year's playoff teams need to return to the postseason And how teams with new coaches should approach the draft. So as draft season comes to a close, we've got you covered before your favorite team goes on the clock. We'll break it all down. Once all 257 picks have been made, Listen to the forties and Free Agents podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne de God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions. Mandy B and Wheezy. Okay, we got the r and B Money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the Woman Involved podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast and many more will be on that stage live. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the Food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival, proudly sponsored by Nissan.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Israel Gutierrez and I'm hosting a new podcast, dub Dynasty, the story of how the Golden State Warriors have dominated the NBA for over a decade. The Golden State Warriors, once again are NBA champions. Today. The Warriors Dynasty remains alive in large part because of a scrawny six foot two hooper who everyone seems to love for What Steph has done for the game. He's certainly on that Mount Rushmore, Come revisit this magical Warrior's ride. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.