
On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


The world is facing urgent, monumental issues And you may be considering a career where you can take your service to the next level and make a global impact in the heart of Washington dc. Gain world renowned expert knowledge and a global network as you pursue a master's degree and turn your passion into practice. Thousands of the world's leaders got their start at the George Washington Universities. Elliot School of International Affairs. Are you next? GW is a Proud Yellow Ribbon program participant.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley Season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I bet. Any, any like Nicknames. This is the Great Barrier Thief right here. Whatever that means. That's what yeah, they gimme me The Great Barrier Thief. This is the Big Kong right here, right? Yeah, The Big Kong. Wow. Big Kong. That's Crane Big Kong. He just lied on spot. I Told y'all would need some theme music. 'cause when I be doing these intros, we gotta have some theme music so the people can feel what they about to feel. They don't know what they about to get today. Today is it exclusive? And it's such a Listen, Atlanta, I don't wanna take up too much of their time because they actually got to go play.


They actually got to go represent a TL. Ladies and Gentlemen America, please make some noise for Dyson Daniels and my boy Big. Oh, Yes sir. It's good. DC I ain't wanna mess up your name. That's fair. I expect you The intro was too big. I ain't want to be in here on Ko on con woo. Did I say it right? On Yuka O Con Woo. Oh con woo. There we go. Yeah, You know what, when you shoot a three, we need to say woo. You see how much, you see how much I'm putting for, for the you? You know what I'm giving, I'm giving the hawks too much, too much time, man.


First of all, welcome brothers. Appreciate it. Thank you. Welcome. We appreciate all y'all contributions to a TL man and to the hawks, especially to the franchise and, and Dice. I I I wanna give you a personal apology Before Because I didn't know when we made the trades, man. I ain't know man. I, You know, I don't be paying attention to Australia. Y don't know what's going on down there. Yeah, yeah. It's so much stuff going on in us. I don't know. Hey man, I didn't show, I didn't show, but When you came And you not only, bro, you get better every game And you show us why you deserve to be here, brother.


And I just want to tell you that like, bro, I apologize. I appreciate that brother. I, I ain't, I ain't gonna be one no more, but I apologize. I ain't gonna lie. I didn't show what I could do in New Orleans and You know, right now I'm just getting an opportunity playing free. So enjoying my time here in Atlanta for sure. Embracing it And, and, and I'm gonna tell you, we got, we got both of y'all back and, and, and Oh man, your journey. Your journey man. How, how does it feel, man, for both of y'all to be playing down here in Atlanta? Man, I love it. You know, a T L's been my second home, You know, I love the organization. People I've met here, the food out here, the fans lit. There's good, good vibes around here. Yeah. I mean, I, with it like you, y'all be turning up, You know, wins, losses, You know, whatever, You know, y'all be coming out the city's great, You know, it's got everything to do here.


So yeah, I really enjoy being, being in the city around these people and yeah, like I said, fans are great. We appreciate them coming and turning up and yeah, we en enjoying it this season for sure. Speaking of turn up, I know you guys have been here for, for some time now. Like what are your, what are your things that you're doing on the off season or what are you doing when you're not playing basketball? What are your favorite thing to do in a TL? For me, honestly, I like to go out to eat. I got a few salad restaurants I go out to whenever my homeboys are out here. Right. My family. Right. I do that. You Don't take 'em to 1201 restaurant Uhuh. Yeah, that, that, that, yeah. Yeah. Take 'em to 1201 restaurant.


1201 co Road called 1201 restaurant. Where's that at? 1201 Call Road. That near Buckhead. That's Right there. Yeah. I ain't gonna take you to the Hood gang. Any place I'm referring to you, you safe. Tell 'em I sit you, it's right down. Okay. Okay. But yeah, I eat, go to Piedmont Park sometimes. Right. Take me a little walk. But You know, shit, we play every, every other day. Can't do too much. Right, Right, right, Right. He said off season. Oh, he's off season. Yeah. See what I'm saying? Look at little brother. He like, he said, off season, Man, I travel a lot. Not really here a lot in off season. For real, for real. What's your Favorite place you travel? I'm from LA from the west coast. So you, from la Yeah.


So you go back home. That ain't considered traveling bro. They going home. That's fair. But I know this summer though, I'm gonna take some trips, trips somewhere, figure it out, You know, travel the world, go go To Ghana. Ghana, yeah. Nah, I'll probably go to Nigeria before I go to Ghana. Go to Ghana. Before you go to Nigeria, why, What's so good about Ghana though? First of all, the crime rate is super low. Fair, no crime for real. Not saying there's no crime in Nigeria, but Ghana is just a place where you'll understand And you, it's, it's an experience where when the next time I see you, you gonna be like, I went to Ghana. And I'll be like, aha. You like aha. I'm telling you that. It's, it's a, it's a great experience.


Okay. It's a great experience. What about you? I mean, off season I go home back to Australia. I enjoy a good beer back home, You know, watching footy, You know, meat pies, You know, just get back into the culture, what I grew up doing and yeah, I usually go back for about a month, come back out here, You know, hang around whether it be Atlanta, You know, LA like kind of my home away from home as well. I got my agent, my trainer and stuff out there. But yeah, I like, I enjoy golfing, I go golfing a lot, but otherwise, yeah, off seasons, get some sun, You know, get a tan. What? Staying out The way that they say I look a little too, a little too on the white side of the lakin. So we Gotta get outside a little bit. Gotta Get outside a little bit, You know.


I enjoy, I went to Europe last year, that was fun. So really, I just make my plans, You know, hopefully y'all, hopefully our season ain't end ending too soon. We, we going in the playoffs, so come on Now. Talk that talk. Yeah. But when, when it's done, then I, then I'll make my plans from there. So. So you guys have been on this basketball journey for quite some time. Like when did you guys realize like, alright, basketball is my dream? Like when did you first pick up a basketball? Probably since I was young, like six, seven years old. And I knew I was really nice right. I just had all natural instincts and when I was in high school, I just knew I was one of the ones And I knew that the NBA was a realistic goal for me. Right. You was one of them ones Chino Hills. Chino Hills finest baby.


Yeah, I mean, I enjoyed playing basketball from such a young age. I really started taking it serious when I was probably 12, 13 years old. It's kind of when I started to grow, develop, You know, kind of find, You know, who I was as a player and then from there you, You know, I kind of dedicated my life to it and moved out of home when I was 15 to, You know, pursue a, pursue a career. So I, I'd say from like 12, 13 was when I really, You know, started to, You know, really see my future in basketball. Now you've been in, you've been in the game for a minute in Dyson, you, you, on your breakout year. What is the biggest lesson that you've learned in the game so far? I think for me personally, I think you can't let your confidence waver.


You know, there's, you have, You know, some good nights, some bad nights, You know, you gotta be able to, You know, even keel, stay neutral and make sure your confidence isn't go away. 'cause in the NBA, everybody can play, right? We're all talented, we're all here for a reason. So for me, as long as my confidence is, You know, at all time high, I feel good out there. Yeah. I mean, I'm with all confidence, You know, playing with a free mind, You know, everyone's gonna have an opinion no matter what you do, You know the people are gonna judge you for it, You know, it's gonna be good, it's gonna be bad, You know, you're always gonna get, You know, the, you always gonna get the bad and the stick it at one stage of your career. So for me, You know, I can't let people, what people tell me, You know, affect what I do.


I work, I go to work every day, I work out. I know, You know, how good of a player I can be if I, if I continue to put my mind to it. So for me, it's just about going in there, confidence, trusting my work and really not giving a fuck what people, what people think Yo talk. Gotta be that dog. And You know, both of y'all play like dogs And we all, we've been talking about dogs all day because like you said, everybody's in the NBA, but what makes you different is you going out there putting your all, You know what I'm saying, actually being a dog, like showing your, your skills And you are top candidate for defensive player of the year. What, what, what year is this? Two or three? Three.


Three. Yeah. Three defensive player of the year. Like tell us, tell us that feeling. Tell us the emotion, man. Like what, what's, what's going through your head right now? I mean, Shit, I, I came into the season with the goal of first team of defense and to kind of have my name in that defensive play of the year conversation. Now it's special and You know, my teammates have been, You know, really good and just let me be myself on that end. You goal and making plays, You know, obviously got big goal at the back, You know, covering me for any mistakes I make. But, You know, it's, it's special, You know, to be in that mentioned in that category. And yeah, as a kid you always wanna be the best offensive player you wanna be, You know, the Kobe Bryants, the Michael Jordans right. You know, that sort of thing.


But for me, You know, I look at, You know, top defenders Like, You know, Gary, Peyton, Alvin Robinson, these, these guys top that, You know, really, You know, get greedy, get it done. So that's, that's what I wanna do. So you Studied the game? Yeah, I studied the game. That's Play. Like you studied every game, you do something different. Hey man, I'm, I'm watching, I'm watching what everyone do. I mean, move it or lose it, You know, I'm gonna take it, You know, if you don't move it, I Love it. You were studying Gary Payne? Yeah, I mean I watched some film with Gary Payton interest, him and his son play the exact same as well. You know, they have that special steal they get, You know, I've taken that from 'em. So, but Okay, okay, okay. Your hand out coordination is crazy. Like, how do You know where they gonna place the ball? Like, it's Like, You know, they about to go here and your hand is already there.


Hey, I think growing up I played a lot of Australian football, which is a lot different. And it's, it's use your hands. You like, you have to be quick with your hands, get deflections, You know, tackle and stuff like that. And I think, You know, being part of that basketball at a young age, You know, just growing up doing all those sorts of things, You know, kind of, You know, helped develop my, my hand eye coordination. And then I think it's just a little bit, You know, born with it as well. So, yeah, I mean that, that's what you gotta have to be a good defender and You know, if you got it, you got it. If you don't, you don't. So Have you thought about this? 'cause when you're, when you're so great at something, they always try to come up with ways for you to try to get you to outthink yourself reaching in or you're not scared of them at the moment.


Or they, they're gonna start calling you like fouls for reaching in. Hey man, we, we got a lot of fouls this year from reaching in. You gotta, you gotta know when to reach right? And who you're reaching on. You know, you're gonna get players that, You know, they expect to reach so that they'll bring the ball out front and they want you to reach so they can get that foul. So it's about, You know, it's playing chess, You know, reach, reach when they don't expect it, You know, straight up when, when they don't expect it. And yeah, I mean a lot of my steels that come from behind so that, so they don't know what's coming. But yeah, it's like a game of chess. You know, you these good players, You know, they got good IQs. They know when, when you're gonna reach and, and when they can try to draw fouls. So you gotta be smart and outsmart them. I like the way you say iq 'cause big old, big old, your, your IQ level is, is at an all time high right now.


Now, You know, I've been watching the game for, I've been on court side for almost like seven, seven years, man. Been watching you starting, you starting, but your game has developed. It's, it's going, you just got a season high 20, 20, 31 points. Like explain your process of understanding like, okay, they're believing in me to start now And I gotta come in And I gotta represent for my team. Explain that process. You know, when I got to starting Nod back in January, I mean I was already playing well, but when I got that opportunity to start, I just had to take my game to another level turned up.


Like it's just all about, You know, confidence for me. You know, I've worked too hard to not, You know, produce out there. As long as I believe in myself, my teammates believe in me, then I can do whatever out there. You know, you say 30 that one time. 20 and 20 feel me, diamond out there. Back Doors. Back doors. You feel me? You know? So I, I keep working on my game, honestly. And You know what? To to both of you guys are credit. You guys are having fun. I, I'm watching y'all play and You know, it's, it's, it is, it's good to have players out there that's, that got the same passion and the heart as the, the fans, You know what I'm saying? Because I can't come out there as much as y'all hear me talk and all that.


I really just wanna see y'all be great. I really wanna see y'all be do because I know what you could do. Every time you get a steal it, it turns you up every time you shoot a three as a big man. Especially when times when big man wasn't shooting threes like you, you dominant, you got a triple threat. You can work the paint, you can dribble And you can shoot like on the off season. Explain when you, you, you are trying to perfect a shot and knowing that they may not want you to take that shot. I mean, like I said, I work on my game, You know, I working on my touch and run the paint handles, You know, I've been working on my shot for the last three years. My teammates know, I tell 'em like if I get it on the perimeter, it's going up like it's going up.


You know, I work too hard not to shoot the ball. But You know, you gotta you gotta wrap it out, You know, mornings and game days always get up threes and You know, it translates in the game. So even when, when you guys are warming up, I, I, I heard there's competition, there's a lot of one-on-ones being played. Like are they allowing y'all to play like rough with the one-on-ones and warm up before the game? I play one's pre-game. Okay. And it was one of the coaches, they can't go on me. But yeah, I mean what happens in the game, You know, I, I want that, You know, physicality, I need that competitiveness before the game so I gets be ready for the actual game.


Dyson man, You know this, this is outside of basketball now, You know, 'cause a, a lot of people don't understand that you guys like have y'all own hobbies outside of playing basketball. 'cause a lot of people think they just, basketball is just you guys' life, but you need something to balance it out. Mm. Now you out here, you DJ man Freshing, what you doing man? Oh yeah, yeah. I'll be on the ones and twos man. I enjoy doing that. You know, I have some friends back home that taught me how to do it. So You know, whenever I go back home I do a few sets and stuff like that. So, You know, I just didn't, I enjoy that man. I enjoy the music. I enjoy, You know, finding music, You know. And fact you're a dj. Hell yeah bro. How, how Don't You know this about your, how did you find out so much new stuff?


He loves EDM. He Oh yeah. Loves EDM plays. That's why you play like that plays It in the weight room. I'm like what the fuck am I listening to? Hey Man we gotta, we gotta get these now my teammates coach man. I come throw some EDM on some house. They got no idea what the is. So House sucks. It It turns you up. Yeah. Turn me up bro. They wanna listen to rap at 7:30 AM It's like R on bro RB so You can't listen to music with words, but you can Listen to this. Oh nah, nah, nah. At seven 30 in the morning I listen, I listen listen like some light house in the morning, You know, just to, You know, wake you up. And then after practice, You know when it's one, one o'clock, You know, 12, one o'clock, that's when we get the, You know, get everyone, everyone jumping. So no One's jumping. Nobody's jumping, nobody's jumping Me and well bogey when he used to be on the team, You know he, we got that style shout bogey.


But yeah, I'm gonna take some of my teammates to Europe this year and show him what's really bad. 'cause You know that's where you get that. You know What? Have you talked to Shaq? Nah, I haven't yet. You know Shaq a big, big time DJ now. He does? Yeah. I seen some of you sets. So, You Know, thinking, thinking about retirement, DJing pay, they pay big money. Exactly. They do for sure. You going to Europe this summer? Yeah, I'm go to Europe every summer. Where you going? Probably like Mico and France, south of France. I've To south, I've been to South France, Kansas, San pe. Okay, okay. I'll pull up Wewe in. That's it. That's all I know. I don't know nothing Else exactly. Rich King of France. King Of France, man. Shout out to Richard. She, man.


Okay. Okay. You guys be, be fresh. Is is that a thing now to be super fresh, to have that little walkway shot before the game? 'cause I be seeing y'all, y'all be dripping. Question for him. Go ahead. Hey man, I just enjoy dressing up. You know, fashion is part of the game Now, You know? Right. A lot of people putting it on. And for me, yeah, I enjoy dressing up, You know, get some good flicks, You know, get the Instagram count going. But I mean, it's just a, a passion of mine, You know, I like being in the fashion industry. So for me to, You know, go shopping in big cities, You know, find new things. It's, it is one of my passions that, that I enjoy doing. Gets me out of the hotel room. So, So this, this is, this is my question with you guys, man, because a lot of players, you see players come and go, you see players, they in it for the money.


You see players that just, they just, like you say, there's a lot of people in the NBA, You know, what do y'all want from the NBA? What do y'all see y'all self doing in the NBA And when it comes to the Hawk and the franchises, do you rather play with the Hawks, be here, have a selected team and just build from here? Like what do what, what do y'all see? I love a TL Love the Hawks Organization. You know, I'd wanna play here as long as possible, but You know, sometimes as You know, the deadline, You know, some shit just doesn't go your way. How Did You know we had another deadline, But overall, I mean the NBA just wanted to be able to play as long as possible.


Take care of my family, make as much money as possible and have fun. You know, I love playing basketball, You know, I have a lot of fun doing it and it's, You know, passion for me. Yeah, I mean the NBA it can be, You know, it's, it is a great business, let's put it that way. And you, you wanna be in a spot where you are, You know, you're welcomed, you're loved and, and people around you care about you. And You know, I think here with the Hawkes, the organization really cares about you. Your teammates care about you, the fans care about the sports. So you just wanna be in a, You know, the Hawkes is a great organization, but I think the, the culture that the Hawkes have and and the like camaraderie that it has is, is something that you wanna be a part of for sure.


When y'all came into the NBA, okay. Okay. I wanna, I wanna, I wanna take it back 'cause y'all living a dream that a lot of people are, wish they, y'all playing how we thought we could play in our head. We don't, we don't play this good draft draft day. The moment they called your name, the moment you put on that NBA jersey with your name on the back and the moment you walked on that court, this is a real NBA moment. Explain when your name got called for both of you, how was that feeling when them folk called your name? Because everybody name don't get called. Yeah, I mean I was in LA during the draft because I adapted during Covid, right?


So I had all a big party at a house, all my homeboys and were there, You know, it was a big bash. Like it was real fun. But when I heard Adam Silver call my name, it was like, damn, we finally made it. We did finally here. You know? It was just so surreal. And I honestly, I'll never forget that moment. Yeah, I mean you put your, You know, as a kid growing up, that's what you dream of. Hearing your name cold. Cold and walking across the stage. And for me, You know, to be there in the green room, You know, Hey Adam Silver, call my name, go up there, get my hat, get my photo. It's, it's surreal. And You know, it's a moment that you'll cherish forever and you'll never forget. And yeah, I mean that's definitely to this day, probably top three moments in my life.


For sure. Before we get into the rapid questions, I just want to know you guys' energy. I wanna know you guys' insight on the Atlanta Hawks where we are right now with the team of players, with the conditions, with everything we had to fight. Now that the trade line deadline is over these, these the people now until the next trade line. Yeah. How do you feel about the Atlanta Hawks? I feel like we're, You know, gaining some momentum, You know, four game win streak. I feel good. Wish I had my twin out there, Jalen out there. But You know, we serve for the rest of the year.


But You know, I think we're a playoff team And I think we're gonna make some noise come a Yeah, I think we're one of those teams that, You know, can be dangerous, You know, come playoffs and obviously we're seven C run now. So if we're gonna make the playoffs, You know, it's probably gonna be against, You know, either You know, Boston or Cleveland. Mm. Just had this talk. It's just gonna be a, it's gonna be a battle. But You know, we got a great team. We got a great young core obviously. Yeah, Mr. And Jalen unfortunately he went down but You know, we got guys stepped up, we got a really good team that can, You know, do some dangerous things come play of time When it's time to step up. 'cause I see people, roles changes.


When it's time for you to step in and start or when it's time for you to take on more minutes. What is, what is, what is that going on in your head? What is, because You know there's a preparation for everything that you do. 'cause like you said, it is strategic with basketball, You know you gonna play 12 minutes. All right. You know you gonna play 16. You already know what you gonna do. One of 'em folk look at you be like we need you for 32 though. We need you to go in. We need you to start, we need you to go in and be be the man tonight. What does that take you? Doesn't really affect me And I've been doing this for years. Help your talk doing this for a long time. You know, all I gotta do is make sure I take care of my body, eat well, hydrate and You know, play ball.


You gotta be ready, you gotta be ready no matter what. You know, you get your opportunity, you gotta go grab it or someone, someone else is waiting for that opportunity. So real. If you, You know, you don't want to, you don't wanna let let anything slip. 'cause next thing You know, you could be at the league. So you just gotta take the opportunity, go out there and make things happen. And if you do that, you'll be fine. Do you guys hear us on the sideline? Oh Yeah, that's, that's What going so y'all hear So do they train y'all to be like, like to just keep looking forward like y'all will walk past us da. That's it. That he, he Heard me. Hey man, I got, I got DC on this side. I got boozy on this side. You know they just talking old game. I love it. I love it. You know, get me going for sure. But I, I gotta recognize him more.


Listen We, I gave you a nickname. D two. Yeah, Dyson Daniel D two 2D. Okay, I'm just letting You know where it came from. D two. So you ever hear that down the line? Hey man D two what I told you last game, take over the paint. Absolutely, but, but, but took over the, that boy went crazy. Listen they hear us. It's like I told you I'm the energy coach or the voice of the people. Even though I'm not in that huddle as they walking I know they can hear me. So I kind of like say something that can motivate and that can just bring the dog out all. And when they go out there and they play like dogs man, the Atlanta Hawks rise every time man.


Every time. Okay, the locker room. First of all you see LeBron, they got handshakes and they do all that. Like are there any like Nicknames because You know I just gave you D two. That's my own personal nickname. Do y'all pledge have any Nicknames for each other or personal handshakes? Because that's too many handshakes to Remember. This is the great Barrier Thief right here. Whatever that means. That's what they yeah they gimme the great barrier thief. They, You know GG especially be call me Thief. I like it. I like it. You know Sticks, You know Great Barrier Thief in Australia so we'll take it. But this is the Big Kong right here, right? Yeah, big Kong. Wow. Big Kong. That's Crane Big Con. He just lied on spot. That was crazy. He just lied. He just made Up. That's what George Been calling you. That's what George been calling you bro. George G Wagon.


The Big con George is the minivan, right? The big Gwa. No I ain't got shit. I got Big O, double O double OO ski. Okay. I heard the rim record from somebody. Rim record. They from Bob. Okay, shout out Bob. Okay shout out to Bob Rim Rucker. Okay, that what's up? Okay, now, now, now we, we we we onto to something we onto to something. Since we already in here And we talking about this. Who's the funniest teammate? Rodney need his teammate. Funniest Teammate. Don't tell me y'all just be serious All time. I mean right now it's probably George, You know he loud. He definitely the loudest probably is George. He speak his mind man, You know he whatever at the top of his mind is gonna come out his mouth. So don't do me Like that.


He, he he funny for sure. But You know we, we go everyone pretty funny in there in way. Okay, okay, okay. Who had the biggest game winner on the team? Trey? Nah, That half court against Utah. Oh yeah, I forgot about that one. Yeah he did. Yeah That was crazy. Yeah, that one's by far. I Was gonna say the one where you stolen ski, hit the little euro. Nah, Trey's is better than that. I forgot about the half core one. But that, but that was, but you stealing it and then you gave it to the vert. Vert. Yeah. Yeah. And then we got to, I was there in Memphis. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Now you turned cut. Hey, I gotta start traveling with y'all that ver time. But you get to talk trash to the whole arena, Man. I heard Y y and T was going at it the whole Game. Well we was, I'm talking, I'm talking smack every time they, they gave y'all a call, I'm out there like shut up everybody shut up. And I'm like, I hope they let me on the bus 'cause I don't, I ain't gonna be able to walk up outta here by myself. Okay. Okay. Now y'all be in this a TL traffic. Which one is bad? Is it LA traffic? LA Australia traffic or a TL traffic? LA is the worst for me. La the worst. Yes. I mean a TO is definitely worse than Australia. Especially when I'm going to the arena, it's like two miles, 45 minutes. It's just crazy. So I think LA's a worst. We got, yeah, we got potholes and all that.


Like you gotta watch, you gotta look at the road. It's too much to watch. You gotta look at the road people. It's a big, you, you, you gotta have some big ties. Okay, now Dyson, who is the toughest player you ever had to guard? Well you like, man I can't get a steal on this motor Right now. It's SGA, You know, I think he just, he's just above everyone else right now. He's got the game. He, he knows what to do. He's got, he's got everything. He's got the step back, he's got the quickness, the pace, the mid-range. So credit to him, man. He's worked on his game man. He's, he's tough to god. Who's the toughest you had to guard like you knew you like man, he working out like he, he bagging me down but like man, what's yo should Man this the yoki stopper right here.


Don't say that for you. Here's it. Oh you the yo stopper? Yeah he the yo stopper. That's, that's the nickname. You ain't talking about the dude that run down the cut like this. Yeah, he the Yogi Stuffle. He be moving out there. I Don't know how he move. I don't know how he so athletic. He's athletic, he's athletic. He athletic yo. But he's tough. And You know another sneaky one is Sango. Yeah, Yeah. You know he has touch with both hands. He's strong. I'm just like, damn, I can't. So is it a hook shot? Is that hard to defend because you don't know which way they gonna take you? They may, yeah. Depends something, some people, yeah, I mean to, to somebody who's a stoper, he ain't, he's studying nothing. It's Like Talking about, okay Here we go, Here we go.


Now this one right here, it is gonna be a little thing we just started something gonna pop up like a little cartoon. It's called speed round. Like Here we go. All right. Speed round. 'cause we know y'all gotta go to practice because we got a game tomorrow And we going to tap that ass. Here we go. Favorite NBA city to play in. Can I say LA? I mean that cool. We ain't tripping. You like to play there. Don't say you play Phoenix. Phoenix. Phoenix. Actually Phoenix. Phoenix is fun. Phoenix cool. Yeah. What Boston? Boston. I hate playing in Boston. Why bro? I feel like they don't miss a shot in Boston. Yeah But the atmosphere different. Yeah But you said LA then you switch to Phoenix like hold up. So hold up, hold up. Because I'm from LA so I'm gonna say different city Phoenix.


Okay, Cool, cool, cool. But what about Phoenix? That makes it stand out though. It's always a good time in Phoenix. It's always A good, you gotta tell you say no more. Here we go. I know that go first. NBA jersey you've owned. I had that Damian in Little Jersey when I was like 12 years old. Why'd you make him Sound so old my man? Come on. Try he still play with you? He little Old like what, 34? Like I had his jersey when I was 12. He's still in the league. That my first one And mine was Westbrook when he was with the Thunder. So Westbrook. Okay, okay. Well I wouldn't say pre-game nap yes or no because we know they like to listen to EDM so ain't nothing but Here we go Player.


You look forward to matching up against the most like yes. Your little Rival Bronson. Bronson? Yeah. Okay. Giannis. Giannis. I always like learn Giannis. Y'all shut them down Last time We lost. Last time We lost. Yeah, but he didn't play. Did he play it One before that We got him? Yeah. Yeah. He ain't play. But did he play the last Game? Nah, he played last time. He played Last time. He played last game. But he ain't score that many points though. Right. Blow is average. Yeah. So I did my job. Why? See what I'm saying? But we ain't playing this shit. We ain't playing. Yeah, I love you Giannis, but you ain't do nothing when you play this.


Okay, Here we go. Here we go. All right. If you wasn't playing basketball, what career would you be pursuing? Damn. You'd be DJing mama. Yeah dj. Fuck that. I'll be on the ones and twos man. Talk your Talk. Exactly. And somebody will be telling you like man you should have played basketball. Yeah, that's what, that's what I, I'd be a doctor. Hell No. You sound like not. You good with diagnosis. You UFC Ain't Sick. Smart school But you sick. Yeah Type. Right. That dude make me feel better. Like You know what, I feel like I got a chance to live Right And my man. All right man. Listen man, we love y'all man.


First I'm gonna say it again. We appreciate y'all contributions to this franchise man to Atlanta Hawks man. And anytime you see the fans over there, we yelling. We bro it's it's, it's coming from passion bro. It's coming from love bro. Like we really want to say we love y'all every time y'all do something great And we don't even care. We lose. We still love y'all. We gonna ride man. It's just the principle that y'all are represent the city. When y'all put that jersey on man, I'm from Atlanta for real. I born and raised all day every day. So when y'all out there representing my city, man, we appreciate that For sure. And we And we And we got y'all back And I be can't, I can't wait. I ain't saying I can't wait but every time it look like y'all be about to squabble.


Hey what I be saying over there? Hey we come on the floor down here. You not touching them players. You hear me? We love y'all man. We appreciate y'all A TL, huh? Hawks and Friends. None other than Dyson, Daniel and Big Double Love DC man. Appreciate you dog, appreciate That. Thanks DC I appreciate y'all. You struggle


This weekend only at Macy's. It's our lowest prices of Spring. How low Diamond rings, pendants and earrings only $399 Originally 1500 Ninja Blends now 89, 99 and $395. Men's designer suits only 99. 99. So if you're wondering why you should shop Macy's lowest prices sale, well the name pretty much says it all. It's our lowest prices for one weekend only starts tomorrow at Macy's savings. Offal already reduced prices, exclusions apply.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Valley Season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.