
You're listening to an iHeart podcast. Stepping into the Kia K four or K five isn't just getting behind the wheel of any average sedan. It's stepping into what's next with a K four. It's stepping into a world that's exciting. With a K five. It's one that's bold. The Kia K four, and K five. The next movement for sedans, see your local Kia dealer or visit kia.com to learn more Kia movement that inspires. Call 803 3 3 4 Kia. For details, always drive safely. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next.


In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There's so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content. The term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I know the people at home like, man, is he the president of your United States? I wish. I wish.


And matter of fact, I think he going to run in the next three years. Today's guest is a og, a OG from Atlanta, born and raised UGA graduate. He worked for Coke, he worked for Turner. He's the chairman of the aquarium. He's the CEO of our very own Atlanta Hawks. Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Steve. Come on y'all. That was an amazing introduction. Just a reminder, it's an empty building behind us. That's What I'm trying to tell you.


But it, we got a little crowd of here, Steve. Okay. As the CEO man, like what is the number one job for you when you enter this arena, this, this establishment? Because I done saw you a couple of times. Steve. You be chilling, Steve. Oh yeah. You be acting like you ain't who you is. You know, I can see everybody move out the way you just sit down. But what's your number one go-to when you come in here? Like what's, what's, what's on your mind? I want people to have the best experience that night and it starts at the Hawks game. I want to excite Atlanta. Entertain Atlanta, and we want people to come here and it demonstrates Atlanta, which is all of us who are different, come together and celebrate one thing.


And that's a hawk's victory. Now, I wanna, I wanna know, 'cause everybody have probably done been through this. What's a plan that we got rid of that you wish we wouldn't have? I'm gonna try to go back. So it's not under any administration. Come on Steve. You know, I, it's interesting. I'm not sure there have been a lot of all stars developed in other teams that have come from our roster. Mm. I'm not, You know, I'm, I'm, I don't have that. You know, Kevin Willis was with us for a long time and ended up playing 22 years and Kevin's been a great friend of the organization.


But in contemporary times, You know, you don't look back, you make the moves and you keep going. So, at This state, what do you think is needed for the hawks? Well, I Think you, you see re shea, he's had a fabulous rookie season. He's Doing, doing his thing. You know, he's 19 years old. Yeah. He's a kid. 19 years old. He's A kid. Then you got Dyson Daniels who's in the conversation for comeback player of the year talk defensive player of the year to, he's 22 years old. And then Jalen just 23 years old. So you have three players that are definitely on the rise Now.


But You know, I, we, we, we like to do a little digging and we end up doing some, some, some digging. Steve, You are an investigative Reporter. Me? Yeah. We some, we do do some investigation. Who? Iste and k Well, I'm a grandpa now, which is fun as hell. They Right. Three kids under four years old. Wait. Yeah. Four, three and three from my two kids. I am hopefully one of the biggest cheerleaders for Atlanta. Right. I am somebody who wants to give back to the city that's given me so much. And that's the aquarium and metro chamber and other things I'm involved in.


And I love my friends and I like to have fun and I am a monster sports fan. But see, Steve, like I say, you keep downplaying your role, man. We been, we we gonna keep digging. We gonna keep going in the past. Now, like you say, you over there at the query now only somebody with this type of status can pull moves like the move. I'm about to say, now you got Jay-Z and Beyonce, they don't even know they wanna come down here, but You know what, I just wanna go see some fish. I toured her last summer at the aquarium. Nobody There. Nobody there. They just, her and her family and possibly the largest human being I've ever seen is her bodyguard.


Right. And she was lovely. We spent three hours. Her kids had free reign of the place. Right. We did very well in the gift shop that night. Right. No discounts. They don't need it. And You know what the aquarium symbolizes to me is the resurgence of downtown. Right? So I've been, it's you, you talked about where I've worked, I've worked within a mile of this arena my entire career between Koch, Turner, CNN Center, and now where we are at State Farm Arena and the aquarium started to lift downtown. Now there's restaurants on Marietta Street. Now there's multiple hotels now. We've started Centennial Yards across the street from here who have two towers that have come out of the ground.


And a lot more coming. In fact, You know, there's gonna be a great concert venue there that I know you can fill this place, but on your off nights you go fill that place. Yes sir. Work on new material and put some dough in your pocket. Yes sir. And mine. You talk. You talk that talk. Yeah, I know now. 'cause everybody contributes to the community in a different way. And to hear you contribute into all of these, You know, these monumental things that we have that's far our city. Like explain to the people the process of, of saying like, okay, this is what I've done this for. This is what I came back to contribute for, for moments like Jay-Z and Beyonce. They come in here and have an experience. He didn't want to go see the fish.


She did. He Who? She did Jay-Z stayed in the Hotel. He stayed in the hotel. All right. Well Beyonce did. She did. Oh she did. She was here. So, so and her mom. So Explain to the people like this is the reason why like you've came back to contribute for these type of moments for people to have about our city. Yeah. I I mean I I wanna show this city off to anybody and everybody, You know, will Ferrell's coming here to shoot a movie in a couple weeks. We reached out and said love to have you at a game. In fact, he's pretty good hooper. He he definitely will come on now. You, You know, we need somebody to back up Trey. Anyway, Here you go. You're thinking the same way. I'm Say you want somebody young, so I don't think, we'll, Well, but I, I didn't go as far as having him on our active roster for the playoffs.


Okay. He can go to the sky hall now. Yeah. There's seasons over. I was thinking if, You know, putting together some, You know, practices over at the practice facility. Right. Or having will come to a game and You know, You Know him and Adam Sanken ball too. That's true. Right? That's True. But you need to have a celebrity game, Steve. Well that's kind of what I'm thinking. You know, I got the Well, I know the coach now. Don't No, we You work with us now. You're gonna be a captain. You're not gonna be a coach Captain. You talking about on the team Steve, You're gonna be on the fantasy team. I'm making up as we talk. Is this recorded? 'cause I don't need nobody to go back on they word. There's nothing in these cameras. Sorry. Oh My goodness. Steve, hold up before we gotta go 'cause I don't wanna hold your two but time now.


We got No, Take your time. We We got some real on the go questions right now. Okay. And we want to know your, your, your, your input. Worst traffic in, in, in Atlanta. I'm sorry, I didn't understand The question. Worst traffic in Atlanta. I'm sorry, I didn't understand the question. Well, well we Here there's bad traffic in Atlanta Yet. That's 'cause everybody wants to be here. Why could we the best? Steve, I told you I'm the cheerleader for Atlanta. I'm not going to take the bait on this shit. Come On. I, I see where you going Steve? The traffic. Hey Steve been interrogated before. He said what? You say it's Narnia in Atlanta. Right. And the traffic in Narnia sucks. Okay, here we go. 'cause a lot of people don't know the back road. You know, I'm from the west side, Steve. I know the back road. I can take you To a couple back Roads.


You when you get from here to the airport without getting on the highway. Yeah. Okay. I'm going straight up Hayville Right to Stewart Avenue, right? Yeah. Steve, what You know about Stu? Hey Steve. We gotta go to Blue Flame after this Steve. That'd be interesting. Now do You know about Blue Flame? I'm gonna pretend I don't. Is that Oh, oh boy. Steve, is that something the gas company puts on Georgia Natural Gas? You know what it do get hot now. I see where you're going. I see where you're going and I'm running the other way. Papa ti. Okay, here we go. Okay. Favorite place to eat. Ooh, that's tough. 'cause I go to a lot of places to eat, but I, I love what Geo does.


Oh Wait, where that it, that's on the And Teco Pizza Geo's chicken right at down the street. Geo Street's right on the, across the, by the, across the street from the gas station. Exactly right. You can eat outside. Yeah. They got the lemon pepper chicken. Yeah. Yes sir. I know what you're talking about. Yeah. A good taste. Yes sir. That why in the streets. That why Steve in these streets. Here we go. How do I get into the owner's lounge though? Steve? Ask. I don't know why I just ain't, I've been asking the wrong people. Yeah, you have love to have you. So basically I just need to say go get Steve. Yeah. Say No more. Or send me a text and say I'm gonna be there tonight. And I'll say, okay, I'll meet you in there. Just don't walk past me, Steve, because they gonna make me look bad. No, I'm, I will come get you My Say no.


I know where you sit. You used to sit next to me. Then you moved, you dumped me. Did I, Did I not just say all that? I say I used to sit next to Steve. Steve just till Said we need to upgrade. I I gotta Get close so I get away from him. No, no. I love you Steve. But I gotta get close so they can hear Me. I'm sorry. We were on the third row. We was on the third and I can't hear you and you are funny as hell. But It's, I feel like y'all put like a blockage for the players or y'all trained them to not talk to us. It's a basketball game, not a comedy show. The show comes after the game. I know, but they gotta feel It. We threw some seven year olds out for screaming. Trey, Trey, Trey, Trey. Yeah. When they were in the huddle. Yeah. They can't keep Doing that Now. Seven year olds gotta behave. I understand that.


Can't come here and cause trouble. So check this out. 'cause I'm a fan favorite of these. Have you tried the Chocolate Chip Cookies? You, you the, you the CEO. Oh yeah. Them Chocolate Chip Cookies. They're my duck shame. They are. I I eat a corner of one If you a diabetic. Do not sit down there. No, we, we got good cookies and in the owner's lounge they're even better. They're even better. They're even better homemade here. All I gotta do is ask, Just ask me What I'm not asking nobody else but Steve. There you go. Okay, here we go. Best thing about being a CEO of the Atlanta Hawks Is that I can help bring the community together.


We can support things. Amir one has a midnight basketball program for young people. They believe in the fact show that it helps kids get off the street. Conflict resolution. Boom. One phone call. Guess Mr. Mayor, we're gonna support that. And we're there. When Covid hit, we took our 28 courts that were in Atlanta and we turned them into pop-up grocery stores and fed many communities. And when we got great feedback for feeding communities, but we heard that seniors couldn't wait in line to go get their food. We pivoted to a home delivery service. We did something we called Healthcare Heroes. After you worked at Shift during the first weeks of Covid and you work 14, 16 hours a day, the last thing you have time to do is go grocery shopping and make food at home.


And a lot of frontline workers were actually being booed in grocery stores. People were scared. They didn't know what was on them because they work in hospitals. Right. We assembled a bunch of restaurants here, turned 'em into commissaries and provided the meals to take home to feed their families. So sports are the thing that brings people together. Right. Brings you and I together. Understood. Most likely I wouldn't know you understood in the TV business. 'cause I think you're wildly talented and wanna put you in 10 shows talking about The Piano friends. Yeah. I know. Can't go back. But we're in a position where we can do a lot of different things that make this city better. Yes sir. And writing checks and giving money to charity. Super important.


But doing things is the essence of what we do. Yes, sir. And that's what I'm the most proud of. Well, OG man, I, I wish we could talk all day, man. Because at this point I feel like we best the pass. 'cause all I'm gonna do is ask for Steve. I'm not talking to nobody else in this building, man. No. We will change phone numbers. And I see on my screen DC fly and I Say, I'm pulling up, Tell them to pull a cup cookies and put 'em because you put a couple of cookies on. Yeah. You what You said I need. I'll give you My sir. You said I need to Eat. I'm saying you need good cookies. I do need some good cookies. And then after that, and when you look out for me, I'm gonna look out for you. Once we leave the game, we're going to the flame.


Oh Yeah. And I, and and guess what? I'm Steve cooling it now. You know I'm saying Yeah. I wish you well. Yeah. That's what I'm trying to tell you. But look, I from the city, man, is That what AF stands for? After Flame C Boy, Steve, man A you see him after Hawks after. Come on Man. Because that's a permission slip from my family. Right? That's that's What I'm trying to tell you. That Steve, I don't want this to be your last time pulling up on me, man. Why would it? We, Here We are here. The city appreciates you, man. We got your support And we support you and appreciate what you do for our city. And you're playing this building soon.


That's all we wanna do. We just want to keep bridge, You know, bridging the gap and building up the community. Absolutely. That's What we doing, man. Hey America, ladies, gentlemen, none other than the CEO man. Steve Cooney. We're going to the flame. Come on Steve. I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Su, CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming.


What others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You're listening to an iHeart podcast.