
The search for truth never ends. Introducing June's journey, A hidden object mobile game with a captivating story. Connect with friends. Explore the roaring twenties, and enjoy thrilling activities and challenges while supporting environmental causes. After seven years, the adventure continues with our immersive travels feature. Explore distant cultures and engage in exciting experiences. There's always something new to discover. Are you ready? Download June's journey now. On Android or iOS?


Baby. Chili dogging and cold. S slowing baby boy. Listen, that's some old, that's some old school. What you say? Chili dogging and cold slaw. Chili then cool. Slow. See, I ain't got no, I ain't got no theme song yet. Oh, It's coming. We ain't got no theme song. You got theme song. You know what? Only reason why I said that. Because this episode is epic. Mm. It's not just a regular episode. This one of them. Ones this from from the dirty side. Huh? What You know about the dirty side?


This is a real epic moment right here for the home team. Man. See man. And they so hype. I wish they would just be quiet. We about be whipping some, some tail feather. Oh yeah. We up about three. All right. Well make all the noise you want. Okay. Because this, this, this right here, this episode, we need to stay tuned because we got a pioneer in the game, man. A real South Atlanta legend and one fourth of the Iconic goodie mob Cujo. Yes. Thirds my guy. What? So Baby chili dogging. Then Cole s slowing baby boy. Listen, That's some old, that's some old school. What you Say? Chili dogging and cole slaw. Chili dogging. Then Coles slowing. Yeah.


I gotta get that to, Hey, I gotta get that to my brother. My young brother. Throw that Off. He throw that off. Flap. Appreciate flap. Okay, We did that On Bold the crib. Appreciate it. Four folk. Man. You, You know, you an Atlanta legend man. Like, like scale of one to 10 man. What's your, what's your range from being a Hawks fan? Oh Boy. Stop. I'm a strong tension. A Strong tension. I'm a strong tension bro. I'm a, I always been home team man. Yes sir. Sir. Win lose or draw, bro. You know what I'm saying? I can't go with nobody else, bro. Yes sir. I gotta go with the home team. Do you remember your first game? Man? You know what? The music business got me to go into one of my first games. 'cause when I was a kid, bro, I never had a chance. I didn't have nobody take me to a game.


So I just had to watch 'em on tv. You feel what I'm saying? Facts. So, yeah, this music business got me to my First Hawks Game. So this might be my, maybe like my third one, man, believe or not Your third game. I ain't gonna lie. How Your whole life. Yes, bro. Yeah. That Is crazy. Now can you imagine? Yeah. How even icons, even though they worked so hard, it's only his third game in Atlanta Hall have Games. So, You know, I've been wanting to come since I was a little kid, but I ain't had nobody take me. So You know what that mean, right? What that Atlanta Hawks gotta stay tuned in to the real Atlanta streets already. We gotta keep bringing these Atlanta legends. Yes, please, bro. So, so speaking of the Atlanta streets, like what part of the city? I know this, these questions right Here.


That's all I Would, You know, it's all corporate. I would, I gotta act like I don't know you, but I know I'm telling them all mind telling What, what, What, what part of the city shaped Cujo Dog? Man, I gotta give it up to the West side. West side. Please. Chop road, man. Chop fire. Oops. Hollywood Road. You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. Bankhead, when they first called, when called it Bankhead West Side was where I grew up on bro team, You know? Yes sir. Man Hollywood Road Place, west Side native. You Did Already. So what was the a TL music scene like back then? Man, You know, especially like the nineties. Well, lemme take it a little bit further man. 'cause I gotta give it up to, You know what I'm saying? Kilo. Shout Out To Kilo Sammy, Sam, shout Out to Sammy Sam.


You know What I'm saying? Gotta give it up to Shy d you feel what I'm saying? And I can't forget eliminate, I can't Raheem TheDream. You feel what I'm saying? So that's kinda like who we came up like listening to, You know what I'm saying? Before we even got up on the radio, you feel what I'm saying? So even Before y'all got up on the radio, You know there was spots that You know y'all could kick it to. You see what I'm like? Especially like The Dungeon family did Doug, you dig what I'm saying? That that was a RIP to Rico way. Yeah, my brother. You dig what I'm saying? Yeah. Like we didn't have too many spots. Right. Where we could kick it. Right. Where y'all could kick it in because You know, the south had to kind of like bust, You know, bust through the rap scene.


Yeah. Yeah. So like, explain like what's a, what's a spot back in the day that you wish that was still here? So we talking about what, like a club or something like that? I mean, just a regular spot, You know? Man, I got a 5, 5 9, man. 5, 5, 9, 5, 5 9. Man, the velvet room, mojos, You know these were some of the places man, that, You know what I'm saying? People could come and have a good time back then. You feel what I'm saying? Man, like people listen to the music and people actually actually dancing, man having a good time. Right. You know what I'm saying? So yeah. I wish some of those spots was was still around, man. I'm pretty sure some spots like that. You know what, I'm you, you remember the kitty, The heard the kitty?


I heard the, I heard the kitty. The kid Kitty. I heard the kitty. Oh boy. It was a lot of of cats down, Man. I mean club illusions, You know what I'm saying? On Hamilton Road, man, because you From, you from Trap four. What's the club right there by the, by the corner store that y'all used to have right before you get over the, the, the railroad track. Oh man. Oh God. Is it illegal? What what it Was give you got me on that old railroad track. See the thing was, I still, when I was staying on Chopper Road, I wasn't really old enough to go to the clubs over there. You feel what I'm saying? Because like, they had stuff like the shrimp boat over there. Right. They had all type of like nooks and crams that you can go to. You feel what I'm saying? Right. But yeah, when I finally got old enough man to drive, you feel what I'm saying?


That's when I started venturing out, man. Because for a minute I ain't even leave the West Side. I ain't no green, bro. People don't Understand West Side. That's, that was our Life. I ain't no downtown bro. Ain't no Len Square. I ain't no none of that. I ain't Nolen Square until getting with Rico and them at The Dungeon. See What I'm saying? Because He would go for a ride, said, come on man, you wanna go somewhere like, yeah. I'm like, man, where the hell we at, bro? Right. So we don't come back to about 4, 5, 6 hours. Right. Dude. Come back with food and everything man. Everybody like, man, where you been? Where you been so Lenox man? Wow. So nah man, west Side was like, that was like my my West Haven. You feel what I'm saying? Yes, sir. Took till I got old enough to venture out a little bit more. You know what I'm saying? Yes sir. Shout out to Ms. Wade of The Dungeon man, because that was our spot right there, bro.


I mean, spending night man sleeping bags, you gotta worry about your mama and daddy telling you what to do, man, stay up all night. Man. That was a, that was a haven for us, bro. Can You give us a, a real insight on what The Dungeon was for Atlanta? Mm. What The Dungeon was for artists from Atlanta and what The Dungeon did at that moment? Well, I can tell you what The Dungeon did, man. It, it gave Atlanta, it gave Atlanta a a identity. Right. You feel what I'm saying? Because all they thought that we was, was, You know what I'm saying, strip club music, you feel what I'm saying? Party music, which is good, You know what I'm saying? But going into The Dungeon, I got a chance to meet people like Gil C Low tmo, these people from different sides of town.


You know what I'm saying? East Point, you feel what I'm saying? Southwest Atlanta, You know what I'm saying here? I'm coming over here from the west side coming into a whole new spot. You, You know what I mean? But the thing about it is, is we all had one, we all was on one accord and it was like music, You know what I'm saying? We wanted to give Atlanta that name. We wanted to make sure Atlanta knew, we wanted to make sure people knew who Atlanta was. Right. You feel what I'm saying? So I guess it was just, it was just some stuff built up in us, man, that, that made us come out with that type of music. Because didn't nobody sit down and say, Hey man, write you write a song like Soul food or write a song like Cell Therapy. Nah, this was just, this was just in us. You feel what I'm saying? And man, it, it was awesome man, because Hank Aren stayed across the street right from the other dungeon on Adam Drive.


Right. And we found out while we was doing our Soul Food album that, that Curtis Mayfield stayed around the corner. See what I'm Saying? What? So You know what I, I'm, I'm saying these guys in the neighborhood, bro, we ain't even know, you feel me? So, You know what I'm saying? Man, man, it was, man, if it wasn't for this music, man, You know, I wouldn't be a well-rounded person. You feel what I'm saying? Because we can get West Side all day always. You feel what I'm saying? But sometimes you gotta get out there and be able to communicate with other people too. You feel what I'm saying? And that's what music did for me. So when Dre said, man, The South got something to say. Remember when when he go up there and grab the award? Yeah. Yeah. They booing. Yeah, they did. They booing this ain the Source award. Yeah, they did Like at a time.


Like people don't understand, like everybody's accepted nowadays into some music game. Right, right, right. I think being the underdog made it more fun when it's like, oh, y'all don't like me, Bru What? Man, we well we was ready to fight everybody in there, bro. I mean, we was ready man. I mean, man that was just so electrified. I'm so glad. 'cause today I posted something on the Goody Mar page right. Where somebody had a VCR tape of us on the stage. 'cause I was like, man, I thought I was there. You know what I mean? Right. And I seen all of us walk up on the stage and we was just walking up there like, yeah. Yeah. Y'all like, what? Yeah, yeah. What's up? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right on Drake. Right, right on Big. Yeah. Yeah. What, what?


Yeah, they was bulls. But You know what? New York was like that cousin that every time you go of his house, he always picking on, You know what I'm saying? He, next time you come up on there, You know what I'm saying? You give him one. You feel me? Right. So New York gave us some tough love, man. I mean, the next time we came back, boy it wasn't none of that. It wasn't none of that. 'cause we did the Apollo, You know what I'm saying? With The Dungeon family up there, the whole dungeon family, bro. I mean, which Doctor Backbone Cool Breeze. I mean, little Exclusive right now, Man. We got up there and did that thing, man. They, and they, they recognized it and they respected it. Right. So it's like they had to respect it because if you can't, if you can't get past the booze, you might as well go do something else.


You feel what I'm saying? Because everybody ain't going to like you. And that's kind of what we ran into because when we was doing the music, we like man this shit jamming bro. I mean man, we got some songs, You know what I'm saying? But you go to a whole nother reason. They, they like, nah, Uhuh, we, we don't, nah. Boo Boo Being called country being called. Man. What they saying, man being called, hold on, let, lemme, lemme set Tone say that. Say that being called and them boy don't know they Bud don't know nothing about no rap. Right. To see Atlanta. Right. Still holding the crime from what y'all started still. I'm gonna say that again. I'm I'm gonna say that again.


Right, right. Then write it back. Right, right, right. To see Atlanta holding the crown. Mm. Did y'all started? Mm mm How did that make you feel? Man, it is a, it's a glorious feeling bro. 'cause it, it, it make it feel, it make your journey feel like it was worth the Yes. It was worth The while. You feel what I'm saying? When you get some young cats come up and say, yo, man, I been listening to y'all music since I was seven years old. Right. Or my momma put me up on goody mob or man, I used to ride in the call my daddy, he bumping goodie mob and then you got artists out here, man that's just taking that baton man and You know what I'm saying, creating careers for themselves.


You know what I'm saying? Because yeah, it's music, but it's a business too. You know what I'm saying? So a lot of people that's doing good, man, You know what I'm saying? They feeding they family. So just think if somebody bullying you and deterring you from doing your thing, they try to stop you from eating. You feel what I'm saying? But man, the South always really had something to say. It was like we didn't have a a a vehicle, a platform. You feel me? So shout out to La Reed Babyface for LaFace Records because they was a major record label and people was able to hear our music all over the world, not just in Georgia. You feel what I'm saying? So with that being said, man. Yeah. Like my, my like my brother said, man, we the cotton gin.


Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. So it, it feel good man to, to it feel like rock and roll bro. You know what I'm saying? This our 30 year anniversary of soul food talk your talk and man we still on deck and, and The crazy lemme tell you something. I like for legends to know how long they been legends because that's the, that's the only thing with and in in our culture, we don't respect our icons. Yeah. We don't, we have more hall of famers than any other culture there is. Yeah. That I'm about to be 33, man. Okay. Okay. That just letting You know how long you been popping? Nah bro. You feel Me? You know what? You don't, you don't even think about that when you, in the, when you in the, in the, in the mode of making history, you feel what I'm saying?


All you wanna do is make sure, make sure your verse sound good. You feel what I'm saying? Make sure you pronouncing every word right. Because that's, that's what we was thinking about while we was doing that we wasn't thinking about Right. Because they don't know what they saying. Yeah man. Man what you mean? We, what you heard what we said bro? Man, it was man and, and just to be around, just to be around the group like g Lowe and, and TI learned a lot too. You feel what I'm saying? Because they made me, they made me be who I gotta be. You know what I'm saying? Because they was who they was, You know what I'm saying? And, and them guys was doing they damn thing bro. Yeah. They were, I mean bro, I had to hang with, I had to hang with the best. I gotta call them boy the best. But You know, music is what you call that. What is, is it timeless? Yes. Okay.


So I, yes, I'm 33. Yes. I didn't understand y'all music until I got old enough. So Yeah, it was new to me. Yeah. But it gave me that same impact like when you first drop. Yeah. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? So I'm like, okay I'm 16 now, catching on to the goodie mall way. Right, right, right. And I'm like, man, I've been, oh this what folk been rocking with. Oh, I I've been tripping little Bro. We was like 20 something years old though. You know, maybe like 26, You know what I'm saying? Talking, talking some real talk. Right. You know what I'm talking about. And just, man, back then we was writing Right. It was like poetry pen. You feel what I'm saying?


That's, that's kind of like, and then organized noise coming in with that real ass music bro. I mean when you're talking about digging into crates, bro. Man these boys was going deep man going into the seventies, You know what I'm saying? The late sixties pulling out stuff, man, to this day you can't even, people don't even know where cell therapy came from but they, they don't even know where the beat came from. You feel me? So yeah. You gotta do just like anyone, some of these like, like Marvin Gaye or Luther Vandross you. Oh that's what he was talking about? Yeah. Oh Okay. You old enough now. You done had experience None. Now you able to, to really hear, you are able to get past the music right past how to, how, how he sound Now.


I hear the word now. You hear what you talking now it beat everything sound even better. 'cause now I can relate Like you said, music time. It's sitting there waiting for you. It's waiting For you to catch up. It when you catch up. Man, you young ready for you to catch up. I'm gonna be here when it's time for you. Real tall. Real tall. Man. I appreciate it. 'cause You know what, before we get outta here, I gotta know what is your Mount Rushmore of hip hop? Whoa. Just hip hop Period. Gimme five. Yep, five. Mount Rushmore is five or four. How many on Mount Moore? See we, we it's four. It's four. All the people that graduated I graduated but You know I did six months of college. Ah, that's good. That ain't say nothing about Mount Rushmore. May is called Oak cri. Oh. Mays High School on that man.


High school class of 19 nine already. 1990. I wasn't go did 92. Man. We go baby. Yeah. Let You know, You know you've been doing this. Yeah bro. Yeah. It's, it's really all about longevity. It is, it is. It Ain't about oh I did that in the 90. No you did it in 91, 92. Yeah. All the way to 2025. Yeah. It is about making good decisions too. Yes sir. About making good decision. But my mom rushed more. Hmm. But see I grew up on hip hop talking. You feel what I'm saying? I grew up on hip hop and I gotta put, I gotta put Public Enemy in there because they came with some knowledge, you feel what I'm saying?


Made me think. And they was able to put it on, put it on eight oh eights. You feel what I'm saying? Put it on on a beat where it was not preachy, preachy that it was entertaining. You feel what I'm saying? So I gotta get that to them. And I gotta say NWA bro, I got say NWA man because man that stuff that they was talking bro, I was scared to go to California bro. I like boy y'all, y'all for real. Right. Y'all, y'all shooting for like, that ain't going to California, right? Nah, Nah, nah bro. I'm talking about they outta control bro. And lemme see. I gotta give it to, I gotta put, I gotta put Rakim up there man. Rakim Air being, and Rakim being Rakim 'cause he, he definitely changed, changed the way, changed the rap game up in New York bro.


Because after he came out, folk had to, they had to rush and, and go read a book and go do something. You feel what I'm saying? And I gotta put me a female up in there. Man. I gotta, I gotta throw, I gotta throw Roxanne Shante up in there bro. Roxane, Roxane, Roxanne, Shante bro. I mean she was a man. I had a crush on her bro because Yeah, all y'all did, everybody Had a crush on her. You feel what I'm saying? But just to, just to hear what she was saying, coming outta that little bitty body and she was rapping like a female bro. She was rapping like a woman. She wasn't right. She was rapping like a real woman bro. So yeah, that type of, that type of stuff kind of molded me into wanna want to do this. 'cause I remember seeing a particular movie called Crush Groove and when I seen my man, I forgot to put the Fat boys in there bro.


What? Man, See what I'm saying? Fat Boys, You see what I what I'm saying there's five on Mount Rush. Okay. Yeah it's five on we we'll call some more Stones. I did rock. Yeah Bro. Yeah man. So like I said I gotta give it to, I gotta give it to the brothers and sisters up top in New York because they made some things happen. But it's all about the music evolving. Yes sir. You feel what I'm saying? They just can't stay in one place because it ain't just gonna stay in the eighth. We want, we want the crown to stay down here but once somebody get real good at what they doing, They may take over. They may do the thing man. We'll have to embrace. Hey you got to man. That's the one thing we got. You gotta learn how to do. Gotta learn how to embrace the next man that's up. You feel me? Can't hate on the next man if he good, we got all his, all his ducks in a row.


You gotta give to him. Got To. Alright, here we go. We got us a speed round before we get back out here and see how our halt. Oh shit. Whoop as you hear me, I'm ready. Here we go. Album. You enjoy making the most. Oh man. Still standing bro. Still standing. Okay. Worst traffic in Atlanta. Greater curb bro. Ooh. Coming down 75 dog boy They don't understand Make you lose your religion bro. Bro. They don't understand. Here we go. Sports car, SUV or pickup truck. Man I gotta do that Pickup truck bro. Gotta have one pick up one food for the rest of your life. Oh man. Lamb chopped bro. Lamb chop bad. Gotta have a bad chop.


You hear me? It easiest way to impress a date Make be, be funny, right? You gotta have a sense of humor. Gotta Have. Don't be funny all night. Nah, don't be funny. All hit. You make a laugh every now and then man. Hey man, you got him bro. You got 'em. Yeah. Yeah you got man. Hey listen here man. Hawks and Friends, there you have it brought to you. Another episode with a icon with a legend, man. Goodie mob. Cool Joe. Dirty South.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's answer per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


The search for truth never ends. Introducing June's journey, A hidden object mobile game with a captivating story. Connect with friends, explore the Roaring twenties, and enjoy thrilling activities and challenges while supporting environmental causes. After seven years, the adventure continues With our immersive travels feature. Explore distant cultures and engage in exciting experiences. There's always something new to discover. Are you ready? Download June's journey now on Android or iOS.