
Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends. You just need the right shoes. That's where designer shoe warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans, pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers, obsessed with the shear trend. Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho, comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, and just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Wouldn't it be great if for every customer call you missed, you are given a second chance to make that connection with Ruby. You don't have to hope for a second chance. Ruby is the remote receptionist company who screens, transfers and text messages 24 7, all while making your customers feel special. We do everything an in-house receptionist does only better see why thousands of businesses trust us to enhance their customer's experiences. Never miss a customer call again. Visit ruby.com or better yet, call us at eight four four nine hundred RUBY.


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other ais often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know, choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's CAUD e.com and let us know how you feel. The difference


I Get in When you, let me put it down. Love that intro. Welcome back. That easy are back with another episode of the Humble Baddies podcast. I'm your girl, Ashley Nicole. And I'm Rell Rosado. And I'm Alexis Welch Meyer. And we are the humble lady. Hey. Hey.


What's going on everybody? Well, I, who is, who's getting married? It's, it's a, a well-known Nigerian princess. Her mom is, was on Housewives of Legos and now she's a actor. It's her daughter. So we're going to support her daughter while she embraced this new life of marriage. Beautiful. Me, Cheryl. We're out here in Nigeria, living our best nija queen lives right now.


And join out here. What you've been up to, Lex. I had to send off my oldest son to prom. He just asked his date on Wednesday and he prom was on Friday, so we had to get things together real quickly. Went to the mall with him and just got him right and sent him off. So that's two down. I have two left, so I'm crossing 'em off the list. So that was the dope thing. And then I was named Miami's one of Miami's most stylish residents. So I'm one of the cover, I'm on the cover article in Miami Lifestyle Magazine, so I'm representing for the ladies, black women holding it down, You know, so that was, that was awesome to have that acknowledgement and really just to be seen.


So, celebrating that a little bit. Yeah. Congrats on that. Thank you. Thank you. So did, did they have like a, a cover party or something like that? They, they are getting ready to have one next week, but I'll be unavailable to, to attend, so I won't be able to go. But I think they only, it was only about maybe 10 of us that got selected. There were couples and Pharrell And I were the only black folks holding it down, You know, for everybody in Miami we gotta represent. So I'm glad I was chosen, so I was happy to, happy to, You know, show up. That's amazing.


Yeah. I'm, I'm prepping for art. Thank you. Thank you. Next, I think crazy money on everything. So I'm right behind you, Lex. No, it's different for the girls. 'cause it's like with Deuce, I mean, he was just like, yeah, I'm going to prom on Friday. I get my tux pressed and let's go get some new shoes. That was it. I'm like, this is, I'm like, people coming over. Yeah. I was like, are people coming over? What we gonna do? Should we, should I host something? He's my, nah, we just gonna meet here and then we gonna, we gonna go somewhere else with array. I mean, it's a month in, it's a month in advance. It's hair appointments, it's nails.


It's so much more maintenance. So good luck. Good luck. It's already been a headache. We've been, we ordered her dress in January and it's just been Wow. Have you seen like these promposals and the whole, the prom over the top proms and like the car rentals and just the trains and all these things. There's so much that's going into it. And like the little events, like don't they, are you gonna host something to like, send her off? Like, are you gonna do all of that too or anything? She better get a J or B. I'm not hosting nothing else. I'm tired of spending.


This girl is so bougie. She, for her birthday, she took a flight. She went on vacation. Her and her friends, she had a birthday overseas. Then she came back, she wanted to spend time in Miami. We got her yacht. She turned up on her yacht with her friends, had the whole boat decorated. Jeanine, she is, Jeanine, it's, it's too much. I'm ready for her behind to go to college. I sound cha. It does, it does. Thankfully you ask. You have boys. I got boys. Thank God. Yes. I'm ready to splurge back on myself now a little.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah, the ladies are definitely, You know, just, it's, it's a lot more maintenance. And speaking of ladies, y'all see the all female crew that just went up to space and back? Yeah. That's scary. I don't know if I could do it. Would y'all, the video really scroll. I saw that. Did y ever go, you would never go to space? I actually, I watched it live. I did. I was watching it on See it, I seen them screaming. It was scary. I, I don't think I would do that. I jumped outta airplanes And I did everything else, but I don't know if I could do that.


Sign me up. I don't know. I don't know if I need to do that. Sign me up. It feels a, some people work now unnecessary. 'cause I'm sure it costs a lot of money to go there. You know what I mean? Well, I mean, yeah, I think they were saying it's, they just 150 K per seat or something like that. So we're gonna see this more often, I'm sure. Yeah. Well, kudos to those ladies. I saw Gail King. She, she was the only one looked a little scared, You know, when they rang the bell getting, knowing everybody else looked like they were excited to go.


Looked a little scared. I would dar what if Jeff Bezos wife? It dunno what if, when, when I was watching, what's Jeff? Jeff Bezos fiance name? Lauren Laurenz, I think. Sanchez, yes. She was like, they were like, what if, You know, basically if something would've happened, she was like, well, I hope this would, what if something tragic would've happened? We supposed to be getting married. And this is not, You know, if something was to happen. But she was, she was happy, she was excited. I was like, I could not do that.


Like, that's just something, because I don't know what could happen. And I'm not in control of it. So like, I'll pass. I feel like my energy is more like we can, anything can happen walking outside your house or really inside your house at this point, You know, it's something that I, I think I would do 100%. So sign sign me on up. I'm gonna go do it. Okay girl. Well, let us know. Or You know, how to future in the future. In the future. I'm just curious. I'm a little nerd when it comes to that kind of stuff, You know? Yeah.


I'd rather we do something else with that money. I feel like there's so much other things that we can do. I watched a interview with Katie Perry and she was talking about it and it just felt very like, out of touch. It just seemed very unnecessary, very like, I don't know. It was just giving rich and out of touch in my opinion. I thought it was cool that they were all like, it was, it was tons of females. But it's funny, the shape of the spaceship is hilarious to me. It looked like a giant penis.


It did. Have you seen it? Yeah. All these ladies in there taking off And you are right. They landed same giant. It's hilarious. F And they definitely go down in history. Yes, yes. For going to those ladies. Kudos to those ladies for going, You know, I take my hat off to 'em. That's something I just could not do. I'm sorry. I love y'all though. Thank y'all for showing y'all experience live on tv and y'all are the humble babies for this show. Yes, they are.


Let's get into it. The Luxury Black Girl, TikTok. Okay, I'm here for it. I love anything luxury dealing with black girls. What's that about? So basically it's more than just aesthetics and designer bags. It's a whole vibe and a lifestyle movement that shows black women living in ease, peace and abundance. I feel like that's me right now. I just, I'm just not broadcasting and get your black luxury, a black girl luxury.


Yes. We need to see it. The people might see it. You gotta think about it, Kim. Camp routine. Solo trips. I don't take solo trips. If I go on a trip, I have to go. I'm not a solo person. Champagne. Cheers. Okay, brunches sip roll. Listen, we, we have, we have, we have chefs and drivers on call. I feel like we're living that black girl luxury. I, we deserve, we deserve in whatever capacity that is. You know, whatever. If it's a candle at dinner or you splurging on something that you want, is it, is, it is drawing that bath.


I definitely love a solo trip. It's, it's therapeutic for me. So I'm my best self after I tap in and do something that I love, You know, I feel like we deserve. And really just everyone in is in general self love and it's time. So we, it's good to be motivated too. I feel Like, You know, we need to see, we need to see excellence in all different realms, whatever that looks Like. You know, I love to see the girlies pop. They shit. Wait, I, I do, You know, live that la lack of of luxury. Yes. And it players and enjoy.


That's true. So the, the black women are saying, I deserve softness, wealth, rest, and beauty. And I don't have to hustle myself into the ground to, to earn it. It's also about representation. For years, luxury spaces were gate kept and mostly shown through a white lens. Now black women are claiming that they showing that we belong at five star hotels, wellness retreats, high fashion and luxury homes. Two without the apology. But there's been some debate. Is it empowering or is it putting pressure on women to look rich? Ooh.


Hi, I'm Ruby, the remote receptionist who make small businesses feel like giants. We answer all your calls live from right here in the us. We take messages, answer questions, route calls, everything an in-house receptionist does over the phone only better because we specialize in turning every ring into a relationship. Experience Ruby for yourself. Visit ruby.com or better yet, call us eight four four four hundred ruby.


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other AI often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know, choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's CAUD e.com. And let us know how you feel the difference.


Hey, it's Sammy Brown from the Bobby Bone Show. Join me in supporting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital for a chance to win a trip to meet Megan Maroney at the 2025 iHeart Country Festival in Austin, Texas on May 3rd, hosted by Bobby Bones. We're gonna hook you up with tickets, flights, hotel, food credits, and a meet and greet with Megan Maroney. Take action now to support St. Jude and help cure childhood cancer. And you're gonna be entered for a chance to win. Visit iHeart country trip.com to learn more.


Get this Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


What do y'all think? I feel like it's very empowering. I mean, I think it, there's two, two sides of it. I think it can be empowering. I think it's beautiful that we get to see like black women in that representation of living in luxury and living a soft life. I think that's beautiful. We don't, we didn't get to see that. And social media is a platform now that we can like really look into people's lives and see, You know, how they're living. So I think it's great. But on the other side of it, I do think it does put pressure on other women for us to keep up. Like keeping up with the Joneses, You know what I mean? Like trying to one up each other and You know, just do what somebody else is doing.


And I think that it's easy to get caught up in it because You know, of course everybody's showing like their highlight reels on social media, but they're not showing, You know, what they had to do to get it. And some of these women, I feel like they not always doing positive things to get to what they're doing. Like let's be real about it. Like some of these women, right, are kind of heard some stories. The girls going to like do Dubai and You know what I'm saying? And they, they not showing who, whose boat they on, they not showing who's, You know, paying for everything. The pj You know? Okay. So, You know, it's, it's, it's two sided. Like yes we love it for them, get it how you live, but You know, just know that everything on social media isn't always what it seems.


And You know, you shouldn't put pressure on yourself to have something that the next person has, You know, and also I think it's important to romanticize whatever you have going on. Like luxury for you might be something different. Luxury to me is, You know, being in my backyard, being able to just lay out there for, You know, for hours and then just enjoying nature. To me that's luxury. You know, living in Florida to me is a luxury because, You know, look, first of all, living in Florida is expensive, but we have beautiful weather, we have beaches there, You know, so it's not always about, You know, material things or You know, going places.


It's finding those little things at home that you feel like are luxury and romanticizing those things. Because once you start romanticizing and wanting what other people get, that's when I feel like it's not so much empowering anymore. Now it's, You know, it's something else. But I just feel like the mindset of people who, who look at it like saying, You know, or in an envious way, then they need to change their mindset. I'm all about, You know, us showing, showing what we worked hard for because everybody's not blessed. Some people are not blessed to have it. But to be able to experience, I feel like it when I watch someone traveling, traveling somewhere that I haven't been.


And it's beautiful. It just gives me motivation to work harder to if I wanna go there. So I feel like for me it's just motivation And I love to see it because, and I'm, I love to see it so much that I'm, I'm actually showing my kids. I'm showing because it wasn't showed to us. So to be able to experience it, to be able to see it, to be able to see more of us black women being able to travel abroad, it's just be, yeah, yeah, I appreciate it. I'm with you guys. Both of, of the whole empowering thing. But it, it does, it can get a little tricky just because it is Instagram, it is an instant moment that you showcase.


But at the end of the day, people are creatives, people are influencers and it is motivational to where you could like, Hey, you should come travel and do this here. You should go to this restaurant or you should do this activity. It is education at the palm of your hands if you're able to afford it. And it is luxury, it is a blessing living here in Miami. We get to have the, the weather, the beach, these beautiful restaurants and, but it is expensive, You know, and it's like, I, I agree with you also raelle that you work hard, you get to play hard. So it's, this is very much given that we deserve, You know, with this administration right now though, these prices going up on everything, it is just, it's getting ready to be a tough time just with the basics for everyday people.


So luxury will change I feel like in a little bit. It's more like, is it homecooked meals, is it, You know, candle lit dinners? It's gonna be an adjustment period for sure. Just because prices are going up with a lot of things right now. So it could be a little taxing on everybody. Emotionally, economy. Like just very much, You know, it could be, it's gonna be tough, You know, just really trying to adjust to all of this. So, You know, I love to encourage, I love that we are encouraging women and, and men just, and families to really see what else is out there. So kudos to y'all ladies. Yeah, I love to see like the black travel creators.


Do you think luxury content and power? Oh, I'm sorry, what'd you say Ash? Go ahead. No, I was just saying like the black travel creators, like the black girls, I see like going all over different places and not like the typical places that we see. I love following those pages. Like those are one of my favorites to watch. 'cause it's like, look at this black girl all the way over there in Naomi's land. Okay. I'm like, I love that. I love seeing that. Yes, I too, definitely. Do you think luxury content empowers black women to dream bigger?


Or does, does it track them, trap them to unrealistic expectation? Well, I think it's about dreaming bigger. Like you can see it. If you could see it, you could do it. And I feel like the more that we are showing, You know, just content or you showing like, Hey, I did this, it's safe, it's affordable, I did it this way. There's alternates of doing things a certain way or solo traveling couples. It's motivational, a group, You know, You know, getting the ladies together, they're Like, You know, you see what we made it out, the group chat. Those kind of things, You know, it's definitely motivational, You know, so it's just like, I love to see it. I want us to be, to be able to see an example, especially somebody that looks like me or like my children.


Like, Hey, you can attain to do this as well. A lot of it is, You know, we, we compare ourselves to celebrities and You know, all the entertainers and, and things like that. But I think it's good when people can relate to us in a certain way to where they're like, look, You know, I can get there too. I can be able to travel and do X, Y, Z 'cause they wanna see it, You know, it's motivational. So I I I think it has gotten more creative. I, I applaud it. I love it. It's a space for us everywhere. Yeah, I definitely agree. Would you date a man who didn't fit into your luxury lifestyle, even if he brought you peace and stability?


Oh, we, we kind of talked about this, Ashley. Yeah, we did. Tell me y'all thought. What Josh, what did you talk about? What am I curious? Conversation, honestly. Okay, so our conversation, we were talking about combat compatibility in, sorry, my lash was compatibility in relationships and You know, I'm all the way in Africa and You know, this is probably like my, what's my second time coming to Africa in the last what month and a half I've been on numerous trips and You know, people wanna know like, how is that like you, You know, feels at home with the kids.


And so we were talking about compatibility and Phil, he is not like, he's not the guy who wants to get up and travel everywhere, but he knows that I am. And so I feel Like, You know, it's not that, first of all, Phil is very bougie. So when he does travel, he is all about luxury. But if we're talking about, You know, just traveling as a luxury and You know, that being my thing that I love to do, I don't think it's a problem as long as You know, your person understands who you are. You know, as long as you don't get into the relationship And you do a 180 flip on them, You know, like Phil knew who I was when he met me.


He knew I love to travel. He knew I, I'm very spontaneous. I will get up and go at the drop of a dime. So to me, we are compatible even though we don't necessarily like the same things. Not that he doesn't like to travel, but it's not a priority for him like it is for me. You know, I think it, as long as you both know who each other are and your lives fit together the way, You know, they should, when you become one, then I don't think it's a problem. But if You know a requirement for you is that your partner travels with you and enjoys the same luxuries, then as you then yeah, of course I can see that being an issue. So I think as long as you just are upfront about, You know, what it is that you enjoy and if you need your partner to be there enjoying it with you, You know, you just have to, it's all a conversation and knowing who you are and knowing who your partner is.


I agree 100%. I feel like what you see is what you get. And obviously I'm a traveler too, so whoever I end up with is gonna know that that's a non-negotiable for me. Whether it's traveling with my children, whether it's traveling for my, for myself, for work, for anything like that. And the same with that person too. Like, I love traveling with a mate. You know, that's a different kind of trip in itself, but it's definitely about being compatible 100%. And also communication. But I'm not gonna change who I am, You know, it has to be put in the budget, it needs to be put in whatever the conversation is about what it is that fulfills me because this is what I'm bringing to the table as Alexis, whomever I'm with, like match the energy.


And I would love to be with a person that wants to travel and wants to explore and see what else is out there. So compatibility with luxury, all of that goes hand in hand for sure. 100%. And to have that balance actually is a blessing for sure. Right. And that's what I was telling Ashley. I feel like if, if mine didn't like the luxury travel, as long as you're not on me or trying to, You know, boss me or tell dictate where I go or discourage, You know, You know how long I've stayed, then You know, we're fine. But if you're, you're starting to complain about me traveling because you don't like to travel, then there's, there's a definitely an issue.


Yeah. Yeah. And I felt like it, You know, you have to do whatever they think is their luxury too. It's like, it, it's, it's also a compromise. You know what I'm saying? So he'll go on my little trips with me or whatever and You know, I'll let him stay home, do what he wants, but he also will let me go do my own thing. So for me, that's a luxury in my relationship to still be able to go and do the things that I wanna do, You know, so. Absolutely. Ashley Aren and he blessed. That's right. It's a blessing. Yes. It's okay.


What's next? Do y'all think that men respect women with standards or just call us high maintenance when they can't afford us? Ooh. I think the ones who don't have it are calling us high maintenance Ones that don't have it always complain a lot. Yeah, yeah, exactly. That's it. That, that is just plain like, 'cause I feel like who, You know, a man will definitely splurge or want to court or want to, You know, show off or whatever the case may be. So, You know, you don't want anybody who's just very much Like, You know, this is too much or I can't handle it.


Or they're gonna definitely call us high maintenance for sure. I mean, we've read it, we've seen it, You know, it is what it is. But it comes with the territory if you like. I mean, if we can go and have a good lunch and You know, we'd have amazing lunches. That's just lunch y'all for a business meeting or just, You know, traveling to go to Turks to, to do business or show up for whatever the case may be. Little things. I mean, it just comes with the territory who they're, You know, dealing with as well. So of course we gonna be called high maintenance or bougie or whatever the case may be. But I love, I love, I love a ocean view.


If there's a ocean wherever I'm traveling to. So that's what I want to do for myself. And I work hard enough to make sure I'm gonna see the ocean if I'm right there, You know, like that's a splurge for me or things like that. So, exactly. Call me how maintenance worker is, but I know exactly what I want. Okay. I know that's right. Okay. We still want, I need to stay in that pay grade. Not saying they pay grade, they just need to stay at they pay. They do, they need to date your pay date, your, your pay range, whatever you wanna spend. Don't, don't talk about it.


Just adjust what type of woman by, by how you get paid. But don't, don't gas uppity, high maintenance, gold digger, just all those words make me cringe. I'm just like, what do you, You know? All right, so I got a game. It's called luxury or a lie. Okay. I you luxury or a lie.


All right, so y'all tell me, is it luxury or a lie? You can't call it luxury if it's being financed by clarinet or Afterpay. Clarine or Afterpay is like layaway, right? I think so. That's, that's a lot. That's a lot. Yeah. That's not, can't, well no, no, no. Let me take that back. If it's luxury, it's luxury. No matter how you got it, it's luxury. Maybe you wanted to, You know, you had something come up And you want, you had to put that on af af what did, what do you call it?


Aftercare? Afterpay Af. Yeah, Afterpay. What, what is it exactly? Is it like layaway? You put, you pay on it and then you get the lecture luxury with clarinet and Afterpay, you can go on the Chanel website and purchase Afterpay. Chanel Max. Yeah, it's a lot. That's not luxury. I think it's, I think it's, I I feel like, And you gotta pay that on low weight. It's, it's not luxury. So it's like if you put no, what, let's put it like this, since we're talking about travel, like flights and hotels, luxury hotels. If you put it on, okay, you put it like that, like that, okay, then yes, that could still be considered luxury.


'cause them flights expensive as hell. I looked up them Paris flights to go see a Beyonce. In June child, the tickets was 10,000. I'm, we have, is that the first class? Yes, girl, sign me up for the after pay, honey. Because what, so you pay after you attend? I dunno how I'm about to sign up. Actually, I, I might be, it's like, it's like it's, they, I've seen it before. It's like you paying installments, you paying.


So like, but you don't get it until you pay it off. So to me, by the time you pay it off, whatever the case may be, it's like credit, no. Like kind of, no, I overpay for whatever it is. I think you have the, it's kind of like, yeah, it's like a credit. It's a, it's like a credit card without the credit. The card Beyonce need to do her tickets on Afterpay. 'cause them motherfuckers was high too. This whole situation is, is expensive. Okay. All right. Next one. She live a li a like a lot for luxury every day. You can't be a luxury black girl if you work a nine to five A lie.


That's a lie. That's a lie. Who said that? That's a lie. And my Porsche. That's horrible. That is a horrible, yeah, that's horrible. I was living a luxury lifestyle working nine to five. Now I work longer than nine to five. Just to maintain. Yes. And, and in order to have that nine to five, you gotta give vacation time. You gotta have self time. You gotta get away. You gotta relax, you gotta, You know, we, we working really mu we really overworking ourselves. We working to live instead of living to work. It's a difference. You know, it is not the same. So you working hard, take your, take your time off.


All right, next one. Having a roster of men who spoil you equals main character energy, a roster that spoils you, gives main character amongst single ladies. Y'all got a roster, main character, energy though? I mean, I am the main character. I would hope that I would be, You know, to me a roster equal that. Mm, it's about roster. I mean, so basically the ro being is paying for everything.


Yeah. You got a roster mask, spoiling you, buying you everything, paying your rent, paying your car note, taking you on trips, buying you bags. So that means you are living in luxury and you're giving main character energy. I didn't say that. That's what they said. Oh no, it's, that's a little something. I mean, see I can, I feel like, I feel like that's, that's not luxury for me because I don't like to, first I don't like to depend on a man. And that's temporary. Like why would you want a group of men paying for everything that's temporary?


What happens when all you get older, all those men, You know, fade away. Now you experience, you ain't, you're not experiencing that luxury lifestyle no more. Now it's hard for you to really make money because you have been so codependent on these men taking care of you. Yeah, it's a temporary tax and they having a rock. That's a lot of work. It's a lot of work. You know, it's just, and then, You know, obviously if they're giving something, they want something in return, whether it's time, whether it's affection, whatever the case may be. But like, I, I don't think I would be accepting someone to like, take over my, like my, my my payments or whatever the case may be.


I don't trust like that, You know, I, I understand like what Shell is saying. I don't wanna depend on that, You know? So that wouldn't really be, I mean, so I guess would that be a lie? I mean, but we know, we know people who do this, You know, this is how they survive. I'm just not gonna depend on it. I don't want to, it becomes financially like abusive at that, at that independent. Yeah. It's not, it's not Next one if he flies you out, but you're in Spirit Airlines basic economy. Is that luxury? I mean, you getting flu out?


I had that happen. I didn't have that happen to No, you didn't. Not on the spirit. I was eating rum noodles. Girl. I got on the spear. I was eating rum noodles. I, I had my little coke. I had my little spirit package. My little spirit started package. Well, did you think I'm not gonna hold the big seat in the front? The big seat. I was about to say, I didn't even have the big seat. I didn't even have the big seat. I had a regular seat. He ain't love you, girl. I mean, it's tough. I feel like the men that are attracted to us assume it'll be first class or business.


But I feel like at the same time, I, I'm gonna go and pull up on somebody that I, I Like, You know, I'm gonna go pull up on him. Whether it's a train, a car ride, whatever the case may be. If I like you, I'm gonna pull up on you. Yeah. If I can get there, I'm cool with that because I mean, sometimes, okay, Lex question, would you, okay, your man lived in LA it would take a four and a half hour flight on Frontier Airlines. There's no internet, no wifi, you can't text, you can't stroll. And there's no first class seats.


Definitely need to be some kind of, that, that would be tough. Not front frontier spirit, not going cross country. I, I wouldn't be able to do it. I'd rather honestly, You know, upgrade. That's not true though. I'd rather upgrade myself. No, I rather, I, now, Now you said a long flight. That's different. That's a long, now a quick flight to really, but you said no internet, no recline. I'm, there was no, there was, I was a autonomy. No internet, nothing. All the flights were booked out and the only thing that was left was a frontier flight. Okay. I'm, I would do it.


'cause I, I'm, I'm about that life. I'm gonna go, I'm th it out though. I'm, I'm be th it down. But, but what if he, but what if there were other seats available, but he purposely got you the economy, You know? Does that make a difference? Are you like looking at him different now? Yeah, I'm looking at it, You know. Yeah. I just say, I always say this. Don't introduce me to I'm definitely something you can't make. Yeah. But I will pull up on you.


You know, I will pull up. All right. That's it For our luxury or live games. That was cute. That was fun. I'm gonna to do that again. That was cute. That was cute. Yeah, that was.


Hi, I'm Ruby, the remote receptionist who make small businesses feel like giants. We answer all your calls live from right here in the us We take messages, answer questions, route calls, everything an in-house receptionist does over the phone only better because we specialize in turning every ring into a relationship. Experience Ruby for yourself. Visit ruby.com or better yet, call us eight four four four hundred ruby.


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic, because it just feels different where other AI often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know, choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com. And Let us know how you feel the difference.


Hey, it's Amy Brown from the Bobby Bone Show. Join me in supporting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital for a chance to win a trip to meet Megan Maroney at the 2025 iHeart Country Festival in Austin, Texas on May 3rd, hosted by Bobby Bones. We're gonna hook you up with tickets, flights, hotel, food credits, and a meet and greet with Megan Maroney. Take action now to support St. Jude and help cure childhood cancer. And you're gonna be entered for a chance to win. Visit iHeart country trip.com to learn more.


Get this Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives, but are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


All right, so our next topic is Michelle Obama. She sat, she's setting that record straight. She's choosing herself and not divorce. On the last episode of Work in Progress, Michelle Obama finally addresses the growing rumors about her and former president Barack Obama heading for a split. But instead of confirming the gossip, she flips the script. This isn't about divorce, it's about rediscovery. With her daughter's grown and her White House duties long behind her, Michelle shares that for the first time she's prioritizing herself. But why is a woman choosing herself still such a radical concept? And why did the public jump straight to divorce? Just because she wasn't by oxide?


What do y'all think about that advertise? I mean, they showed something where it was showing Barack walking into a, some type of establishment with another woman bar like, like recently. Yeah, I think I didn't see that. I missed that one. So is that where this kind of sparked the whole thing, or this was just in general that's didn't see that what I'm thinking because You know, I, I was scrolling through the blogs And I seen where they had a video footage, so maybe that's where the and the divorce rumors came from saying that I'm supposed to send on my That's what I'm, I'm thinking.


Yeah. I hate, I really hate that she had to even just say anything. I mean, we obviously don't know what's going on behind closed doors, but at the same thing, again, I hate that she had to say this only because she is doing what she wants to do. Right now we're talking about Michelle Obama, the former First Lady in my eyes, she's always the first lady, and so is Barack. So this is what she's doing. She's great with motivation. She's, she's a great mentor. She's, we just look up to her. So regardless of whatever's going on in her personal life, I just think it's amazing that she is doing what she wants to do. And I love seeing her in this space of where sh we can see her personality.


Like we, I feel like she was muted, low key being in, You know, the White House and being, You know, having to be the first lady of the United States of America. So now she can really, we can see her personality and it's really low key, just kind of like disrespectful in a way that people are coming at her like this. Because it's like, look, I don't have to fit in this box that y'all want me to be in. Like, I'm gonna show up for my people. I, I have my girls, I have my life, I have my education, I have my job, I have my books, I have my tours. She got things going on and low key with security and national. Like, she gets security forever and her girls are grown.


So like, do you, to me, it's very much her turn. And I feel like Barack is very much a, You know, supportive husband in that way of just like, it's your term. Like you sacrifice all these years. For me, they met when they were like, he used to work for her. So it's Like, You know, it's your term babe. Like you sacrificed for me. You sacrificed everything, your freedoms, just these little things we take for granted. So now she has the freedom of speech to really just, You know, be herself And we getting to see her personality. And I, I like it. So shout out to Michelle Obama. You know, I, I I I like her a lot.


You know, I think it's definitely time for her to focus on herself. Yeah, I think she, it's, it's definitely time for her to focus on herself and people shouldn't speculate like, oh, it's a divorce because she chose to focus on herself. I mean, You know, she supported Barack while he was in, in office and it was all about Barack. Now, You know, she had her book came out, it did great. It's time for her to foc. I mean, they've been together for years, for years. So now it's time for me to take a, a ride in the front seat adequately seen as a trouble in the marriage because it's outside the norm.


It's not normal, but she's not normal. Like, let's be real and it's 2025. Like, things shift. You know, there's gonna be times in any relationship where you working right now, I might not be, I might be following my passion And you might not be right now. Vice versa. It's a growing process. I mean, they have been together for so many different periods And I mean, I bet you week one when they were starting the date, he was like, he, I bet you he was not like, Hey, I'm gonna run for president one day. You know? So it, it came with adjustment time. It came with them really getting on this bandwagon together and really be, it happens.


And so she low key, You know, put herself on pause to really support her husband, which is what we do. So this is the first time you're seeing this man that has been such put on a platform to be very masculine and very much dominating to be like, my wife is gonna do what she's gonna do and shout out to Like, You know, even Joe Biden for example, his wife, Dr. Jill Biden was still teaching. She was like, I'm still gonna teach, I still gotta go see my students. I still wanna go to be at teach at the university, so I'm gonna keep doing my, what I'm gonna do. So I'm here for it. You know, it definitely is a double standard whenever it comes like that.


But, You know, Michelle Obama is a boss, so boss, boss, let's go and get it. What a young Yeah. Cheer. Yeah. I mean, I think she is probably just being who she's always been. I'm sure one of the main things that attracted President Obama to her is who she is as an individual. And like you said, Cheryl, I think she probably was, You know, or I don't know if she, Alexis, you might have said it, that she was like muted, You know, like she's been not in the background, but she hasn't, You know, she was busy supporting Obama and everything that he was doing. So now it's her time to step out and do her own thing.


And I think they've shown us that they are a very supportive couple. I don't, I, I mean, even if there is a rumor, I just don't see them divorcing. Like, I just don't see that from them. They have been through something that nobody could imagine. Like he was the first black president. You know what I mean? I just, they would, that legacy is something special. So to have a divorce, I just don't see her even entertaining that. She, like, I feel like what she's doing is just gonna con she's focusing on herself, which she should absolutely do. And I think in marriages like you, there's, like you said, Alexa, there's times where you just focus on yourself and there's nothing wrong with it.


There's nothing, doesn't mean there's something wrong with your relationship. It's just a time for everything. Some, some, some things need more attention and effort at different periods in the relationship. But do you think that we glorify the superwoman behavior in women, but then punish them when we say that they need a break? Mm mm That's tough. That's the deal. Ooh, that was, that was a great question by the way. I always, I always say like, I don't subscribe to that superwoman, You know, idea.


You know what I mean? Like, I wanna be great at everything that I'm doing, but You know, I'm only human. I'm not super human And I don't want anybody to like hold me to that standard, You know what I mean? I'm doing the best I can sometimes, You know, I need to take mental health breaks. Sometimes I need to, You know, let Phil take the lead on parenthood because right now, whatever I'm going through, You know, I need to focus on something else. I don't know. But I don't subscribe to that. I just feel like that's a, that's added pressure and weight on me that is not needed and it's not necessary. So I think it's very healthy to know when you need a break, because how can you take care of everybody in a healthy way if you don't take care of yourself?


Like, we all know that you gotta take care of yourself first. So I don't subscribe to that superwoman, but I mean, I know though personally people that I look up to, women that I know, that I absolutely, I look at them, I'm like, damn, y'all are really superwomen. 'cause y'all out here killing it, you doing this, this, and that. So Like, You know, I'm, I'm saying that I glorify them, but I definitely give them credit, You know, when credit is due. And I can definitely see it in other women, Like, You know, when they're just giving their all a hundred percent. Every time I see them, they are really just, You know, it's inspiring, You know, it inspires me. So, not that I glorify it, but I, You know, I see it.


I don't support, it's not something it, yeah, I support it, but I don't think we should like, push women to be that, You know? Yeah. It can get real exhausting, You know, especially when you factor in children and so many roles that we play that we are nurses sometimes we are the valet service, we are drivers, we're tutors, we're all these different, we wear many hats. And so Like, You know, it does come off like, it could be like superwoman or whatever, but it definitely is a, a stigma of like, you should take care of yourself and Right what you said, Ashley, to recognize Like, You know what, I need a break because it gets overwhelming. We run ourselves so thin, we get unhealthy, we start snacking on bad things And we don't take care of our health.


We miss appointments or these things because we're putting everybody before us. So I feel like it should be more of a movement. And I love this movement of like self love. Take your time out, talk to somebody, hang out with your friends, just to have an outlet where you're just not working all the time because people are working, You know, whatever their shift is, and then turn around and have to work at home and then, You know, or whatever the case may be. So it's just like, it's good to have that balance to really just like, take the time and breathe and relax and take care of yourself. Because what, without that then everything falls apart. Everything, You know, the household, all of that.


That's true. Y'all know, I'm big on that. Yeah. Are women still expected to sacrifice personal freedom once they become wives and mothers? And why hasn't that changed? I don't think you should sacrifice, You know, personal freedom like Lick said. And You know, we are big on speaking on that in order to take, to provide for your family or take care of your family and your, You know, your kids, your husband, everything. You have to take care of yourself first. So when you sacrifice that, you start seeing a, a bad pat pattern, like your, your, your behavior, You know, how, how you move, you start hating things because you're not taking care of yourself physically and mentally.


So yeah, I think, I think that women naturally sacrifice, You know, for their children, for their husbands, for their families, because we are just nurturers and You know, we want everything to be good and everybody to, You know, thrive and be comfortable. So, You know, when we start sacrificing too much, You know, to where we lose ourselves, I think that's where it becomes a problem. So I think there has to be, You know, a, a balance you could say when it comes to it, You know? But I think sacrificing like personal freedom though is, is a bit much, You know what I mean?


I know there's a lot of women who feel like once they get into a relationship, You know, they gotta do whatever they man say they can't go nowhere. They gotta, like, that's a lot to, to sacrifice. And in this day and age, You know, there's a lot of women and relationships that we can look up to that are thriving and they don't have those specific demands. So I think it is changing, I think it is women are doing more for themselves. I think it is changing too. Especially just because you're like, this is who I am. And to find a partner that is gonna support you and You know, really be there for you to like, this is, this is what I need to do for myself.


And people need to, I feel like we just have to do more personal days too, where even if you are feeling good And you feel Like, You know what? I need a day just to re, You know, for myself, I'm feeling good right now. We need to encourage more of that. And just those personal days of just Like, You know, stepping back because it's a lot, You know, we live in a world of, again, I instant gratification, showing things off and per like, it could be family traditions of having, You know, certain standards for your household. So it's a lot of pressure that's outside of your space and outside of your home. So you have to take care of your mind and your heart first again. 'cause everything else will fall apart, You know?


That's just how I feel. Yeah, that's true. Thank you. Okay. Well ladies, y'all gotta what? Remember to keep yourself first. Choose yourself first. Take care of yourself so that everyone else can get taken care of. Yes. Period. And the partner that sees you, You know, just knows who you are and vice versa. Like, allow them to have that space too, because that needs to be encouraged also, Like, You know, do something for yourself, whatever that, that might be on both ends. Yeah.


Hi, I'm Ruby, the remote receptionist who make small businesses feel like giants. We answer all your calls live from right here in the us we take messages, answer questions, route calls, everything an in-house receptionist does over the phone only better because we specialize in turning every ring into a relationship. Experience Ruby for yourself. Visit ruby.com or better yet, call us eight four four four hundred ruby.


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other ais often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know, choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's CAUD e.com. And let us know how you feel the difference.


Experience vibrant senior living with award-winning services at BrightView Senior Living Communities at BrightView, our residents enjoy resort style amenities, daily programs, exciting social and cultural events, and delicious chef prepared meals. But that's not all BrightView. Residents also enjoy complimentary transportation, safety, security, and high quality care if needed. BrightView Senior Living communities. Learn more about the possibilities@brightviewseniorliving.com.


Amazon one medical presents. Painful thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids' play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in Nevada bacteria catching whatever coie of the day is breeding in there. A coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon One Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever ball pitis you've contracted. Amazon one Medical healthcare just got less painful.