
This podcast is sponsored by IQ Bar. I've got good news and bad news. Here's the bad news. Most protein bars are packed with sugar and unpronounceable ingredients. The good news, there's a better option. I'm Will and I created IQ Bar Plant protein bars to empower doers like you. With clean, delicious, low sugar Brain and Body Fuel IQ bars are packed with 12 grams of protein, brain nutrients like magnesium and lion's mane and zero weird stuff. And right now you can get 20% off all IQ bar products plus Reshipping. Try our Delicious IQ bar Sampler Pack with seven plant protein bars for hydration mixes and four enhanced coffee sticks.


Clean ingredients, amazing taste. And you'll love how you feel. Refuel smarter, hydrate harder, caffeinate larger with IQ Bar. Go to eat iq bar.com and enter code bar 20 to get 20% off all IQ bar products, plus free shipping. Again, go to eat iq bar.com and enter code bar 20. Hey, I'm up. Welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back. You guys we're here with another episode of Humble Baddies. I'm Sharelle Rosado.


I'm your girl. Ashley Nicole. And we are are Humble. The humble. What's that, Zane? This is our first episode without our girl Lex. She had some business to take care of. So Ashley and I are holding it down and we got you Will. We'll see you next week. Y'all tune in. Lex will be back with us. But for now, you got us two holding it down all the way from Nigeria. That is crazy. Yeah, we have our big day tomorrow. A big wedding. Yes. I cannot wait. We already got our dresses custom made. We got our galas ready. We gonna have hair and makeup.


We gonna have, we got a whole camera crew coming so we y'all can get the content. Like it's gonna be big. I can't wait. I don't know. I tried on my dress, Ashley, and I don't dunno how to eat and Legos. Do it like the corset. I can't move girl. Like I feel like stand there and my stomach is pushed down. Like, how the hell y'all do this? Hold your breath and just stand there and be cute. But Ashley, we're gonna be there from three tonight and You know how the Nigerians party? Yeah. You can't sit down in your address. I can't sit down. The dress is long. I'm gonna use the bathroom. Like it's a lot of things.


I didn't think about the bathroom part. I didn't think about that. Yeah. Okay, we'll figure it out. Don't worry. We gonna figure it out. We gonna figure it out. But, but make sure y'all stay tuned because we are gonna give y'all live content on what's going on and how the ladies and gentlemen, gentlemen in Nigeria get down when they get married. Yeah. 'cause it's a whole vibe. And I'm here for it. Yeah. I can't wait to show y'all. I can't wait to share everything from tomorrow. I'm excited. So let's get into it. Until tomorrow, y'all stay tuned. We're gonna get into our first topic today. Your man, your secrets. Should your bestie know it all?


Ooh, that's a good one. That's a good one. Alright y'all. Let's be real. Relationships can get really messy, emotional and sometimes hilarious, but when things happen between you and your man, do you keep it locked down? Or is your bestie the first to know I'm guilty in my previous relationships that I have talked to my bestie about things that happen in my relationship. So tonight we're diving into loyalty boundaries and sometimes blurry lines between friendships and romance. So what are the rules if there are any, before we get into it? We're gonna have a spiller chill basically still till it's basically Okay.


I'm gonna ask a few questions. Would you spill it to your bestie or keep it on lock? Ah, okay. Let's do, so it's just a little icebreaker before we get into the topic. All right. He gave you the worst birthday gift ever. You gonna tell your friend or you gonna chill out on it? I tell my friend. 'cause You know why my friend could help him next year in getting the appropriate gift. You know what I'm saying? Like I feel like maybe he needs need a little bit of help. And I feel like that's not that deep. So I would definitely spill tell the bestie to help, help help my man out. Please help. Help him out. So help fill out please, Lord. I listen. I remember that happened because you remember it was Serenity's birthday and Phil brought the boys to Chuck E.


Cheese. And we was talking about, so of you was like, Phil got me these shoes and I didn't like it. I really wanted these shoes. And I threw a hit. I threw a hit to Phil. I was like, Phil, I had on the shoes. I was like, Phil, Ashley really want tho these shoes right here. Yeah, girl, you, I, Phil is the one who needs some help. So I'm definitely spilling to the bestie. Go help fill out because he don't be knowing, he don't be knowing. God bless him. It ain't be I, I feel like it's the guy sometime they just do whatever, like, and unless you tell them, Hey, this is exactly what I want. Yeah, they just, whatever. I feel like that's something though that, You know, is it's okay to tell the bestie, You know, when it comes to the rules and what you do and don't like.


I feel like that one is, is a good one. We good to go with that? That one? Yeah. Okay. What's next? What's the next one? Oh, this a good one. He accidentally calls you by his ex's name while having sex. What should I say? Okay baby. People have to guilty outta jail because what? Yeah, no, that's unacceptable. And I, no, I would be too, that's embarrassing. Honestly, I'm not feeling that because quite frankly I'm embarrassed that you would even do that.


And like now I need to figure out our whole situation. Like why are you thinking about her? Why is she on your mind? Like, it's so much stuff I gotta go through in my mind. Like I'm not, I'm not feeling that. I'm not feeling that. Yeah, that is definitely embarrassing. I, that's something that I definitely would not say. Have it ever had? Well you only been in one relationship. Really. No, it hasn't. Thank God. It has never, thank God it has never happened to me. Yeah. Uhuh, we we not spilling that though. That's embarrassing. Absolutely not. That's crazy. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well we just won.


We're gonna chill and keep that one to the side. He gives you gift. Gift That screams last minute gas station grab. Yeah, I'm probably spilling. 'cause why? Ew. I gotta tell somebody like I'm upset, You know what I'm saying? And I don't wanna be like the nagger and sound ungrateful to him. So if I gotta, You know, nag and You know, be upset, I'm gonna tell bestie and let her, let me vent real quick. I'm, yeah, that's, You know what, that happened to me before. Not the GRA gas station grab. What he The girl gas station. The gas station flowers. Oh no.


It was so embarrassing. Which Chad? No. Oh, I didn't like flowers. It was the worst. I ain't even meant to put they business out there like that, but it was horrible. Hmm. I tell you, after we get off this, okay, well yeah guys, do not go to the gas station to get No, not for nothing. Unless you filling up our tanks. We don't need nothing else from the gas station. Okay. Gas station. Exactly. Don't pick us up now. We don't even need to sit it down. No, I'm, thank you. I'm good. Thank you. No, thank you. Sex game is horrible. You feeling? Or you chilling?


Ooh, horrible. I would probably chill until I just am good on it. You know what I'm saying? Like, I want sell my bestie immediately, but at some point I gotta spill. 'cause girl Uhuh not him coming over here with this weakest sex game and thinking he probably think he all that in a bag of chips. Like absolutely not. No, I'm stuck. And you'll be the main ones. They'll be the main ones. They having like big dig energy and it's not given so no. Have have one little, sorry, little move and it's horrible. Yeah. Real bad. We spilling, we spilling, we spilling all of that.


Yes, definitely. Okay, let's get into it. Do you think it is healthy, healthy to share everything about your relationship with your best friend? When is it, when is it okay to vent and when is it crossing the line child? I mean, I feel like y your bestie is special. So I feel like there are things that you can literally share with your best friend that you can't share with your husband or that you can share with your husband, but it just won't hit the same, You know what I'm saying? Sometimes you're looking for something in a conversation with, You know, someone and your bestie is the only person that can really, You know, meet you where you're at.


You know what I'm saying? So I've learned that. You know, I just try to, when it comes to like relationship stuff, like it's, if it's between me and Phil, like specifically if it's something that I feel like, You know, he wouldn't want me repeating to anybody else, I definitely wouldn't share that. You know, if it has something to do with, You know, our personal business, I'm not sharing that. But also I think there's, it's smart to have like other married friends because sometimes they're going through like the same things that you're going through and keeping those things inside. You know, it could be a disservice when your friend might have gone through the same thing as you and you could easily just like let them know like, hey, this is where we're at, this is what's happening, but you gotta make sure that those are the right people for you and the right people that you can confide in.


Right? So I think it's just like a slippery slope with who you decide to like share your business with. But overall, I think that it is probably not the smartest idea to share like everything, You know, you didn't really gotta, it, it, it's certain things, You know? That's true. I feel like, You know, lesson learned for me in my, my previous relationship before Chad, I was betrayed by a friend where, You know, they ended up messing around because I overshared too much information and the husband and the friend. Yes. My ex and the friend girl had a whole situation.


Yeah. Oversharing information. And it's like, like you said, you have to be careful who you share your stuff with because every friend, you can't treat the same. So I felt like going through that, it created me to not trust, not be, not to be able to open up to my friends because I took what she did on everyone else and it put a guard up. Yeah. So it's like I'm very, I have I your guard. I have a guard, yes. I'm very guarded when it comes to who I talk to about, You know, my personal relationship or it was hard to get over. Yeah. Like it's something like, you would never think that someone so close to you, never that you call your friend that you took in would betray you and go behind your back and do things when you vented to them about things you went through.


I Think you do have to guard your relationship though. Like you are supposed to protect your marriage, You know? And so you aren't supposed to go out and just be sharing everything willy-nilly. You know, not even with your best, best, best, best, best friend. They don't need to know everything. But I do think, You know, if there's something that you're going through and you seeking advice and you feel like this person like is somebody you can confide in and that you can trust, then yeah, absolutely. But we have to be very careful. You're supposed to protect your relationship, your relationship with your husband is everything. So I'm sad you went through that because girl, it was, oh, that's crazy.


And I was pregnant. Her ass like, what happened? Like how did you move off? I tried to, I called my, I called my sergeant. I was like, y'all gonna have to bail me outta jail. I was pregnant. Oh. I went over there and tried to kick down the door. That was in my, my heyday. I was still in the military. I was like, You know what, I have so much going on. I can't risk what I have going for this foolishness. But it was a lot to get over. Yeah. I I bet that's a lot. That's crazy. Yeah. The bad. Okay, but let me ask you, what about the opposite? Like what about telling your husband things that you and your best friend have talked about?


Like do you Pillow, pillow talking. Exactly. I feel like it's rules to that too. It is. I cannot pillow talk because I, speaking from experience when I was younger, I used to pillow talk and, and and say things that went on in my friendship lives and they start to look at them different. They start to judge them and it's like, at the end of the day, this is my friend. But they assume that you're gonna do the same thing that they're doing because you, so it's exactly, I wouldn't do it anymore. At the age that I'm I'm at now, what goes on with my friend life, it's her business. It's not my, You know, my partners. Yeah, I agree.


I don't, I don't like the pillow talking. I have, I feel like I have friends who tell their husbands everything and so then it makes me cautious about what I share with them. You know what I'm saying? It's like, well wait a minute 'cause I already know you finna go back and tell your man, You know what I'm saying? And I don't want him looking at me crazy and I don't want my conversation to get out to nobody else. I don't know who he talked to. You know, like it's just too much. So then it's like, damn, that kind of messed up with our friendship. 'cause I can't really open up to you like I want to. But yeah, I definitely, exactly. It's so many relationships. I'm sorry, go ahead. No, go ahead. Go ahead. Now. It's so many relationships that have been ruined just from pillow talking.


It's like people don't understand, like you have to draw the line and there has to be boundaries set when it comes to you and your friends discussing information about You know, your partners and vice versa. Yeah. You discussing information about your friends to your partners. Also, it's not even a turn on for me. Like if it was to sit down and wanna have a whole conversation about like, girl shit, I will be looking at him sideways. Like, why are you even interested in what me and Keisha was talking about? Like, ugh. Like no, this is girl business. This is girl drama. Like why do you care like that? And I will say, sometimes I do get excited and I'm like, no, guess what? Da da da da. And he'd just be looking at me like, bitch, I do not care.


Exactly. That's a good, exactly. So yeah, I feel like men need to stay in men's, You know, business. Don't be in the women's business. Okay. It's not sexy. Yeah. I don't like that at, at all. It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself.


Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms. Not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.


Have you, Ashley, have you ever regretted telling your best friend something about your man? Yes. Yes I have. But not actually, we weren't married yet, You know, but that's the thing too. It's like, You know, you don't, I didn't know I was gonna end up marrying this man. I done told all the man business, You know what I'm saying? So it's like, yeah, I mean I definitely regretted so you just have to be careful because now me and her are not best friends anymore. You know what I'm saying? So it's like now they got information that I don't want them, You know what I'm saying?


Repeating and it's just like, You know, so you gotta be careful. I wonder how it is. Like we always, it's easy for us to vent to our best friends in regards to things that are going on in our relationships. But we never look at it like how would a man, how would we feel if our male vented to their best friends about us? Like would you take it some type of way? I think Phil did be venting about me. I think he probably has. I feel like I've stressed him out to a point where he's needed to vent, but I don't know why he vent to them.


'cause I don't feel like they can give him good advice. So whatever they told him, it don't even matter. But, right. I think it's, I think men should though talk to their, their guy friends. I, 'cause I feel like they don't normally, I feel like they try to keep things in. They wanna be a man and not vent and open up and I feel like they should get it off your chest. You know what I'm saying? Because I'll call my friend real quick and be like, girl, forget Phil is getting on my nerves so bad. He over here and getting on my nerves. Like, You know, I do that all the time and I feel like I know I can be annoying. So I feel like, You know, Phil should probably go vent to his friends every now and then when I get on his nerves. And I mean, it's for his mental health.


You know what I'm saying? I would rather, I would definitely rather for my partner to vent to his male friends. Yeah. And than to anyone else, or a stranger or a female or whatever because Oh no, definitely not. No female, it's, it's hard for men, first of all, it's hard for men to communicate. They, they don't like communicating about what's going on in their relationship. They would rather hold it in. Right. And I feel like it, it just gets worse. But to just let it out, even if your friend can't, don't even give you any advice. But for him to, for him to be able to let it out. Yeah, it's a good thing. It's tough. Yes. Yeah. So I'm not mad if You know, yes, my partner won.


I said my partner, like I got a part. You got a partner? What's the next subject, girl? What's, we'll get into that later. What's the next one we gotta get into? So, alright, so we got we talking about Hot Girl summer versus Healing Girl Era. Which one are you and Sharelle? Ika. Well that's my new name. Ika. Which one you now I think I'm transitioning from a little new girl era to hot girl.


Summer to New Girl era. I, I, it's like a rollercoaster ride for me because just a couple weeks ago a was like, I'm not dating, I'm not doing anything and I need to, to heal. I needed to heal Ashley. Okay, so, so your past, your healing, your Healing Girl Era and now you're in your hot girl summer era? I am. Okay, tell me more. Tell me more. So then does that mean you're dating you outside? I started outside and, and You know, outside, I just can't be outside. Outside is not for me.


Okay. Okay. It's not for me. All right. It sad. So are you outside living your best life or inside journaling and drinking tea with your crystals? Today we're talking hot girl Summer versus Healing Girl Era. And yes, it's okay to be a little of both, which sounds kind of like you Sheika. Okay, good. Yes, girl. Okay, so here's the game. Is it hot or healing? Okay. So let me know. Number one, blocking your ex after a glow up photo.


Photo drop. Is that hot over healing? I ain't gonna block if I have a glow up photo drop. You gonna see all this greatness over here. Yeah, you need to see, you need to see, you need to stick so hot. You gonna get that hot girl energy without being blocked. So that's hot. Yes. I think that's, I Think you should though. I think like when you go through a breakup, you should like get a new hairstyle, You know what I'm saying? Go to the gym, like start, You know, getting back into yourself and then post that shit pop out. You know what I'm saying? Sometimes you gotta pop off and show period. Okay, I agree.


So that's hot. It's hot and healing. That's be healing too. Yeah, I think so. All right. Saying no to plans to protect your peace. Is that hot or healing? Healing. I would go with healing for that one. Yeah, that's definitely healing. I need to, I mean, I'm not going through nothing but like I feel like I need to learn to say no. I feel like I be saying a yes to a lot. So that's like something I need to work on this year that's the same. It's hard for me to say no because I'll be like, okay, okay, I'll come to Nigeria shy, no problem, I'll be there.


Say last. It's just a quick flight. Okay. Alright. Looking a solo trip after a breakup, is that hot or Healing? Healing? That was me. Yeah. I was going through healing stage. I was just booking trips. It still is, which is why I'm in the predicament I'm in right now. Having to be over here in Nigeria and go to the embassy to get an emergency passport. It sounds like you might be a little hot. Hot. You hot if you gotta do all that, it's, and it's still hot. All right. It's giving both, I mean I think healing can be hot.


Like you could be out, You know, trying to find yourself and that could consider being hot, but it's a part of your healing, right? Some people heal differently, some people need to be outside, You know, so, but do you really think that's healing or is that just being outside? Because I feel like being outside is just a coverup, a temporary fix for you to get, try to get over what you're, what you went through, but it's not healing what you went through. It's just at the end of the day, once you come back inside, you gotta deal with what you've been facing. Yeah, for sure.


I think that could definitely be a coverup and not dealing with your problems. But sometimes I feel like people who like hide inside are doing like more, You know, it's, it's hurting them more, You know, hurting them more. Yeah, that's true. Sometimes people don't lean on other people. They end up, You know, afraid to meet new people and guard their heart and You know, aren't open to, You know, just meeting new people and new opportunities. They just completely shut down and I don't think that's healthy either. You know what I mean? No, I think You know, it, it is probably a balance of the two that's needed.


That's true. I feel like for me, I can't be on the inside all all day. Like I have, I'm a people person. I have to be around people and You know, going through what I went through that I felt like traveling, just traveling, just getting out and enjoying the world was, it was very therapeutic and it helped me a lot. It helped me learn who I am and just learn what I wanted in life and in a relationship and not being able to settle or compromise for things just because this was good but I, my value was in this and this is what I wanted from a man more than this.


So it just made me re reevaluate what I wanted in a relationship. So do you feel like, would you recommend like traveling and dating abroad, is that something that you would say made you open again to the possibility of dating and finding love again? So what made me open to dating? First I had to heal myself. I had to make sure, You know, I was good, I was healed and I wasn't bringing any negative or insecurities into, You know, anything new that I decided to get in.


I did fasting, You know, I got back into my Bible. I felt like I was pulling away from, from God and just, You know, fasting, getting, getting back closer to guy and focusing on work, traveling that just cleared my mind and cleared my head space and, and just gave me more, more motivation to get out there and say, You know, you can do this. It's not the end of the world. Like your work, the you, you don't stop just because of this relationship ended. Yeah. And there's so many people out, there's so many beautiful, amazing people out there that's gonna, You know, give you what you want, treat you how you wanna be treated or even better.


So after I heal myself, I decided to, You know, I was traveling and you testing the waters, I'm testing the waters a little bit and I'm, I'm liking these waters. I'm liking this, this temperature over here. Okay. Okay. Okay. But your breakup is still there. You like relevant, like they still post like your ex and you, like I just saw on Hollywood unlock like couples that You know, which couples would you like to see? Get back together and I see your face and your ex. So how does that make you feel? Like, do you think that, does it make you rethink like maybe, You know, you could get back together or like what does, how does that make you feel?


I feel like, You know, I don't know what the future may bring. If, if, if it was meant for us to be back together, then it would happen. If not, You know, I wish my ex the best and of course You know me to move on, but no, no, ill will over there. Yeah. If it happens, it happens. If it don't, it don't. I feel like you, we still share a beautiful child. Yeah. You really, I mean you been handling this whole thing with grace. 'cause the people be coming for you. They be coming for you on the internet. They do. But You know, people Aren outside Sharelle people only say outside Sharelle. So you can't, it's not for me to fight what people think.


Right. Yeah. What they assume. So, I agree. So how do you feel is different? Because obviously like you're open, you're traveling. So how do you feel is different dating people that are not in the United States? Like, is there a big difference? I think it's beautiful. That's not this question. 'cause I'm living through you right now and the people wanna know. I, I wanna know I'm the people. So I feel like I, the interview, what happened to this bit. So we'll do that. So we wanna know how is it dating men that are not in the us? Is it different? Is it better? Like dating Amen. Dating Amen. Okay.


Dating. Amen. Not in the us I mean, it's beautiful. It's something different. Like it's excitement. Of course every new relationship or a situationship is is exciting in the beginning, but it's just, it's something different. It's fun. And I feel like it's, we're just both enjoying ourselves. I'm having a good time. But what would you say is the difference in like their, is it their culture, their customs, how they like treat you? How they talk to you? Like what's a major difference that you would say between the two?


I feel like they are raised to know how to treat and cater to a woman. Like my, my biggest love language is, You know, sharing with gifts, affection, You know, touch. And so you get all the above. All the above. Yes. That's beautiful. Okay. It's, it's very beautiful. Okay. I can't complain right now. I'm, I'm enjoying the moment. Yeah, well I love that for you. I mean, I think, I mean, I'm watching you and I'm whipping through you bitch and we just putting all my victims out here.


I wasn't ready for this Ashley, I was not ready for this. I didn't be talking about, I felt like he was, I mean the people wanna know. I wanna know. So it is what it is, child. We can talk about something else now. We don't gotta keep talking about your ex and is y'all gonna get back together? We can move forward. Okay. Yeah. So that's where we at. We want to bigger better things. It's beautiful. We're in new countries, You know what I'm saying? And I'm actually traveling. I'm, I'm traveling, I'm going to South Africa next. And then, yeah, and then back to the states. See, and y'all going all over the continent. I love that. I feel like we match each other energy.


We both like the same things in life. So that, and he's a business, very business savvy. So, so y'all, I mean, we'll see goals we're just very compatible. Very compatible. He is marking off all the checks on all the boxes. Okay. Alright. I love that. Okay, back to Humble Baddies. Now you, I'm gonna as sexy. I'm sorry. I just, the people sweating like girl, I'm, I'm, I'm be texting you like big, the people wanted to know they that.


Alright, where we got next? Let's see. So You didn't ask me all these questions, You know, I lost now we were supposed to be talking about what is girl that's hot, hot girl summer, really? Versus what is the Healing Girl Era? Thank you for getting me back on track. Sorry. Okay. Okay. So what is the hot girl summer really about versus what is the Healing Girl Era? Well, I mean I feel like you kind of skipped over Really? You didn't have a hot girl summer. It ain't even a summer yet. Like, you ain't even have that. I feel like you had your healing time, which I saw, like, you were really like, no, I'm not dating nobody, You know, I need to focus on myself.


Like you said, you, You know, got back into your Bible, you was fastened. Those are all like very healing things and those are things that I feel like we should all do, like on a regular. Like we don't have to be going through nothing to get back to those things. Exactly. Those are like important things that we should just always be doing. There's always something that we can heal from and, You know, gain from that. But hot girl summer though is fun. And I'm looking for them friends too. Where y'all at? Where my homegirls that wanna have a hot girl summer because I'm be living through y'all too. Listen, I I feel like you can still have a hot girl summer with your man. Yes. I, I feel that way.


I feel that way. But I think it's different when you're single though. That's true. Because I had a few times where I went out and I had little girls trips while I was going through my healing era and we turned up we had a ball. Yeah. But it's just, I feel like it's just too much. Like it can be draining as well. Having too much, spending too much time on a hot girl summer because you gotta understand, you lose focus. Like trying to be out here. To me, I'm all about business. Like I feel like I ain't making no money. I can't be out here having a hot girl summer too much. I'm missing out on money. I can do it every, You know, test the waters, but I gotta rear my behind back in like, let me get back to this.


Yes, yes, I agree. It is a distraction. It is a distraction. It can be detrimental if you don't reel it back in, but I ain't mad at it. Okay, so what about stereotypes versus reality? What are the stereotypes of what hot girl Summers, I feel like the stereotypes of hot girl summers, people think that, You know, it's all glitz and glam. Like, oh, you're just out here living your best life. I wish I can just be like you, like you have no worries in the world.


Like when I did test the waters for my hot girl summers, I still had to go back and take care of things back at home. So it's like what glitter's not is what glitter doesn't is not gold. So you me showing out for Instagram, oh, I'm out here partying, this, that, and the third, I still still have a lot of shit I have to handle. Yeah. And that's what people try to realize. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Like if people can look at it and think like, oh, she's having so much fun. Like they broke up, but look at her, she out, she having a great time. But you still gotta go home and be by yourself and like, think about like, You know, what are my next steps? What is it that I really want? Like reality sets in and it gets real.


Yes. And I feel like you do, like, I'm not gonna lie, I'm going through it. I went through a emotional rollercoaster. Like I'll be outside, but then it's time to come back in and I'm in my bed crying. Like, I ain't got miss this. Like, what, You know? Yeah. I'm being honest. I was going through all that. Yeah. And it's not easy, but just being outside is not gonna heal what you went through. Yeah. Can these eras co-exist or do they clash? They definitely clash. Yeah, that's what I was saying. I was outside one minute at night. I you lonely in that bed, like Yeah, well been in tech late at night.


Yeah. I feel like, I mean, You know, I'm obviously not going through a breakup or nothing, but I feel like I still have my moments of like when I need healing and when I wanna be a hot girl. You know what I'm saying? Like, sometimes I just want to be at home in my backyard, in the sunlight, You know, just take in time to myself. You know, I need to just regain my energy and regain and remember like who I am because I've been out in the world so much and You know, I've been focusing on other things that aren't necessarily, I would say like who I am deep down inside, right?


When I get out and I'm, You know, going out to events, going to parties, You know, showing up to places and being around all different kinds of people and energies. It takes a lot out of you. And at the end of the day I come home and I just feel depleted. And so after like, You know, weeks of that, sometimes I feel like, girl, you need some healing. You need to go home, you need to go to church, you need to be around, You know, certain people who, You know, fill you back up. So, You know, right now I feel like I'm kind of in both. I feel like I can take a little bit from, You know, my healing era and my hot girl era and right now that's all I've been eating.


One minute I need a little this, I need a little that and I'm good to go. A balance. Yeah. Yeah. You have a good balance. Yeah, exactly. So that's where I'm at right now and I feel good about it and I'm appreciative that I have, You know, the support system to be able to do that. And whenever I need to take time for myself, I can. But I think, You know, as women, we need to do both at all times. I think we need to at all times be in some kind of, do some kind of healing and we need to do something where we're just something that excites us. Something that's like girl spontaneous and fun and brings us back to, You know, not everything needs to be so serious and just have the time.


You know what I mean? Yeah. You still, I feel like, You know, you gonna go through what you go through, but there's a balance for everything. You just have to be able to make sure you balancing that right. Yeah. Balance is important. I don't wanna get kicked out, Phil, put my ass out if I do too much hot girling. Exactly. Look, I be like, Ashley, make sure Phil know that we are good. Yeah. I don't want you. Yeah. But shout out to Phil. Phil be Phil is a real one. We was talking about this today. Like, Phil, go make sure he gonna make sure you good, you safe everything, what's going on, how the surrounding is. But he gonna let you have your, your girl time. He do he do perhaps a big Phil, uncle Phil.


Yes. Yes. All right. So when outside isn't the answer, let's talk about the pressure to always be on in the summer. It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms.


MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com. I feel like summer comes around and everybody's like, where are you traveling to? What are you gonna be doing? Let's get a boat this weekend, let's do this this weekend.


Let's go to this party. Let's, and I just be like, whoa. Like, that's a lot. You know what I'm saying? I haven't, that's why I was thinking I haven't experienced that yet. Like really? I did a a like for the summertime, this is gonna be my first summer that, You know, that's gonna be like that. But I just like to do my own thing. I can't, I feel like it's too much with trying to keep up with everybody trying to be on, You know, I don't like taking pictures. I don't like being out there like that. So I think it is just this time it's gonna be me. If I wanna be on, it's gonna be because of me, not because of, You know, people trying to bring me out or, or whatever.


I'm gonna balance it. Okay. Too much hot coming for me, ain't it's, I'm gonna fall off the map. Yeah. I can't do. I agree. Balance is key. All right. So when do You know when it's time to pause the party for personal growth? When the money starts slowing down. Yeah. That, that, and, and you see a change in you, like all the, the great values that you bring. You see a change in your business, you see a change in your income, you see a change in your family life. Like that's when you, it's like, okay, it's time for me to focus more on, on my personal growth because my, what I'm, what I'm putting my energy in is the wrong things are in the wrong things.


Yeah. Yeah. I agree. I mean, I feel like you can feel it too inside. Like it's something inside of you. You start feeling different, you be known. And sometimes we ignore those feelings and we gotta start paying attention to those because those are the things that's gonna save us every time. Like, we need to listen to our gut, listen to our instinct, listen to the, You know, when we hear that like, girl, you need to go to church. Go to church. That's God talking to you. You know what I'm saying? We need to listen to those things. All right. So what's one thing you're doing this summer for your soul? And one thing just for the vibes.


Oh, ooh. One thing that I'm gonna do this summer for my soul, You know what? I'm gonna bring all my family together. I'm going back to Columbus and I'm gonna bring all my family together and just celebrate and You know, You know, just have fun. Spend that time with my grandmother. She's getting older. I just want that family time, that family vibe. I was looking at old pictures and I, I posted a few on Twitter and I was like, I miss this time. Yeah. And I just feel like, just going back to the roots, spending time, because I'm a family person. I like to be around my family, like to be around people.


I just want to have that energy back. Just being able to catch up with all my cousins, my aunties, my grandmother, and just having a good time. So this summer I plan to take a trip back home and get all the family back together and just have a good time. Okay, well let, and then for maybe we'll come and, and for one thing, for, for the vibes, I'm gonna do a trip with the girls, myself, Chad daughters. They still my babies and my daughters and my, my niece. We're gonna go to Dubai. Okay. Boy. Yes. Y yeah, we're gonna do a little pop. That's something. Do that. Real cute.


Okay. I love that. I love that. Well, I'm going to, for my soul, I kind of feel like I've already started like, You know, I got my chickens, so I got 10 new little chickens, little baby chicks. And I'm getting a fabulous coop mansion built for them. Okay. To mention that you're living in absolutely only the best for my babies. And I feel like this is me just getting back to who I am. You know, like I am very much like, I love animals. I love being outside. I love nature. And I feel like I've kind of gotten away from that.


And You know, I try, You know, I try to do things here and there, but I really need to put more intention into that because that's really who I am and that's what really brings me joy and happiness and peace. So just me starting my own little, not, I'm not gonna have no whole farm, but this is like the beginning of me getting back to who I am. So that's what I'm gonna be focusing on this summer for my soul and for the what else you gonna bring. What else you gonna bring to the, to the backyard, Ashley? Because I got a feeling you gonna bring some goats or something back there? Yeah. Still dunno it yet, but I would love to have little baby goats. I would love to get some swans.


I'm gonna start there. Just goats and swans. That's like the next things on my list. Black swans. Oh, that's coming. Cute. Yeah. Okay. So that's for my soul and for the vibes. So I wanna, actually, I can't say that 'cause it's a surprise, but, and probably watching. Yeah. So I got some things, You know, coming down the pipeline, some ideas that I wanna do for the vibes. The vibe's gonna vibe regardless. I really need to focus on the soul part and make sure I get that down first. So that's where I'm at. Okay. Okay.


It's storming here. You hear that rain girl? Yes. I hear it crazy. All right, our next topic. Our next topic is we, we have a segment where we can get DM questions from our fans and the Via DM Every week we're gonna start taking questions via our stories. So if you have any questions, make sure you follow us on IG Humble Batty podcast to ask your questions. Our producers will, will randomly pick five questions for us to respond to. So let's get into it. Let's get into it. My name. Wow. My name has to be first. Actually, I'm not reading this. Can we skip past that? No, we're skipping shit now. Hold on.


I don't want this to die. Say it's not charging. Hold on. Let me make sure I'm good. All right, I'm good. Not the camera following me. Okay. All right. I'm ready. What's the question? Sharelle, I see you are living your best life. How were you able to move on and live life? I think I answered. I told you the people wanna know. I think I answered that. I mean, I, I took time out to heal and focus on me, You know, and now I'm living your best. I'm happy. That part, I'm, it's real good too, y'all Okay.


We already answered that one though. Oh, okay. Oh, we did. Not a question, but I tried the pop rocks and he loved it. Oh. Ooh. Not the pop rocks. You done got the people on the pop rocks. I'm telling you. Listen, I got so many dms saying thank you for the pop rocks. Like, I, I'm surprised people didn't know about the pop rocks trick. I don't know. I don't know if I like the pop. The pop. You didn't like it? Oh, it's too much going on. It was like, I have to concentrate.


Like I'm not You making sure that they pop out. Yeah, it was a lot. I was like, ooh, this is a lot happening. You can act when you're a beginner, Ashley, you can't put too many. You probably put the whole pack in your mouth thinking you were finna do some tricks. I shouldn't have did that. I shouldn't have did that. You can't put the whole pack. Okay, well, nobody, it equal to no directions on the thing. It didn't say, nobody told me, but I'm glad it worked out for this person. They loved it. All right. Please share with us your worst date ever. You got a worst date.


I went out on a date a long time ago and the guy caught declined and he was getting sweaty. I guess he thought the money hit. This was when we was in the military where, You know, we you get a paid a day early. Yep. And he thought that, You know, his, his money hit and the money then he till the next, the day till midnight and his card declined. And I had to end up paying the bill. Oh no. That's embarrassing.


I hope don't. All right, well let's speed this thing along. All right. How about some Humble Baddies? Mel? Ready? What we got today? Let's see. This the one I need. Hey ladies. Okay, I got it. Hey ladies, I need your unfiltered no holes barred advice. The title is My Girl Got a Girlfriend. What? My wife and I have been together for 13 years. Solid history. Love a life built. But over the past few weeks, something felt off.


I did some digging and turns out she's been cheating. Mm mm mm That alone was enough to wreck me. But what, what really threw me, the person she's cheating with is a woman. When I confronted her, she didn't deny it. Instead she hit me with a, there are things that woman can do that a man just can't. Now I'm spiraling. Do I walk away from this relationship after over a decade? Do I try to join or open the relationship or do I listen to her needs and let her have a girlfriend on the side while I say her husband? Ladies, what would you do?


Be real with me. Where is he coming from? He ain't even say his name or nothing. Damn. Listen, that's embarrassing. A little bit. Like my manhood would feel a little attacked. Yeah. Because it's like, you not just cheating on me, you cheating on me with a lady. Like, but he may, some men may think that's a turn on. But for you to say there are some things that you can't do that a woman can do, that means you don't want no part of me. Sir. I'm gonna need you to give her that same energy. No, she said, she said that. She said that there are things a woman can do that a man can't.


But I know. I mean, I guess the girl can get a strap one. Yeah. She's telling him that he can't, there's some things he can't do that the woman can. Right. That is, that's like what? Yeah. No, no, no. 'cause the woman, the, You know what's funny though? 'cause one of my friends, she, she's a lesbian and she was like, baby, I come, I can bring what your man can't bring. I come in different sizes, different colors, different shapes. I have a hook. I can't, I'm like, but see, I don't even get that kind of lesbianism because like, then just get a real one. No, she, she be, listen, she be selling these girls dreams.


She tell 'em what? She hit 'em with that line. And she be pulling, girl, did you take this? This man's woman, my girl, I ain't even gonna put her name out there. But did you take this man's office? That's crazy. I mean, I don't know. I won't know. I would say, no, this is cheating is cheating. Whether it's a man or a woman. And I think, yeah, You know, y'all have to address that, first of all. Second of all, like you need as your lady, your wife, like, are you a lesbian? Have you been a lesbian this whole time? Like, is this something new? Like, I feel like that's a conversation they need to sort out, because then that changes things.


'cause if you're not into men, then what we doing? Like why are we to like, what, You know what I'm saying? So I feel like there's a few conversations that need to be had, but ultimately, like she's cheating on you. And to me, that's the ultimate disrespect. That's the ultimate. Like, You know, I just think that it is, cheating is cheating, whether it's with, it doesn't make it less cheating 'cause it's with another woman. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I, I definitely think that she's over the relationship from what she's saying to him. Or she's taking him for granted and he just needs to, You know, be a man. Sounds like, You know, she don't even respect him as a man anymore to even say those things, to even step out like that.


So. Right. He need to file for a divorce. Yeah. And teach her behind lesson and get someone that can appreciate what he bring and what he do in bed. Yeah. I agree. Well, I hope we answered that question for him because he don't need to go ask nobody else this. Don't tell nobody else. Don't go tell your best friend. Don't tell nobody. This is Yeah. Pay anonymous, sir. And go get that divorce that, yeah. Yeah. Expeditiously. Absolutely. All right. Do we have time for one more? Yes. We got time for one more.


Okay. Let's see. Dear Humble Baddies, I've been absolutely loving your podcast and your unapologetic real talk approach to relationships. So let's dive into something that's often gets brushed under the rug. Open relationships. I've been with my man for a few years and neither of us is interested in a marriage for many reasons. I love him, but I have outgrown him. I need different things from our relationship. But he is not stepping up to the plate. I don't want to end our relationship. But I have some, but I have been considering asking him about having an open relationship so that I can still get those things that I don't get from him and maintain our relationship as well.


I would love to hear your thoughts on the subject. She sound like she want that polyamorous type relationship. I mean, I she want her too. I think, You know, it's cool that she's, seems like she knows what she wants. 'cause I feel like a lot of women don't know what they want. It's like they know they wanna be in a relationship or they know they wanna be married, but what are the things, You know, like what are the specifics that you want? And it sounds like she knows, and the person that she's with don't got those things, but she cares for him a lot. So I feel like at least she knows that this person isn't giving her what she wants and it doesn't sound like she wants to settle.


And I think she's open to sharing her thoughts about that with him, which I think is awesome. Now, if that person don't seem like the person that would be open to having a conversation like that, then I don't even Think you should go there with them. I Think you should just let them go and, You know, 'cause that might break them. They might think you're their world. They might think that you think that they're, they're your world too. And so I feel like that conversation could go really bad, really quick. So, You know, You know, You know your partner and You know what they're open to talking about and how open-minded they are. If they're open-minded, then I would say have the conversation.


But if not, just let that man go. Just let that man go. I, I feel like she's been, I respect her for coming to him before venturing out and having a conversation. But it sounds like she want, wants her cake and eat it too and present it to him. If he's, if he, this is not what he's asking for, then you have to move on. You can't continue to play with his emotions. Yeah, but be careful because that's a serious game to play with. Be careful what you ask for because when he start venturing off and doing things, are you mentally prepared for that? Are you ready for that? To see the man that you are, that you love with another woman loving on another woman?


Maybe she wants one of those relationships where it's just her with multiple boyfriends and not him with multiples. I don't know. I never understand the rules with these open relationships. It's not for me. I don't know. I don't know what you can and can't do. I don't know. Oh no, it's my phone. It's just gonna die. Okay. All right. I got 5% left, so, well baby, have the conversation. We wish y'all the best, but you cannot expect to do what you wanna do and, and strangle this man alone. Yeah, I agree. Figure it out and figure it out quick.


Well, we thank you guys so much for tuning in. Our girl Alexis is out. We thank you guys. If y'all have any questions, y'all have any concerns, y'all have want any advice from us, make sure you guys hit us up. Humble Baddies podcast. Until next time, we'll see y'all Monday next time. I'm Asha Nicole, we out love you, Follow and subscribe. It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging.


And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great.


Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di dot.com.