
This is an iHeart podcast. Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere. But are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting, resources, unable to scale? Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. So you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's create. Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy.


Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts. Also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they f-ed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4.


So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself at Designer Shoe Warehouse. We believe that shoes are an important part of well, everything, Everything, everything from first steps to first dates, from all-nighters to all time personal best. From building pillow forts to building a life, Building life for all the big and small moments that make up your whole world. DSW, SW is there, there. And we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at brag worthy prices at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


What up? What's up with Okay, like girl sex. I was just listening to her. I said it's Little Jam, but she talk about sex. Yes. Yes. Let, yeah, let me put this down. We gonna have to let you do a remix on that Porsche. Oh God. Here you go with your mess again. True. Because the people need to know that you can blow girl. Let the people get, You know me organically, friend. Let me, let me, Porsche, listen, I'm trying to be your manager. I know you, I'm trying to take us to the next level.


Say, I know I'm your vocal teacher. Yes. Her vocal coach. Oh my goodness. You said or she, go ahead and show them a little note. Some, some things you learn in my lesson classes. Yeah. From you. He on time. God. Hey you see I From you? From you? You heard that? That when that check that check when that check, when that check come in. How that, how that note gonna sound.


It may not come when you up, but it be right on time. Right on time. Child. Please. I'm not finna hit no note for you. You not finna harass me to death. No you not. It'll pop up when it pop up. Wait time. See, I can't, I can't do it. I've been teaching you so much i's what I got from you. What's up y'all? We bad. Happy with another happy episode of Humble Baddies. We got our girl pee in his house. What's up Portia? Hey friends. Hey Lex. Hi.


I missed you girl. I haven't seen you girl. I've been cooking it up. I see you. I need to come get me a plate. Come through. I always say Ma casa Alexa is always open. Always. Well, well sexy select Porsche's coming down for the concert so we can, we would love to see if you have time in your, You know, busy schedule to throw. I'm so busy. Quick meal. Oh yeah. I have some tortilla soup right now on the stove. You know, a tortilla soup we on Damn tortilla soup. You know, that's, that's all my tortilla soup. It's funny. All my chef friends were saying Watch, everybody's gonna want you to cook and by the time you get home from cooking, you don't wanna cook like your own people hit us with.


Want you to cook everything y'all. That's what I have on the stove right now. That's what's going on. No, she cooked for me when I was pregnant. She bought it to set while we were filming and I was so grateful because I was starving that day. You know, I'm starving usually, but I was starving that day and my girl pulled up with a plate. Girl smashed, just warmed my little pregnant heart. She made me so happy. I said, now how did You know I wanted this? Because I know I've had to done this four times. Yeah. Okay. I used to love when Portia was around me because it gave me an excuse to be a big fat. So I would order like 3D from three different restaurants and act like I'm her.


That's the truth. Lemme tell you. I'm gonna tell you what she always start with. Royal always start with Wingstop. Always, always, always. Flat flats. Always flat. It got to the 0.1 time, I think we, we, we were filming that day and it was like 11 o'clock my girl had Wingstop. Okay. Then we went to the next scene and she ordered wings at the, at the golf course. And then we went out that night and she got wings. And I looked at her, it's 11 o'clock at night. I said, bitch, you done have wings three times in the span of Yeah. And she didn't even realize it. She was like, for real? I'm like, yes. That's why I was so juicy. I big, I looked at the show, I was like, oh, I was big.


I had a whole, I done lie to you if wing stop, if somebody don't cut the check. 'cause you keep them people in business. You hear me? I I do. I definitely do. Like they need to cut a check wing. Stop. You introduced me. Now I be going flats in a extra crispy extra seeds than they, I have that extra seasoning. I know the order. Yes. With a Dr. Pepper so I can burp. Good. Not burp. Good bye. Sharelle is that we consider you like a cheat meal. That's your cheat meal will be Wingstop everyday meal, girl day meal. But the thing about it is it's not good for us. I work workout heavy but I do not have a meal plan.


I do. I eat whatever I want to eat. Well that's the balance, right? Same. Since you work out, eat what you want to eat. Yeah. I don't deny myself anything ever. No, that's torture. Who wants to torture themselves? I mean, it's not torture. It's more like discipline. I just don't have much of a bar. It's no sugar, no sweets, no this no that. You gotta no seeds. I'm gonna taste wants like that. I'm gonna taste, I'm gonna indulge. I gotta taste. You gotta taste. You cooks see what's going on. We don't have to overdo it. You know, everything in moderation. But that's not, Ooh, ooh, we stop three times a day. No moderation.


Yeah. That's not good. I had a cheeseburger at DI's baseball practice. It was so good. It was a smash burger double patty. And You know from there, from there? Nope. Or you ordered it from someplace in Tampa. I read the reviews. You know when the, when the smash burger is good, the, the bun is buttery and grilled to perfection and they get stuck at the top of your rim. Popular opinion. I think the smash burgers are overrated. I don't know why people are obsessed with a little dry patty like this dry don't. So you like you thick and juicy. Un thick and juicy. There you go. There you go. Sexy Lexie.


But, but that's why you gotta get double. You gotta get two patties. You can't get the single smash smash burger. You gotta get the double. The whole point of the smashburger is to get that crystallization like that caramel. I'm sorry, the caramelization on there. So like you have a little crunch from the Yeah, the crunch on the outside like a brown egg. Right. I get it. I'm just saying. I just don't think it's the beans knees like everybody else do a nice thick Peggy like thick moving on. Well it is hump day. It's hump. Alright you guys, let's get into it. We got some juicy topics to talk about today.


And what better way to, You know, start it off than started off with our boy Antonio Brown and his crazy self. His crazy tail steal. Say it time Portia tell steal. So I'm out of the country. Ain't no more child support. Tell your mama to go get a job and tell me your mama tweeted this on X. He done, he done wrote it on X. Tell your mama to go get a job. I'm outta country. So a apparently allegedly Antonio Brown is being charged with, what is it? Attempted murder.


Attempted murder. I don't know. Don't quote me on that. I just made that up. Is that, I think it is something like that. Okay. I'm there, but he's out of country. Out of the country. No one knows where, where he's, where he is. But he's tweet, he's tweeting on X and his tweet was, I'm out of country. Ain't no more more child support. Tell your mama to go get a job. Child support is still popping. Okay, by the way. Well he feel like as long as he's not coming back to us soil, they ain't getting a penny from him. So she needs to go work. You might be right about that. What they gonna do if he don't plan on coming back?


Yeah. So he's basically as rag as it is, he's, he's left to like not come back and get these charges, right? Is that what the, what's going on? Yeah, he running from the law girl. Yeah, I Think you need to go to Thailand, like all the other criminals, You know when they be doing the activities, they haul ased, Thailand, straight in Thailand, they go to Thailand, You know what I mean? They go to bomb and doing kumbaya and yoga. You good for a couple of dollars, you see charged crimes. So let's get into it. Antonio Brown was once an elite athlete and Super Bowl champ. Now he's allegedly dodging attempted murder charges, child support in reality, tweeting from foreign country, like he's on vacation and not on the run.


What happened to the greatness we saw on the field is this ct, CTE, narcissism, mental health breakdown or all three? All of the d all of mama who? Daddy, I'm gonna say it's D all of the above. Just because, but You know, who are we to diagnose anything? He's always been having outlandish tweets and this behavior and really been disrespectful publicly with his, You know, the mother of his children. Definitely. And so, You know, what are they, what, what are some of the stands? You know, if it barks like a dog, if it quits like a duck, it's, You know, whatever a the dog and a duck.


Yeah. Whatever. It's so this is his pattern. Are we surprised? No, I'm not. And low key. He's absolutely right. You know, the ladies need to go on and see what time it is. You can't depend on him. I wouldn't, I wouldn't depend on him even after the first time. You know what I mean? It's like, shame on you, shame on me. And you keep doing it. Like it is what it is. So to me, this is a pattern of behavior. You can't excuse it for whatever it is. Yes, he should be taking care of his kids. But my advice to these ladies would be go on and get, go, go handle your business on your end. Whether it's the court or whatever to get whatever he has left in the United States.


I don't know. I mean, what they gonna get outta, they can't get, get outta them. If he's smart then nothing. And then he's still popping out. He's still getting women pregnant. These parties, women still getting pregnant by this. Yeah, this man. Yeah, he got something. I don't know what he got. I ain't heard what he got, but he got something. He got something the day after. 'cause I'm eating. I mean, maybe he done popped one of them pills and went him on them not the pill. Sure. You know what I think, I think this whole situation is, for lack of a better term, very raggedy.


I do understand him running from the law, You know what I mean? Like that just, he run from the law, but the child support thing. Take care of you. Take care of you. The extra little dig was be like, Ooh, you got something sitting on your heart for that lady. Like yeah, they used to run deep because you've, you literally have bigger fish to fry. Take care of your kids though. Why are we worried about that? Like, that's the biggest thing. Like, you go, yeah, you are already on a running, you worried about child support. Not even that. You're worried about child support. You are worried about the, the public dig. You know what I mean? Just pissing off your baby mama. That's crazy. You are more worried about that than, than all of the troubles that you have. But yeah, let's normalize people taking care of their kids.


Yeah. And that's that. Yeah. Sorry, I'm not sorry. It was rude. And and this goes to show you, you gotta be careful who you let down with, but when did it, it just switch with Antonio O' Brown. Antonio Brown used to, he, I never before in his prime times, he's still a, an amazing athlete on the field. But when he was playing, but it's like, when did that switch turn for him to be so just Kanye, Kanye West Jr. He hung out with him. I mean, I mean, and the trickle effect. I don't know. Who knows?


I don't. I I never knew much about it. Sad situation. I'm not a sports girly. I know him and my husband have the same initials. They used to talk and hang out sometimes. And that's all I know. I don't know anything else about him other than like, You know, sometimes he'd get on the internet and he liked to say crazy stuff. But I just thought that was just like for the shock effect, for the wow of it all. Just, wow. I don't know. I don't know what he's actually like. I don't know. It's giving a little problematic right now. A little, A lot. I'm trying to be nice. I'm trying to be nice.


So at what point do we stop excusing chaos as unhealed behavior and start demanding accountability, especially from bl black men. We once rooted for Like, who is it? Who is gonna, I mean, I don't know. Is he even able to be pulled apart? Chaos. Huh? I ain't accepting no chaos. Yeah, I don't like that. I'm not So he's detrimental. It's detrimental. It's a triple effect to his children and the caretakers of his children. And we're not excusing anything at this point. You know, he is a grown man. He's making these decisions and he is tweeting, he's, he's, these are his statements.


These are his quotes. This is how you really feel. So I think everybody can benefit from a little therapy that's, yeah. Everybody, black men specifically black men with means specifically and people still look up to him. That's the crazy thing. I just wish like it can be accepted that, okay, somebody who's close to him, Hey, sit down and talk with him. But maybe he at least try to talk to him. Don't be afraid to talk to him. At least you he on run girl. It's, it's he on the run in the wing King's on it. It, no, I think we're beyond that.


We'll pass the sit down. The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need. Because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM let's create, Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed. The ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal.


Congratulations. You are a better driver. And that means you could get better rates with route insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just to slam on their brakes or the lead foot speeding to work every day with Route Insurance. You'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the route app. Drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's route Insurance terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review. See route.com for tells.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on it up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and other protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and agreed listen. They admitted they effed up and I bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one Miss anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed.


So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited Premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid. Get 15 15, 15 15. Just 15 bucks a month. Sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of network and fees. Extras mobile com.


Well hopefully, Antonio, you get it together, my brother. Pray for you friend. Yes. Now let's get into our next segment. Ooh, this one boy, she was, people was on on B Simone. Oh, orange B Simone and her bestie. Support me or stay silent. Be Simone's former best friend revealed she was struggling, broke low emotionally drowning, and B, didn't call, didn't check in, didn't help. Now that she's healed and glowing, B Simone seems resentful. Why? Okay, so let me just say that the TikTok is so fired up about this.


I haven't even watched the whole interview, like the podcast, but I feel like I don't need to because every other swipe, they're talking about these, these three or four main clips of it. But even from the clips that are shown, I don't get the sense. So ironically I'm, I don't know a lot about her. Like I don't follow her. I don't follow like her career. So I only know what, what I've seen on like Twitter and, and, and all that stuff. And the people social media because You know, just little stuff that we happening, it's like they're taking like accumulation of all the things that she's done over the years and they're just like, they're like building a case. That's kind of what it looks like, right? So the clip where she's talking to her friend, she wasn't saying like, I guess the headlines are very, You know, she's not supportive and she's going broke and she's this and she's that.


But if you really look at the clips, if you really look at the clips, it's her home girl who was telling her that she was down bad car was getting repossessed. She didn't have anywhere to go. Like she was just in a really bad place. And she was saying how she, You know, she resented her B Simone at the time because You know, B didn't help her or she didn't, You know, she saw her helping other people or writing checks for other people or helping other people up but then didn't help her. So she had some stuff on her heart like yeah, You know, I was down bad and You know, I felt like, I don't know, like maybe she just should have helped her or whatever. And I saw a very interesting, one of the only perspectives I saw from this vantage point is somebody said, I think it was Kayla Nicole, I think she said, people don't know what it's like to be the rich friend or the rich family member.


And basically we don't know if the girl had even asked her for help. We don't know who b could've helped that day. We don't know if if if she was down bad. Because if you are down bad and you the person with the money, you definitely not telling nobody. You know what I mean? It's just like it was all, and it made so much sense to me. 'cause I'm like, here I am. I've seen this clip 40 times today. I still only know this much information about it. Yeah. But it's probably the most talked about thing this week besides the, the potential war. Talking about it like crazy. You know what I mean? Yeah. And I, I appreciated that perspective because it's like, what if she didn't ask and how would she not know she was down that bad?


Right. If best friends, You know what I mean? But see that's the thing I feel like, and I'm guilty of it too, I feel like, You know, if you don't tell me, I don't know because we have been in, in that light, you have so much going on, you already alone yourself taking care of family members, taking care of other people, trying to help the community, whatever, whatever it is you are doing. So your friend, you're not expecting them to be down. I mean, unless you ask me for help, I don't, we can't read mines. We can't read. Yeah. I can't read Moms closed mouths don't get fed. And I think probably, I don't know the situation, but maybe her friend spoke about it and was telling her how, what she was going through, but never asked her.


Like you said portion maybe she never asked. And that I think that's the problem. Like we, the communication come in at and it can cause a lot of, You know, without communication it can cause a lot of confusion, confusion, whatever it is. So looked like it was the first time she was hearing it, like it was, yeah, this was happening to me and I was my car. That's my job and have your money and da da da B Simone, Jesus. They're like, hmm, my God. Like she, like, she didn't know. So I don't know if she knew, but then I was also just like, damn, I feel like if my best friend was really down bad like that, I would, I would know.


And it wouldn't be, I don't know, I don't know. Maybe that was just her interview style, like her actively listening. But it looked like that was the first time she had heard that information, which was, You know, strange. Yeah. It's, it's, it's a tough position to be in when you are, You know, the breadwinner in a, in a group setting and everyone is looking for handouts and they can get you on the, the wrong day. You know, the first time you say no is like you never said yes. You know what I mean? I, You know, I know we've all dealt with this over the years with family members and I, I know for a fact like, You know, to pay bills if somebody's like, oh yeah, it's, when has ever a bill ever been the exact amount?


Like $700, right? Tell me exactly what it is. $672 and 54 cents. You know what I mean? Like, so we, we we've, over the years we have definitely been through like getting people starting up their businesses and paying this bill and getting them out of this jam and just this one time and You know, so it's just, you can get somebody on the wrong day too, unfortunately. And again, if you're not talking about it, we cannot read minds. We don't know what's going on and there's always somebody asking for something regardless, You know, it is a tough position to be in, You know, but at the same time, when you're blessed to be able to give back or to help, you're there for a reason.


Now, I don't think it's be Simone's fault that she didn't, You know, help or whatever, but we don't know the situation if the friend didn't did ask or not. But now you see B Simone is now in a position where she's like, I can't even help if I wanted to. I'm trying to help myself out. So, You know, it's just, it is, it is tough. And she, the friend even said it what a little resentment and a little heaviness. She said, I saw you give give to others and I needed it. But the, but again, I don't know if she said anything. We don't dunno. So that's a good point. I'm have to watch your friend. I gotta, I got, I have to, I need to watch the whole thing to really get an understanding.


But because the comments are overwhelmingly, overwhelmingly biased, like, oh, I would never let my friend struggle. And it's like, well we don't know if that's what happened. Yeah. But I mean, I also wouldn't let my friend struggle, but I'd imagine that my friend is probably not the only person that I'm helping financially. You have to have support. And then at that point, like what's enough? Like what, what's, what's a help? Like, right, a thousand, a few thousand, 20,000. Hey there person, I'm in here to save you as a friend. I can't save you from. And she said, car lost a job. This, that's big.


You like, now I need to get you a car or help with the first couple payments, then I need to help you. You know what I mean? Or co-sign or whatever the case may be. It's like, I would've definitely helped always one thing. Sure. But I also feel like we just, we just don't know enough about that situation. But then it was also interesting, like you said, to hear her saying that, You know, she was having financial problems as well, which the people ate her lot for that. Yeah, they did eat her up with that. That was really, I thought that was kind of harsh. But then I don't know her history of like, You know what I mean? No, because I've heard it's been history of like, You know, go ahead, go ahead. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You was, you was corner.


Yeah. It's, it was some, some history of some fraternization or whatever people claim, You know what I mean? And it's just, ugh, it, I completely understood what she was saying because again, if you had millions of dollars and then you suddenly did it anymore, that's the reason to cry. Bitch, I'ma cry with you. Okay. That's the reason to cry. But it came off like the, the whole sentence structure was crazy. Like, oh my God, I wasn't Bloomingdale's. And I'm like, I have to go to H&m. Like it gave, it was the craziest sentence and the people and I tell that ran with it. Yeah. But it also just like, You know, like, are we poor? Because I love h and l.


Right? Well it's also about being frugal and being mindful too. Like it's good to do high, low and mix and match and all that kind of stuff. You know, I'm definitely gonna mix and match. Like, I don't think the girl was crying 'cause she had to go to h and m, she was crying because she lost her money. Yeah. That's what it was. It just so happening that, You know, we're, we're really upset about the lifestyle change because it is something going into a store and not looking at a price tag or going into a store knowing that you can, you can virtually afford anything in it is a freedom that you will never be able to explain. You just have to experience it. Yes. Right. 100%. You couldn't anymore if you couldn't, whether it's because you just weren't a good steward, you just made bad decisions.


You got scam, you made a bad business deal, whatever it is. Every time that you have to budget, every time that you have to do that, you're reminded of whatever that mistake was, you're reminded of what it was. If you find yourself in Bloomingdale's and you're like, damn, I can't afford nothing in here. If you could previously, that's tough. Yeah. That is, that's the reason to cry. I'm cry. I cry. That's, that's why when you have money, you can't just be, you gotta be, you gotta spend, like, you don't have it as well. So you don't get comfortable because once you have, you can have it one day and not have it the next day I mix and match, baby, you ain't Finn to catch me, you'll catch me. And Zara, I have a nice little bag.


I, I don't know how to mix and match. I'm not going broke for nobody. Yeah. And I always say, you gonna see this outfit again, you gonna see this shirt again, you gonna see it all this again. We not, we don't play that, but Exactly. But it, to your point, Portia, you're right. You can have it one day and it can be gone the next. So it's about how you do take care of, You know, your coins when you do have it. I just think that the, her whole rebrand, I feel like I know where she was trying to go with it, but it's just like, You know how it is, like when the people on the internet, when they decide they don't forget. They don't forget. Not, they just don't wanna fuck with you. They ain't fucking with you. Yeah. Because it's like, who's your audience now?


Right. You know, at first it was like, let me have this, it was like, what's it it like some kind of self-help or some kind of like financial awareness she was doing or selling. I, I mean, but she, but she's a hustler. So she's had, You know her, she's got a close group, a comedian. She going in on about the close friends and she was profiting off her friend's grief. And then she got the, the, the, the books, the self-help that's, and I remember did plagiarize this then that, the workout stuff. And it's just like, I don't, I don't know. I don't dunno. And then the part of people society wants you to, they, they'll help you plan, but then they also wanna see you fall too. You know what I mean? 'cause the bulk of her money, like her supporters were like loyal, You know what I mean?


Like paying X amount of dollars for me to just watch your story essentially. Those people are real fans. Crazy. And it was a lot of money. She made a lot of money in a short amount of time. Yeah. Loyal fans, paying fans, like just to watch her, her content to watch her story. I remember that. I think I remember the one when her best, when her friend died and she was like, you gotta subscribe to it was to see stuff and look at like the space because that's not good at all. Like if your friend died and you're like subscribed to watch me grieve type of thing or something, that would be crazy. Which I didn't really understand because if You know anything about her, like the girl will grieve out loud now.


Yes. You know, she talking about her experiences not on, on, yeah. So I don't, I don't know. I don't, I don't know. I think the way that it, it came out when she said something about like subscribe or whatever, it wasn't like, oh, subscribe to, to watch me grieve. It was like, You know, I'm not here for free. Like, she was going through something, so she wasn't posting a lot on her, her page. And she wasn't posting a lot on like, the public forums. She was working. She was only posting to make money. So she's like, I'm not on here right now, so if y'all wanna see me, you gotta subscribe. And I think that was another thing that was, again, I don't even know why I'm playing devil's advocate because I don't know her.


I don't know anything about her and I, I'm not like a fan per se, but it's just, I feel like everything is like, I feel like most things are probably taken outta context except for the plagiarism thing. That was a thing. And the thing that was also a thing, I don't even know can't keep talking, You know what I'm saying? But I do feel like a lot of stuff be taken outta context and I feel like that happens when people overshare when you get on these platforms and I'm, I'm an overshare. Yeah. Like I'm, well because you see the good in everyone and, and hope for, expect for the best. But people, you will use that against you. But then when you open your life up and you, and you just like some, you give people a lot, they can't use it against you.


Yeah. They remember everything she have told them. Okay. And then they add, they all little twist to it. I, I will say that some stuff is like questionable, but then like some other stuff, it's just like I'm kind of looking at it, rolling my eyes like, okay, now the girl didn't say nothing was wrong with h and m. She just said she used to be able to afford much nicer shit. Now she didn't it, but You know, it, it hit the people who don't, who don't shop in Bloomingdale's and shop at ah, girl. It, it hit every, it, it literally hit everyone. Because who is your fan base? Yeah, your fan base is regular people out here. We like h and yeah, we do. Yes. And I like Zara, Darra don't like h and m and you just, You know what I mean?


It hit everybody different also. Do you remember a couple years ago everybody was, was up in arms about the nine to five conversation that she essentially started with the guy, right? Nine to five. I didn't, I remember they didn't play that. Them clips bike the bike, okay. I think my most of our moment would B Simone that I, I remember with her is the one shower and one time a week. Oh, see now I forgot about that. Okay, so she's been making these statements, outlandish statements, get the people going. Yes, she comedian. So is she trying to be funny? She's a comedian.


Okay, so is she trying to be jokes? Okay, comedian, she goes, she just, it's, it's been rough. They, I said, now why would she even put this podcast out on her all the way these people are, I don't even think that she thought that it was gonna hit like that. I thought she probably thought everyone was going to see it and be like, wow. Look at these two empathize in a healing space, having a vulnerable moment. Not in this administration. No. Now what's going on outside these doors? Not, not what them grocery store prices are looking like. Not people being deported.


Not the tariffs. None of this. No. So you basically saying that we're all on edge. Everybody on edge, everybody can get it. Even be some grandma can get it right now. Everybody piss me off. She got on the internet and pissed everybody off. Keep your head up. It'll be Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months.


Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify. For some of us, personal finances aren't just personal. They include a lot more people than ourselves. Loved ones neighbors, the communities we call home and the causes we hold in our hearts. At Thrivent, we help plan your financial picture with the bigger picture in mind.


Because even though our business is helping guide your finances, our ambition is to make it mean so much more. Thrivent, where money means more. Connect with us@thrivent.com. Bubba Wallace here from 2311 racing. Funny thing about being fast, you end up waiting a lot. First to show up first in line, then just waiting me, I rev up Jumbo Casino with over 200 social casino games. No slow lanes here. Why sit around when you can spin Mark your Engine. I'm already racing your turn. Play for free@jumbocasino.com. Let's jumbo Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Ford, where prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other ais often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com and let us know how you feel the difference. This is An iHeart podcast.