
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guest from meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me forward slash tour to get your tickets.


Hey, when's the last time you've listened to hot? 99.5. Because we have all of the hip music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events deals and things we're making fun of around the DMV. I Love the station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa snap. I Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey, music station hot 99.5.


All right, y'all, it's been trending on Twitter Sugar Daddy Season. It is, has started Not Sugar Daddy Season. They still sugar daddies out there. It's, it's, it's still sugar daddy. It's giving tuition paid. It's giving rooftop bru Sunday. It's given. I've never seen a bill in my life. Ladies, welcome to Sugar Daddy Season. The sun is out, the wallets are open and the girls are choosing. But let's be clear. I did not know Ste not all sugar. Sweet. So tonight we're breaking down the art rules and the red flag of the sugar daddy game. So we're gonna start off with, oh boy. Juicy questions before we go into Sugar Daddy Season.


The first, okay. Okay. What's the difference between a sugar daddy? A trick and a generous man? I think a sugar daddy is like when you, when a man just really gets off on giving a lady whatever she wants, like money wise and she don't have to do anything. Right, man. No, I disagree. To me that's, I feel like it's a older, it's a older gentleman with a younger lady or since we're talking about sugar daddy and he just like appreciates her company.


They do have the funds correct. So they'll, they just whatever you need. That's what I think that is Whatever you need, sweetheart. Whatever you gonna want, want something in return. It can be a long term relationship, but all my friends who I know who have a, it can be a date. All my friends who know who have a sugar daddy, they're, they're giving things in exchange for either companionship or some type of loving, whether it is being correct. Yeah, companionship. Companionship or whether it's being caressed or, You know, making sure he's, he's good for the night, for the week, for the month. You never know. Making sure whatever it is he got going on is, that's called prostitution.


I was just thinking at it. I was like, is he a John? No, no, because they both are in agreeance and they roll because they both are benefiting from it. Okay. Yeah. That's called prostitution. So to me a trick, so the trick like if, if you tricking that is more to me like Yeah, what you just said. Yeah, I'm gonna give you this. Yeah, I'm gonna give you, I'm gonna give you the money and I'm gonna give you some love and back. That's, that's tricking And what you talking about Sheree, You know, sugar, I, I feel like I, I know people who have sugar daddy. Well yeah and they have like the whole sugar, sugar babies website and stuff where they literally are just like talking on the phone to them or like, it's really like a companion that has a lot of money and just will send you money, You know?


But, and I like prostitution is with different, you have different, but when you have a sugar daddy, somebody that you're building a relationship with that you're either in exchange for, it's just like having a, a boyfriend or whatever. They're taking care of you. You're doing things that's generous. No, I disagree. No. Generous is somebody that just wants to give. But if y'all both are in exchange for something and he's an guy like transactional. Yes. Oh, I ain't got dark. Go ahead talk. Hmm. So yeah, I can still hear you though. No, maybe, maybe sugar daddies and chicken is two of the same. It's just sugar Daddy is like usually a older gentleman maybe.


And again that companionship that that time spent and it might not be as much as an exchange of fluids or whatever the case may be. To me tricking is like, You know, almost saying I'm gonna, I'm gonna like give you this money for you. It's transactional. Like for you to come and do something for me or for you to show up, for you to be here for you to like, it's more of a control thing. The, I feel like sugar daddy situation is more like the lady is saying, You know, I need this taken care of, You know, and he's like, all right, cool, whatever. I got you. Now generous is the man who doesn't, is not asking for nothing in return.


He is literally Gen A being generous, giving. Yeah. And not asking for anything in return. That's what I think. That's my definition. So those are, those are how I break down a three because I would date a generous man. I would not date a sugar daddy and I would not date. I'll get you a sugar daddy. Just try it one time and see you might like it. No, just one time. I just, for my energy, I don't even give off my age, You know what I'm saying? Like one, two, just, I couldn't fix my face nor my, my time away from like I my kids and just my what I, my friends things I wanna do.


I would never do that. And three, what's wrong with it? Yeah. No, I don't need, I don't need, I don't, I don't need a sugar daddy. I don't want one either. What's wrong with a having a sugar day now? Generous man is different. I'm pretty, if you ain't got no man, yeah, I don't wanna be, I don't wanna fake it. No, it's not faking. It's nothing to fake. You understand? I don't wanna fake being around someone to get a check. Like, to me that's just a waste of time for you. Oh, you don't wanna fake they, they like you for, for you being you, you don't have to fake any. I'm still gonna have to go to dinner. I'm gonna still have to show up somewhere. I'm gonna still have to, it's whatever you want it to be.


No, I think I, I feel like it is whatever you want it to be. You don't have to fake or, or whatever. Anything. I think it's just whatever. The relationship is just different. I don't need my time paid. Not you necessarily. It it, You know, not every dollar, You know, it is not, it's not worth it for me. It is really not worth it for me to be I again, generous 10. What about you Sharelle? Would you date a sugar daddy or, I don't know, is it dating or are you just like dating? Dating That I would've a sugar daddy. I mean I wouldn't have a sugar daddy. I'm gonna be honest. I would, I have one before it.


But I mean I would be open to, I'm single. I would be open to having a sugar daddy. I find a sugar daddy though. And what do, what would that age range be? When you say sugar daddy, would he be in your, your age range or would he be older? You know, 50. I think Sugar daddy though does imply like a older man though. That's what I feel it is. He has to be older. So like 50, 55. I'm saying older than that. I feel like sugar daddies are way older than that. What Sugar Daddy's what? 60? Yeah, because I, I mean I still date in my, my age range in 10 years I won't go higher And that's fifties 55 for me.


I would consider a sugar daddy 55 and older for you? Yes, because they call cougars in the age limit for cougars. There's age categories. Cou, I'm a cougar auntie. I did see that and Cougar auntie. I'm like I feel disrespected. We are cougar aunties. Yeah we getting up there. Honestly we are getting up there. Lord. Wait, I actually had this conversation with Ray. I'm still the Cougars and then Yeah y'all still Cougars Cougar auntie. Yeah, the cougar aunt. I'll be a half a century in eight years. I don't want to call me no auntie yet. They will am my kid. I'm wanna be big sis. Can I be bigs sis right now?


Yeah. Yeah. I'm big sis. I ain't auntie yet. I got, I still got a couple big si. I'm big Si I'm big sis. When I am not interested I'm like hey, hey what's up brother? And You know when you call him brother like hey what's up then We not, we just gonna be, You know, homies. Well I don't know, I feel like there's definitely a difference between a sugar daddy and a trick and I feel like the tricks are like, it's very like You know for sure you giving up the puss. Right. Very transact. You know what I'm saying? I feel like with sugar daddies it could be whenever y'all are free up on.


Yes it could be time but I feel be a game could just wanna Yeah, look at your toes. He might, You know, just wanna go babe. Yeah he might just wanna go to the movies. He might just need a companion. Like he might just want you to go to church with him. Like you just never know. 'cause men in they little weird finishes or whatever. I feel like sugar daddies is kind of a more broader, You know, situation. Whereas trick for sure is y'all gonna be Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But, and then a generous manam we were saying it's just a man respectful. He doesn't expect to receive something back.


He's just is a natural giver because that's what he wants to do and it makes him feel good to make you feel good in that way. If y if sugar Danny, what's the bare minimum and sugar daddy should be providing in 2025? Ooh you talking we talking for the masses or we talking for us Because for the masses. I mean so I can speak on it. Hair, nails, lunch, dinner, throw up. No, the masses. I'm trying to think of average entertaining a man and he's your sugar daddy. He needs to be.


You said the masses, it doesn't matter. It can be rent your hair. Yeah it's, it gotta be something like the bills, the rent, having a sugar daddy for it. I mean I could do my hair and nails and and that but the bare minimum for a sugar daddy and I sugar daddy this trips to Dubai on the yachts but you don't see him in the pictures type of thing. Right. It's that with the sugar daddies be doing. You said y'all said for the mass. Okay. And I was trying to, it doesn't better for the we 2020. If I had a sugar daddy, I got taxes. You know there's taxes, there's, You know vehicles Let, I can tell you never had a sugar daddy before.


'cause you talk about some hair and nails and lunch. I brought it down as far as You know, other, everybody wants like, You know their mortgage pay or their like something that's gonna make a difference. You know what I'm saying? Getting your hair done and lunch all day. I was gonna waste my time having a no I'm said the ma y said the Masters's not sugar daddy. No that's like a piece of candy daddy or a general, that's a generous man booking a spa day. Yeah. A I don't even know. Sugar daddy is paying them the mortgage, the car note and ain't not no typical cardinal.


I mean we talking about you in a luxury vehicle. A luxury vehicle. Your daddy is paying for you and your homegirls to go to Europe for the summer. Yeah. That is not for the masses y'all. This is not masses sugar daddy let's no a sugar daddy can't just be given $5 here and there. That's not a sugar daddy. You wasting your time for having a sugar daddy. The whole meaning of a sugar daddy is to take you to another. That means take out money to I was just, you ain't sugar daddy off of the ma the master. It doesn't matter. Get your mind off this the, your mindset masks.


What is these masks? I asked y'all, I asked y'all for anyone, anyone who have a sugar daddy. The main reason why they have a sugar daddy is to, so they don't have to do certain things. Their lifestyle to enhance their lifestyle. Enhance my lifestyle is is taking me on trip, taking me on trips on a private jet, like doing stuff you can't afford yourself. I you y'all what we would do? No, it's anybody who A daddy. Alright we gotta the that's normal Book the yacht for the day. Sugar daddy.


That's normal Daddy. Sugar Daddy. Daddy. Okay, we gotta find Alexis a sugar daddy so we don't, we gonna find you a sugar daddy so you can, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make you a profile on sugar babies.com. No, please go if I mean Yep. I'm finna make you one. Y'all funny. Yeah. Alright, we gonna get you experience 30, 30 k for some to some to, to pick my toenail polish. That's my going rate. Okay. I mean pay that. Men are nasty. They will pay for anything honey.


It's men that will pay you cream on your toes and rubbing them together and putting the chocolate on your toes. And You know, like there's websites where you can send in your dirty draws, You know, and you can help, you can nail it. They sometimes you can nail 'em. That's what I'm saying. That's nasty. But they pay for at you. I mean if, if somebody saying they gonna send me a hundred k for my, my overnight. Yeah. I mean I'm, I'm with it. You and you want that. Okay. You want, will you want me to put some chocolate on these Toast and roll.


Alright, I that question. So is it ever emotional or is the game always transactional? It depends. It depends on the relationship because some people can come in as transactions, You know, but the longer they, they still, because I know someone, prime example, someone used to have like, I wouldn't say a sugar daddy because he wasn't at the age of a sugar daddy, but they were never together and he would take care of everything. Who I know who you're talking about.


You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy. Just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites. With Indeed sponsored jobs, your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash a rts. Just go to indeed.com/a RTS right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast. Terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests from meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Chase sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network hosted by me writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and meat eater founder Steven Ella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here and I'll say, it seems like the ice age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, You Know, so join me starting Tuesday, May 6th where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


She was a decorated veteran, a marine who saved her comrades. A hero. She was stoic, modest, tough. Someone who inspired people. Everyone thought they knew her until they didn't. I remember sitting on her couch and asking her, is this real? Is this real? Is this real? Is this real? I just couldn't wrap my head around what kind of person would do that to another person that was getting treatment that was, You know, dying. This is a story all about trust and about a woman named Sarah Kavanaugh. I've always been told I'm a really good listener. Right? And I maximized that while I was lying. Listen to deep cover the truth about Sarah on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


But now it's like emotions are involved so it's like it can transition to that. So you never Yeah. From time being spent beautiful and energy and you could be all of that for sure. No sugar Daddy cuts to your neck. A lesbian. Exactly. Oh, possible. You never know. Don't don't, don't knock it Lex. I prefer generous. I mean, I can have a little generous, I can have a little sugar daddy. I can weigh out my options. So would y'all be jealous if your sugar daddy had other sugar babies?


No, it would just, no. Take more money from Sony won. We have other sugar. You're like, my fee went up. Say I need my fee went up. I need more money. I need to invest in this business. I don't think, think it's a jealous thing just because as long as they doing what they, You know what y'all agreed upon, You know, it's just whatever. If he has it like that, what do they say? It ain't tricking if you got it. I don't even know. I don't know. I probably, I wouldn't care 'cause I ain't get it mostly attached. Just gimme my funds. It's transactional. But yeah, because like what if you have a guy and he like does the exact same thing for you that he does for another girl like you good with that?


You know, I if, if you have other women, I need to be at the top of the chat. Okay. Yeah. If I can't be a sugar daddy, that's what Sharelle said, I need to be at the top of the chain. Okay, so how do you, you don't care. There's use a fake baller or someone trying to finesse the finesse. Oh, I know some fake ballers. Hmm. They who they, I'm not calling on. They show it. They show it. They show it. They already, they talk about it. Look, they, they always surround people with clout, but they're never doing anything on their own. They always name drop like talking about somebody else.


What are you doing? They always say they got this and they got that, but you never see it. Yeah. And it's like, what do you do? Yeah. It's always the ones for me that like are in a section. It's like 20 guys all in one section. Ugh. I don't like that. Like first of all, the section ain't that much. It's 20 of y'all and y'all got two bottles and all y'all acting like y'all the men and no ladies. No. And no ladies. Exactly. That's not true. That a dead giveaway. Yeah. It's ladies I go to the club that's a dead giveaway. It's section and he like trying to holler at you and it's like 20 of them in there.


He don't talk to him. He's not Hess not a baller. He's not a baller. No, I don't think so. That's the, I just feel like he's not a, he's not a, he's not, I don't think so. That's a easy way to spot 'em. Or, or, or You know, the one in, in the passenger side might not be a bother. It's like the, like a starter kit. Like you have the watch, you got the this, you got the, You know, you got the, the stack and you want it. You know, You know, it's just very much cookie cutter. Nothing, nothing special. You know what I mean?


That's spot. Is there a difference between being spoiled and being kept? It's the same thing. Yes. I think it's a difference. What's the difference? Spoiled is is basically saying, this is my level, this is what I expect. And you have to, if you don't meet me at this expectation, I'm gonna whine about it, bitch about it, complain about it, nag about it, and let You know until I get my way. And then someone giving them, giving you what you wanted because of, You know, the effect of them saying no first and then saying yes afterwards.


That's spoiled. Being kept is taken care of. Being kept is like, okay, this is the standard. This is what's expected, this is consistent, this is what I feel like I'm gonna do to take care of you. Not the sense of entitlement. It's almost a sense of relaxation and discomfort. That's the differe. I I say being, being kept can lead to being full. 'cause you're setting, you're setting a standard for something that you're not used to. And that basically someone set a standard and that's what you're used to. So you get into something else or they can't do it anymore.


Now it's like, this is what I'm used to, this is what I expect this is. And then you start nagging about it 'cause you're not getting it anymore. Interesting. So would you wanna be spoiled or would you wanna be kept or neither or both? I would be kept, well, I mean both spoil and I mean, it, it falls in the same, that's why I would say both. Like, and, and if you say you're in a relationship or something and you just like, You know, being kept in a relationship is a different thing too to me. You know, like, hey, this is, these are your expenses. I'm gonna relieve this stress from you. I got you. You know? But the, the spoil part is like, You know, when you go shopping or she's spoiled, she likes this, You know, I know what she likes.


I know what she's into. So, You know, it's a fine line of that I think is when you start to just become like ungrateful for it or just like entitled, like expecting it. That's when you can kind of, You know, teeter-totter the line. But I think it's, you wanna be spoiled by someone that's you're in a relationship with or that you like as well as being kept by them. If they can do that, You know, I can do both. Spoil me baby. Like exactly like, like someone's traveling and they're like, oh, she likes this, You know? Yeah. Bring that on home. Surprise me. You know what I mean? Why and die me. I love that. That's just a term.


Yeah. You exactly. You can get treated how you want to baby. Just take care of the be the sky's the limit. So, so then like if you got a sugar daddy, well, no, I guess you don't have to like do anything back if it's a sugar daddy. But I was just thinking like ask the question, spoil you ask the question. No, we can move on. 'cause I, I think I answered my own question in my head. Yeah. All right, let's move on to our first scenario.


Flight risk. So I met this man at a lounge in Miami. He's 47, salt and pepper beard owns a couple car di dealerships. First date he buys me to Atlanta for dinner. I'm thinking I hit the jackpot by the third trip. He's telling me he wants to invest in my dreams, but I tell him I wanna start a business and he ghosts me. Was I'm moving too fast or was he never a real sugar daddy to begin with when she started talking big, big cash money thing. I feel like that's more normal than we give off. Just because, You know, some people will talk a big game just to get you there and we'll fly you out.


They can afford that. They can handle that. But when they know you about your business and you are like, look, my time is taken me, if I'm here, it's taking me away from X, Y, and z or what attracted you to me in the first place is I am a business woman. I'm a go-getter. So if you don't see the vision that lets You know that he's not into it like that. He's more, it's more like this could be temporary. This is, this is very much like in and out. He's dating other women. He's flying them in and out. It's not a big deal when you gotta invest in someone. And I'm talking about a business, usually we talking about six, six figures, You know, and up and that's a big deal. That's a commitment and that's an investment. So that lets me know you're not really invested in me.


You know, if we're, if we're gonna be talking these numbers, if we are gonna be talking like this. And I think that comes with time too. Just like, You know, getting to know someone, understanding who they are and low key. If you are a business person, you wanna know where your return is coming into also, if that's the case, You know. So I just think, You know, with investing especially like that with depending on someone, he's not really serious. This is very much just like, I flew you out, you got flew out, we had a good time, but then you started getting a little serious with me then mm, let me fall back. You know? That's why he ghosted. Oh girl. Just because and say he's not serious. He's not serious. I wouldn't say he's not serious.


I would just say maybe he's not ready for all that yet. Maybe, You know, he, he wants to take it slow and he feels like she's moving too fast. I mean, it's Katie. Okay, well woman to go and when they feel like the man is moving too, too fast. So why can't he feel like, okay, maybe let me pull back so I don't Well the, the thing is her, her response was was he never a real sugar daddy. And my thing is, what made you think he would be sugar daddy? Just because he flew you out to Atlanta and y'all went to dinner like that. They ain't giving sugar daddy vibes. Yeah. So that was your mistake Boo boo.


Like that shouldn't have never given you, she hit the jack. I thought I hit the jackpot girl a flight. Was it the third date or something? She was talking about investing the first date she got flu out to Atlanta. You didn't get flew out for green. And then she asked for, she's asking for investing what the second she wanted the second or third. She invest in her dreams. That's not a sugar daddy. That's not giving that. Yeah, if you gonna be out here looking for a sugar daddy. Not that I know, but I'm just saying if you gonna be out here looking for a sugar daddy, boo boo getting flu out to Atlanta, don't give sugar daddy vibe baby thought.


Okay. He just was flying you out to, You know what I'm saying, fill you out really because yeah. Come on. That's it. So that was your mistake. He was a sugar daddy. So you need to and can't go career and figure out what you looking for. Like are you looking for somebody to be a sugar daddy or are you interested, interested in somebody who's going to be interested in getting to know you because maybe that's what he was trying to do and you came off acting like a sugar baby and he like, I think I done hit the jack. Yeah. Excited. Sometimes girls got too excited doing that. I feel like they really do be misjudging men sometimes when like a man actually goes out of their way to show interest.


Like sometimes I feel like women misinterpret situations because I feel like, You know, you supposed to handle people accordingly. You can't handle everybody the same. So like if a man is genuinely like trying to get to know you, he flies you to Atlanta, he wants to spend time with you. Like, I feel like that feels different than somebody that's trying to trick off on you or somebody that's trying to be a sugar daddy. You know what I'm saying? Agree. You gotta like read the room. You can't just be out here. Like Yeah. It becomes, I feel like a lot, a lot of, unless you're on the website, I feel like a lot of Read the room. Yeah, read the room. Booboo Kitty.


All right. I agree. Next scenario though, the emotional sponsor. I've been talking to this guy for six months. He pays my rent, sends me random cash apps and even bought my mom a birthday gift. Aw. But now he's catching feelings, wanting to do FaceTime dates, meet my friends, talk about us and I'm not into him like that, but he's paying for everything. Am I wrong for staying in it? That's a cool, gotta ask yourself honey. Can you, you got you only You know that you can take and give. So I mean if it's gonna affect you, he wants something in return, then yes, you are wrong because he's doing all this going up above and beyond for you, your mama and your friends.


And you can't give him a little, You know, a little I know. See now all he wanna do is FaceTime dates and stuff like that. I mean, see this is when women been getting it. Oh, like, come on, he's probably a nice guy. He done bought your mama a gift and you ready to just be like, I don't like him. Like, like yeah, like what girl, I dunno, what's fine with y'all sometimes y'all be getting on my nerves for real. But then, but then they got little, You know, both p little Ray Ray on the side who can't call answer. He don't answer the phone. He don't, he don't even know what your mama name is driving your car around, hop your car in your house making Yes girl.


Eating your food. Exactly. Playing the game all day. Ain't paying no attention, but you, you got the nerve to out like this guy. Mm. I don't know. Some of y'all just got it backwards. All right, we got a bonus. You just met a guy, right? And he offers you, I don't know, Lex, what's, what, what do you want? A trip? You want some money? What is it? Yeah, I like trips. Let's say trips. He, okay, he offers you a summer traveling from Europe to Africa, wherever you wanna go.


He offering you wherever you wanna go. And he's, he's sending you his Amex login. Which one would you say he offer you a trip to Dubai. He give you five for lunch. He send you his Amex. Wait, say say that again. It was how much for lunch? 500 for lunch on which? No. Okay. No. 5,000. Let's say 5,000. 5,000 for a trip forever. All over. Or his Amex login. Which one you taking the Amex login to like be able to make purchases? No, he, he may give me an author making an authorized user because you can't, oh yeah.


Let me just go and get that. You giving don't gimme the black card and I can't do nothing with that. But see what you spending. Yeah, I was gonna say I can't do nothing with the login and I was like, if I'm an authorized user card logging in the mail, lemme that titanium this way black. Listen to that black card baby. That's what I'll take. Yeah, that's it. I'll take that and book my own trick. Right? Because it's authorized and came for my own life. He authorized that. He's like, baby this is your limit. I will go, go to the limit. Okay. So yes. Alright. Alright. Oh, now that we, we talked about the sugar daddy Rolex, would you reconsider having a sugar daddy?


No, I already made your profile. Look, I'm, I'm looking for, I'm looking for a generous man. How about that? Okay. One that I like and that likes me, You know, and that is generous. That that's what, that's what I'm, that's what's out there In the, in in the universe. You may turn out like your sugar daddy. No. Oh you wouldn't date because it's already transactional before. I'm just not in that space right now in that everything is transac intentional. I'm just in an intentional space. But let's be realistic. All jokes, supply, you said everything, every relationship is transaction, whether you like it or not.


I disagree. I think I disagree with that. It's the truth. Every relationship is transactional. What's the meaning of transactional? Whether, whether it's emotional, whether it's physical, whether it's spiritual, whether it's time. What do you mean? Like all of that? No, every, every, every relationship. Yes. Hold on. Let give you the, the definition of transaction. Even friendships relating or interaction between people. Yes.


Everything is transaction and you want something in return. Yeah, I think so. I agree with that. Okay. I agree, but I don't know. I still think we can file a little sugar. Daddy, let me see y'all. Let, let me see. Ashley said she's gonna make me a profile. It's already made Dying sugar babies.com. That, that's such thing as sugar baby com. That's what I heard. I'm sure It's what I heard.


That's what I had heard. I'm sure it is grape. Fine. You know exactly what you get into. Do they, I wonder do they put on there? This is the level of what I expect. I don't know. We gonna find out. Don't worry. We gonna find out. Let you the single one. You the one who, oh, are you? I'm the only one. No more. I didn't say I wasn't. I'm the only one. I'm, I'm dating and so, so you can't have a sugar daddy right now. I'm eat a sugar daddy. Okay, but could you have one was my question.


Alright. I mean, and I wasn't in the situation that I was in with who I was and that then, I mean, I wouldn't mind if I needed a sugar daddy, but the way You know everything I know it's just like, wow. So can you have a sugar daddy right now or not? I don't need one. Can I make you a profile and I make you a profile right now? I love how Sharelle puts it on me and then and Backpedals and then see, I mean, okay.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 0.99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or Postpaid Unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and me Eater founder Steven Ella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the Ice age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, You know, so join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today.


Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. She was a decorated veteran, a marine who saved her comrades. A hero. She was stoic, modest, tough. Someone who inspired people. Everyone thought they knew her until they didn't. I remember sitting on her couch and asking her, is this real? Is this real? Is this real? Is this real? I just couldn't wrap my head around what kind of person would do that to another person that was getting treatment that was, You know, dying.


This is a story all about trust and about a woman named Sarah Cavanaugh. I've always been told I'm a really good listener, right? And I maximized that while I was lying. Listen to deep cover the Truth about Sarah on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Dr. Maya Schenker. I host a podcast called A Slight Change of Plans. I started this show because unexpected change comes for all of us and there's no set playbook for how to deal with it. I have all of this psychological baggage that I'm carrying with me and the last thing I want to do is to pass that on to my daughter. So I have to figure this out. This is this puzzle of my trauma. I have to figure it out and I have to figure it out. Now Join me this season when I talk to Amanda Knox about her choice to reconnect with the prosecutor who helped put her behind bars. This is not about him. This is about me and what I am capable of giving. And I know that I am capable of being kind to this man. And by God I am going to do it and no one can stop me. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Let's get into our last segment of the night and it's d lulu dating the safe, the new safety net. We've all done it. Imagine the wedding after one date, giving our man a whole personality. He never actually displayed or stayed in a situationship because you just know he's gonna get it together soon. Welcome to the d lulu era where the Vs are actually the men in our, in our race are buffering. What does being optimistic and dating didn't turn into full blown delusion. When does being optimistic and dating didn't turn into full blown delusion?


Hmm. Listen, I ain't gonna lie. Sometimes these women and they are real delusional and I just be like, that must be lovely to be that delusional because they just be seen as like, like ignorant. Ignorant. Yeah. I'm just like, damn, I wish I could be that damn delusional sometimes because girl, what the hell? What the hell? What the hell? They just be, hello? Are you here? Are you in the room with us? Like he's clearly like not the one like, You know what I mean? I have have, I think it, I think, I think some women are choosing to be that delusional. I was gonna say that.


It's be, I have some delusional friends Think you can literally see that this man ain't gonna change and he's, it's just gonna marry your si. Shit. I was delusional at one point. I mean I feel like everybody goes through that. You have, I have very guilty of it stage. Like never. I enjoy being optimistic though. You know, you wanna go into it with optimism but then if there's flags and then there's certain scenarios and becomes a pattern of some certain, You know, things that you're not gonna tolerate or don't want to or makes you feel some kind of way, then definitely that's delusion. You definitely delusional.


Maybe. Yeah, once you start getting, once you're in, You know, a pattern of yes, a delusion where it is harmful and abusive and just not a good situation lopsided everything, then obviously like you need help. You know what I'm saying? But if you're in a place where it's like you're delusional, like I don't know, like your man, like you take care of your man or something and you're just a girl who's always like, he's gonna make it, You know, and he's not doing anything to change his situation like financially, but you've just said he paying the bills and I'm gonna support him and You know, to me like sis, but hey, if you like it, I love it.


You know what I'm saying? But that's a delusional type of situation that I'm talking about. It's like, You know, it's not necessarily unhealthy but it's definitely, you can't get unhealthy, You know what I mean? A delusion I don't witness is women. Other people tell them something and they just, no, I know he wouldn't do that. He, I'm this, he that and I just know him. The man was just outside. They got pictures, you showing them pictures, everything. The other person talking to receipts, receipts, the receipts Aren there and you still just, no, I just know he that decision and he tell you one thing, you just believe it after you got seen all the receipts.


That's sick, that's sick, you need help. But may, maybe that's the way they survive, You know, maybe it's a survival tactic, You know, some women just, You know, and also we don't know what be going on at home behind closed doors. So maybe for them that's how they're able to get through life is by living in this delusional state. And that's how they make it. Because I don't know how the reason why, You know, you would really just choose to live in a fantasy land. Some people do live in that, that that ignorance is bliss.


You know, they'd rather just not know or, You know, live in that just space of comfort, You know? Yeah. Is it okay to stay the Lulu if it's keeping you hopeful and happy? I, is it keeping, I I I gotta definitely give yourself a time limit. I mean, You know, it's good to be optimistic and hopeful, but I, like I said, when it gets to where like it's an unhealthy pattern and You know it's not progressive, it's just not a good situation, that's when I think it, it becomes a problem, You know?


Yeah. That's crazy. I dunno. Okay, forward to our little scenarios. Soft lunch fantasy. I went on three dates with this guy. Three. I posted a soft lunch pick of our hands at dinner. He didn't repost it. I got mad girl, you crazy. My girl said I was, yeah, that was, but I already picked out what we were wearing for our first vacation. In my mind it was already given Power couple. Was I being de Lulu or just excited delusional Ulu and over it, excited slow down, getting mad, getting mad that he didn't repost the hand is crazy.


We don't need to be doing that. A little excited D Lulu probably is if like excited she claiming like full blown after that or something, I don't know. And then picking out vacation posts already and they, huh. Matching vacation outfit. I thought she was kind of guilty. She, she, the relationship is for the grand and for her. Yeah. That that post is for her. I feel like she, that was not for them. Prove a point to everyone. Yeah. Yeah. Sis focus on you.


Focus on you and, and what y'all got. Get everyone else. Yeah. She might be a little D Lulu he didn't text. Yes, that is, or a journal. So this guy like didn't text me back for three days instead of blocking him, I convinced myself he was just emotionally overwhelmed by how real our connection was. I even Jo Journal, no, I'm getting tongue twist in journal about how I, about how I'll I'd help him open up. Then I saw him at branch with his girlfriend. The worst part, I still felt like we had something special. Illusion.


The Lulu. Yeah. Yeah. No, first of all, after three days of him not texting and they had time together, whatever, okay, that's okay to have a little, You know, little hesitation and trying to see making sure someone is not like, obviously ghosting and he did, but he made a choice. Obviously. He's either with this lady and you were just on the side or he chose her and not you. We have to normalize like people, we don't really know people until we are really committed to them and we we're really trying to live with them and learn them and understand who they are. Like that was just very much, You know, she just got into her head a lot quicker than she should have.


Yeah. You know? How do you, how do You know, because I have some friends that are, are just delusional. What are like, what are ways to help like get through that? Because sometimes I feel like that can affect your friendship. If they ask me a question, I'm gonna give them the real un delusional answer. Correct. If they don't ask me, yeah, I, I'm, yeah, I'm just gonna mind my business. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna let you be, You know, unless, unless it affects me, I'm gonna let you live in your little delusional world. Now, mother, if it gets to a point where I feel like it's hurting you and as a friend I can't, You know, sit back and not say anything, then of course I feel like I would say something.


But ultimately they're grown. Especially if it's like has to do with men. I don't know. I feel like they gonna do what they wanna do anyway. Yeah. So I would just say how I feel about 'em and then leave it at that. How do you deal with someone that can continues to bring up situations and it's like you get tired of it, but they're your friend and it's like, okay, I don't wanna hear nothing else. Like tell, I would say it. I say that I'd be like, girl, I done already told you 10 times, he ain't the one you crazy as hell. He is. And I don't wanna talk about it no more. And we have to again, normalize listening to our people and our, and listening to 'em.


Listen to what they have to say. You don't necessarily have to hear 'em, just listen and understand where they're coming from and not understanding that it's not personal. It's not a personal attack, it's an observation and they're looking out for you. You know, it's not like, that's what I think we have to understand. When our friends are telling us something, that means they see something we don't, and we, and they know us longer. They know us, You know, so I would listen to it. That's true. Well, let's, I I have some friends, I'm gonna have to have a talk with them. Yeah. And you should because it's definitely giving off dilute them. So you ain't told them I ready one time, I just, you can't do it.


You can't tell them. You just been too hard to tell them I should, I had just made a change in the subject. Like, or be like, oh girl, let me call you back. You never call back because you already know. You already know what it is. Oh, lemme take this call. Oh, this is a business call. I call you. I feel like I'm the type of person that I have to hold back what I truly think and feel about situations. So I never am in that. Like, I'm always pretty front, like as soon as I see something a little off, I'm like, Ooh girl, I don't know about that one. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And so if they don't listen, or, or, and also also, I'm not just, I'm gonna say this to a friend that I feel like is receptive to, of course my advice and how I give advice or whatever.


I'm not the, like, I'm kind, I'm a little brutally honest sometimes I know that. So I don't just do it to everybody, but if somebody, I'm close enough with that I know I can like, share my true feelings about them. And I feel like they're a little d Lulu in this situation. Like, I would say it upfront and then if I've said it like once or twice and it seems like they're not being receptive to that, that's when I'm like, oh, okay girl. You just gotta keep it to yourself and just let them go through that. Because clearly I'm, and when I say I'm brutally honest, like I'm just gonna say it like, girl, no, like he's not the one, something gets wrong. You know, I'm gonna, I'm gonna say it. You know what I mean? So if they don't listen like the first couple times, and I ain't saying nothing else, that's just how I am with the situation.


But help your friends if you can't share out. But sometimes dilu, when I feel like when people are delusional, it really is like they have to see it for themself. You know? They have to get to a point of understanding and realization and reality, You know? That's true. That's definitely true. Well, we hope we answered some of y'all questions. If y'all are are like me and y'all have some ulu friends, You know, Ashley and gave some great advice on how to deal with them and snap them back into reality because we all have been there. Some have not overcame their D Lulu stage and some have, but if you have a friend that's going through that D Lulu stage, help a out, help a brother out because it's not Yeah.


A little nudge. A man too. Gimme a little nudge. Let 'em know what's up, right? Yeah. What? And don't take offense to it. That is it for Humble Baddies to the Night. We enjoy you all. Make sure you all subscribe to our Humble Betty podcast. Share, like support us and we'll be back on Wednesday. Wednesday. I gotta go to St. Martin if You know anyone looking to invest in St. Martin, but you hit me up and hit up a lawyer, LPT, You know, and let's get this money.


Hey, until next time you can follow me. She'll wear Rosado underscore and I of Daddy podcast on IG and you can find me Alexis Meyer on ig And I am Ash three Nicole and Ash three Nicole, come in follow. Thank y'all for tuning in. See you next time. Have a goodnight.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant? Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one Men's Xper Spring and back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires a smartphone purchase. 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.