
This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to Woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are your ears bored? Yeah. Yeah. Are you looking for a new podcast that will make you laugh, learn, and say, yeah. Then tune in to URA Radio Season 10 today. Okay, Now that's what I call a podcast. I'm Fiosa. I'm Mala, The host of Loca Tora Radio, a radiophonic novella, Which is just a very extra way of saying a podcast. Podcast. Listen to Loca Tora Radio, season 10 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skar. Sabine Renz Specter five. I'm Taylor Gray as a Bridger Specter Six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowaway moderator. Each week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom Voices, Zar Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jael and many others. So Hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen To Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome back, baddies. We are back here for another episode of the Humble Baddies Podcast. And woo, do we have some tea for you? Yes, I am. Ashley Nicole. I'm Alexis. I'm Alexis Meyer. And I'm Shera Rosado calling Tuning in all the way from Ghana. Okay. S Up Y Africa. I'm the mother man. Well, at least you here in present. I am. Listen this, this comes first no matter what, You know, business first, business, business, business, business here.


And it's Vince there. What time is it there girl? It is midnight. Midnight. In the midnight, midnight hour. Then that's commitment. Okay. It's the humble, appreciate you tapping in all the way from the motherland. Yes, yes. Land. Yes. Before we go into it, you guys, I have some major, major projects over here. Y'all tune in and Heritage 100. We've partnered with the big developer, nailed and Ghost develop Golden Development. We are selling something new And we have a lot of international buyers. So tune in Heritage 100.


If you are looking to purchase, invest and Acra, make sure you hit me up. Hi. Okay. Big business moves. I love that. Big business moves. We love international vibes. Yeah, we am. I going on l Well today I did my annual mammogram. Us ladies of a particular age, unless, You know breast cancer or anything like that runs into your family, then you go sooner. But I had to go and get that done and taken care of and it was so uncomfortable. When I tell you like to have yourself in the machine, you have to be still and they take your breasts and squeeze it with like, like literally squeeze it two pieces of like machine come down and squeeze your breast so they can get the breast tissue.


I mean we have to do it once a year, but it's super uncomfortable and doesn't feel good. So I'm just like, what's going on? You know? But something that has to happen. So in this women's month of that, a good march, a good Yes. Take care of yourself. It's a good thing that you're doing that, Lex. Thank you. Thank you. And thankfully breast cancer doesn't run in my family, so it's still precautionary, but at the same time, I, I need to know what's going on with my body. So have to stay on top of it. Correct. Once a year. Okay. And you just put it in my mind. I need to schedule all my doctor's appointments. I'm a little behind 'cause I've been traveling and doing the most, but I need to schedule my appointment. So thank you for that reminder.


You're welcome. Yeah, I'm gonna schedule my dentist appointment. Yes. Every six months. Not right. Alright y'all, so let's begin the yes, yes, yes. I'm ready to into it. First of all, have y'all seen this whole interview with Young Miami and Shannon Sharp? Yes. First of all, I love the whole interview. I thought she's so entertaining. She's cute. And I don't know, the question she was asking was like so on point, but the one thing that's really got the internet into Frenzy is she basically said that she would allow, You know, her guy, whoever she's in a relationship with, he has four chances to cheat.


Mm. So she wouldn't leave. We cheated one time, two times, three times. She would say not till the fourth time when she'd be like, all right, I'm done. So a lot of people are like, okay, that's real. Like, 'cause You know, men gonna do what they do. So like, why would I leave a good man? He runs out, makes a mistake or whatever. But a lot of people are like, nah, like that's crazy. Why would you like out loud say that like four times is a lot to let a man disrespect you like that. So what's y'all take on that? Well, first of all, how old is she? I don't, I don't, I don't count the times. I mean, You know, there are situations, You know, there's temptation out there, but I look at how you move, just, I'm not counting the times.


If you, you make your mistakes, it, it has to be to a point where I'm just fed up and enough is enough. Like I'm not, well you're not counting, so it could be 10 times, but it is with, it's, there's no number to, it's just shit with someone and You know, things happen. I'm not gonna count, oh you cheated one time you cheated two times you cheated three times. It's, it's basically how the respect and how you move. Like if you just out here moving reckless and just cheating and it, it's just known and it's just embarrassing and it comes back to me, then that's a different story.


But me counting to get out of a relationship, no, I'm not. I'm not. That's just my opinion. I'm not counting. So it depends on hi, how he moves. So say he was cheating in peace and quiet, nobody knew but you then it's different. We'll talk about it. We'll speak on it. It's just cheating is not gonna be the main reason of why I, why I get out of a relationship. So can if you cheat, but other people know about it, it's not about, it's not just about the cheating. Like cheating is not my main deal breaker. Cheating is not gonna be my, my deal breaker in a relationship. It has to be a little bit more than just cheating and how you move and how the relationship is.


It's not just gonna be cheating. Okay. I think for me it's like when I was younger I would tolerate more just because I was learning myself. I was a little like not confident in my how I'm moving or feel like I was gonna lose out on this person or let me just bend to their rules. So like, I feel like now being older, I look at the cheating as disrespectful, habitual, distracting, like very behavioral and very much of your character. So like depends on like of the intention and where we're going and wanna take this relationship. And we both had this open dialogue of this open dialogue of just really like, what are your boundaries?


What are your insecurities, what are your deal breakers? That's what I'm set on. And I know now going forward in these relationships that I don't want that, I don't wanna feel like I have to be looking through your stuff. I don't wanna feel like I need to be hearing on the word on the street, just all these things. I wanna be set in that situation where I'm not even thinking about that. We should be thinking about what we're investing in. What else are we doing? What's our next date night? What vacation we're going on? You know, it's not really supposed to be about the cheating, but you can, you can think about, you can think about that and still, somebody can still just, I mean they just go out and cheat. They go out and have like, again, people look at, at relationships like it's so perfect.


Like people can say, oh, I couldn't do that. I wouldn't do that. Meanwhile you man out here having a whole nother relationship, You know, screwing off on Yeah. Everybody else And you don't know it. You think you have a perfect relationship. So like you say, you're not gonna focus on cheating. That's why I say it's, it's not a number. It, it takes more to end a, a long-term relationship, especially if someone that you're in love with, it takes more than just cheating. I just say whatever the boundaries are, You know. But if you go, I feel like for young Miami to make this statement like four times, like I'm allowing it four times. I feel like that means you're going into a relationship. Yeah. And you're putting it out there.


That cheating is okay as long as you only do it three times because the fourth time I'm done. So I just feel like that's a very like interesting take on relationships in general because I feel like you get into relationships because you wanna commit to somebody fully. Like you wanna commit to them in a way where they're not dealing with anybody else, like sexually, emotionally, whatever. So once you make that commitment, if you going into it saying, okay, well I know they probably gonna cheat, but they only got this many times before, You know, I'll set, like before I leave, I feel like you're setting yourself up to have a relationship failed.


Yeah, no, that's true. And it's like basically saying like, you don't deserve a relationship where you won't be cheated on where the other person can't commit to you. Like, you don't believe that you can attain that relationship like that. It's not real. Like you think monogamy doesn't it, it doesn't exist basically it's like you're setting yourself up already, You know? Especially if you're putting it it out there And you having a, yeah, she, you went on this big platform with Shannon Sharp And you told the world that I'm gonna stay with a man until he cheats on me for the fourth time. So it's like, I'm sure she has a lot of men who are interested in her. So now they hear this and they're like, okay, cool.


Like bet I can get with her And I can do whatever I want. I just gotta make sure she don't find out four times. Like, You know what I mean? Like, it's just, we, even though it's like we all go into a relationship, we all want the same thing. We all wanna be able to trust in somebody. We all want it. Like, And I mean, I'm not saying like, it's like, I don't wanna sound like naive or like a hopeless romantic or whatever, but I feel like we should still like for our own sanity and like as women and our respect, like we shouldn't go into relationships saying stuff like this. Like, we should believe that we can be with somebody who's gonna respect us and You know, but things happen, like you said, Sharelle, Like, You know, people make mistakes And I understand like she then may not be like the end all be all for people, You know what I mean?


But I feel like we still as women, that men should have a standard expectation. And And I agree. And, and if you don't want that, then don't be in a relationship. And if you feel like you don't deserve that, then that's a whole nother thing and a whole like, we need to go to therapy And we need to. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's a whole thing. I feel like it's a self-love thing. Like I would never put that into the universe. Like I would be with a man And I would, I just wouldn't put that energy into the universe. Like of course, I, I don't think like cheating is like the end all be all. But like, I'm not gonna sit there and be like, well he got this many times. I just feel like that's just not the energy you should put out into the world.


That's not what you want for yourself. So why they say that, You know, it's to each their own and what they can tolerate, what they wanna deal with, how, what their relationship looks like. I mean, for me being married, being divorced, being cheated on being whatever the case may be, I am not tolerating it in my situation. If I'm being intentional with you, I'm setting those boundaries, those values, those those railings up asap. Like, this is what I'm not tolerating because I've healed through that already. I've, I know where the flags are and especially, oh, I, yeah, I'm just not gonna, I'm not tolerating it. Oh, you feel like you can find a man that's just gonna be fully faithful.


Yeah. And you hundred percent. 100%. And going back to what Ashley says, we don't do that. I'm putting that out there. Why would I wanna say I want a portion of a man? I want a portion of a part. No, it's, you want a portion of a man, but it's just expectations. Like I just feel like I, I want people to live in their truth. I want them to live in their truth. People live in their truth, but no one is perfect and things are gonna happen. But would you just, you, so basically if you find out a man cheated on you, you're done. Absolutely. It's not for me. So Sharelle, you don't feel like you are being realistic if you go out into this world as a single woman looking for a man who can commit to you And you only like, you feel like that's not being realistic.


It's not. I'm just being honest. It's not why should the bar solo low? It's not setting the Barlow. It's realistic. It's real. Nah, i's not real. I want, I want more. It's majority. But then who wants the same things? Like you just haven't nothing. And those men name a man, that's, that's ha that has been straight up faithful name one I'll wait that has not ever cheated. Is that, no, I don't know that. I don't, I can't name I make that either, man. That's not what we're talking about. But what I'm saying is no, but I do think it, it's realistic to want something from somebody and Yeah, yeah, you want it for other people.


But that wasn't my question that I asked Alexis. I asked Alexis was could she find a man that will be faithful to her fully and if he did slip out, she's done completely. Yeah. And she said she's done completely. So basically if, if he cheats one time, whether it's physically or emotionally, she's out because this man is gonna spend time with me. He's gonna be intentional, he's gonna be sent from God. And I know for a fact he's gonna know where my heart is and know where my mind is. And it's a lot going on over here. You know, like, don't you, You know, we're penetrating souls. And so once you start intertwining all that, putting my health in jeopardy, my mental health in, in jeopardy, I just know this person, whoever my person is, is gonna know who I am and know that is the non-negotiable for me because I've healed my way through that.


That is a, that was a dark spot in my life. So it's triggering, You know? So how dare that person that I'm spending time with, that I'm building with that I'm like, want a relationship with that I'm loving on that. I'm being romantic with how dare them disrespect me with one of my non-negotiables? That's not my person. I feel like, especially at our age, if you looking for somebody who wants the same things that you want, if you're putting those intentions out there, I feel like there's less of a, maybe less of a chance. Yeah. You know what I mean? That it could happen. But if you are going into a situation saying, I know all men cheat, you're probably gonna end up with, you're gonna get that, give that or Oh yeah.


Those are your intentions. Those are the vibes that are creating your situation and your relationship. Well I think my, my question, my thing that right, my thing is not what I'm trying to get at, what the Alexis is, people make mistakes for sure. And her thing was her biggest boundary. If you cheat on me, I'm done completely. What I'm saying is people do make mistakes. No, you don't go into relationships saying that all men cheat or all women cheat. No, because you're basically putting it into existence that it happens. What I'm saying is no one is perfect And I nine times outta 10 mo most relationships they look for just a hundred percent like faithful.


But things happen to people and, and there's some way in relationships, the biggest thing is cheating is not the, the downfall in my relationship. It takes more because things are gonna happen. But I would not just end a relationship just because you cheated it. It, it's just more. So my question to Alexis was, so you're non-negotiable basically, if he cheated on you one time, someone that you are in love because he cheated on you one time, you're completely done. Yes. That's not my story. I'm not agreeing with Isha or anything. That's not my portion. That's not my, that's not my destiny. That's not in my spirit. I'm not a cheater. I know that I'm disciplined And I not that that you're looking for it.


No, it's not, it's not an option for me. I'd rather have open dialogue and let me decide what I'm gonna do with it. Don't go behind my back. Don't be doing the sneaky stuff. If we locked in, we have this dialogue of what it is that you are trying to do with me. Alexis, You know, y'all know my stance on even having multiple relationships like polyamorous. It's not for me. I want someone And I know I'm gonna have someone that's locked in with me fully. Now i it is just not, it's just not, it is non-negotiable. Like do you all think that emotional cheating is different than physical cheating? Yeah, I definitely think it's different. They're both both the same.


I think they're both, I think they're both wrong. I feel like women tend to do like emotional cheating. I feel like emotional. It's worse. I was gonna say much money. You think it might be worse? Yeah. I feel like emotion. Physical cheating though. So it's like, yeah, if you're, if somebody, if if somebody is interested in somebody else emotionally, like physically, they, especially for a woman. 'cause once you get their heart in their mind, like their body is gonna follow, right? So I don't feel like men can, You know, go have a one-off with somebody and like they don't think about them, call them or anything after that. So yeah, I would probably say emotional is worse.


Like Sharelle said, that's fine. But yeah. What if you found out that your friend's man was cheating? Would you tell your friend or would you keep it to yourself? Well, we need to establish what a friend is first of what type of friend is it? Exactly. Listen. Yes. Okay. This is a friend. Y'all aren't the best of friends but y'all, You know, y'all are social friends. You go to dinner, you've had some private conversations before. That's none of my business. I'm staring out of it. Okay, what about you? Like, woo, that's a tough one. I feel like if we have a better relationship friendship, then I need to say something.


Especially if I broke bread with this couple, especially if I've had, You know, dialogue and we're in the same room of just a few people. I'm gonna have to say something. Especially because if I'm out And I see something inappropriate, again, being someone that has been married, and again with my cheating tolerance and all this thing, I just will feel some kind of way holding that in and yeah, we'll take the repercussions nine times outta 10 women do go back to whoever, You know what I mean? So then the, the friend is always the one that's asked out. So low key. If it's not a a, if it's not a friend that I would risk losing, then You know, I'll, I'll just say it, You know what I mean? But if it's somebody that's like my sis, I gotta say something.


'cause this violates right? Got,


Is this a good time? It's me, Dylan Mulvaney and my dear friend Joe Locke from Heart Stopper and Agatha all along is my very first guest on my brand new podcast, the Dylan Hour. It's musical mayhem and it is going to be so much fun. I like a man. You like a man. What do I like Joe? You like a man too. We often, there's some you have quite similar, there's some cross pollination happening in here. Not like no. Have we? No, no, not Yet. Never yet. Not say never. I cannot wait for all you girls gaze and they to join me on this extremely special pink confection of a podcast. There is so much darkness in this world. And what I think we could all use more of is a little joy. Listen to the Dylan Hour on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your podcasts. Love ya.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing Herein. Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I started to live a double life when I was a teenager, responsible and driven and wild and out of control. My head is pounding. I'm confused. I don't know why I'm in jail. It's hard to understand what hope is when you're trapped in a cycle of addiction. Addiction took me to the darkest places. I had an AK 47 pointed at my head. But one night a new door opened And I made it into the rooms of recovery. The path would have roadblocks and detours, stalls and relapses. But when I was feeling the most lost, I found hope with community And I made my way back this season, join me on my journey through addiction and recovery. A story told in 12 steps. Listen to REMS as part of the Michael Lura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people in immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like be respectful or made out of the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when you're invisible as part of the My Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


If it's a a best a close friend, I'm definitely saying something. But if it's someone that's a social friend, I'm not saying anything because I don't know what the situation is. Correct. I don't know if they have an open relationship. I don't know if if this persons aren't just, You know, they have a private breakup and You know, we don't know about it. So I stay out. If you're not close to me, I'm not in your business. Yeah. That's just what it is because you, it's just, it's too much confusing syndrome my mad like I don't see you in my, my business and drink my water. I have definitely see some people's husbands out. It needs Miami streets. Okay. Did you say something? You say something? No, no, no, no, no, no.


I am not getting into that. And it wasn't like a close friend of mine, so I didn't feel obligated at all. But I did wanna run up on him and like, I see you, like I see you do You know like we can see you, like you outside. I'm new for a pull up. Like I'm okay with pulling that little, Hey, how y'all doing? What's your, I'm gonna pull up. I'm definitely gonna make the situation very uncomfortable. And I just feel like if I see you outside too, it's like if you're that bold to be outside with another woman, I feel like friend girl, she probably know. Like she probably knows something. You know what I'm saying? If you have the audacity to be outside like in our hometown with another lady she know already.


You know what I'm saying? So I definitely wouldn't, I wouldn't say anything. But yeah, that is a tough situation to be in. It depends, like, like y'all said, it depends on the situation, how close you are with that person. Because like l said, nine times outta 10, that person is going back to the them and they're like, you don't know what they can say, man, they lying. Exactly that. Now you done got yourself caught up in the mix. Yep. That's a close friend baby. I'm gonna have proof video, record tape, pictures, do my little research girl that video record send, send a drink over. I gotta have the bottle because, because You know they gonna lie. So you gotta have the food. Yeah. They're gonna be like, you gotta take a video, get some evidence.


Everything. Yes. You gotta have the evidence. We're doing the detective work. Yeah, no, I, I'm letting somebody know I have to, especially if that, if that's my girl, we gotta we gotta have a discussion. Yes. You know? Yes. Yes. Okay, well next topic. So we recently saw LeBron in Zuri hanging out together, going on a date night. And there was also future that was singing at his daughter's Sweet 16. So what do you guys think about like, this just, I mean, I think we just wanna like really acknowledge our humble daddies, daddies, You know, just in general of just like how our black men and just men in general of stepping up and just really like being a force for their families.


What do you, what are you guys kind? I'm, I'm, I'm gonna add one more to it because we didn't highlight it. Shout out to Chad. Like Chad did something. And You know what, that's why you my, that's why you my dog. Yeah. He took all his girls on a trip. Just daddy and daughter time. I love that. And I just, I just loved it. All his daughters, they went to Dominican Republic, spent time with them, took him on excursions, like the whole nine yards. Like he really had the photographer there. I felt a little jealous. I was like, okay. Oh, not a little jealous. And I left it so much because I, You know, I, I was like, okay. I like, they were so beautiful. They were dressed alike. He had the photographer, he just made them feel like queens.


So he was set. I love a father that just set the standard. That's so shout out to all the humbles that out there. That's Yes, I agree with that. Yeah. Yes. Kudos to Chad. Like he is a, a girl's dad. Like I saw him out there posing with the girls. Super cute. Yeah, super, super cute. I saw futures daughters Sweet 16. It was like a little mini rolling out. He had all the, he had Travis sky, sexy, red, Red, I think science He performs. I was like, okay. Like it was lit. It looked like she had the best time.


So the daddy are showing up. Yeah, it's, it's necessary. You know, we need help guys when it's necessary. It takes two to have these babies in the first place. And so it's, it's actually been be beneficial for me to really like, like since I have my co speaking of, my kids are with their dad right now for spring break. So I have, I can do way more work at home. I can do whatever I need to do. I can travel, I can move around. So it really is giving me a break low key because we need that. We need to like recalibrate our minds and our, and our spirits and our energy. And so like low key has been helpful that he takes that on. And so it's like, shout out to, You know, blended families too because it, it definitely takes a village.


And I, that's what I was I was gonna get into. I was I didn't mean to cut you off Alexis. How would y'all feel if okay, some, a father-like future he has How many kids? No, This is a question. That's a great question. Maybe. Okay, let's say like maybe six or seven, I dunno, you have, you have some fathers that go above and beyond for some kids. And then some of the kids, they just don't do anything. You mean like in blend families or just in general? In the blended families. Like okay, they have like several baby mamas. Yeah. And okay for this child, I'm gonna do all, I'm gonna go all out. That's very common. But for this child, because I hate that baby mama, I'm not even in that child's life.


That's a turnoff for me. Yeah. Like in this day of Like, You know, in this day he had in this day of just dating, if I see that you're not talking about your children And I know you have them. Like if you're not involved, if you're not trying to schedule things and really be mindful of the these children, then it's a turnoff for me. I'm like, what's going on? That's not attractive. That means you have no time management. That means you have no like regard to your blood walking on earth. So it's an immediate red flag for me. If you or you, you have children and you're not talking about it, like, I wanna get to know you. I wanna know who you are. Like if you have little people walking around this earth, how involved are you?


You know, the more involved the sexier that shit is Like, You know, so IS acting Is that child is innocent over, what'd you say, boo. Another const. It's okay. Another time zone. No, no, I what I was saying is it just, you can't take it out on the child. Correct. That's, that's what I don't like. Like you knew what you was doing when you were doing what you was doing and then now that, You know, they kept the baby, now that that child is coming into this world without a father figure And you treating the child wrong.


Yeah. Right. Yeah. And I feel like we see this a lot, honestly. And it's very, very unfortunate to see it. And I feel like it's, You know, always it's a big, big difference. It's, it's not like some kids get and it's mainly our people. It's unfortunate. Yeah. Like we see like them doing the grandest things for some kid and then some kids get nothing. Like it's, it's crazy. And I wonder Like, You know how that ultimately like re like affects the children, You know what I mean?


Like they feel Like, You know, they're less than the other kids. Like I'm sure Like, You know, that's gonna do some damage, some long-term damage. Absolutely. That's, that's it is heavy And you wanna be open and have that, you just wanna be open and have that dialogue for sure about who you raising, who you not raising. You know, it's all rooted and stimulated from just how you were raised too. So it's, it's crucial when you legacy building and shout out to future, my bad. He has four kids. Thank you for our check on that. You know, I did put him out there. I think he has more than one. I thought he had more than four. I thought he did too. But I guess the fat checking is is four so, right.


Is that right? No, I think she has more. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know about that fat check. Yeah, its fine. It's fine. We don't have to back check that, but, but shout out to all the fathers out here representing because we definitely need to see more of that. Shout out to Big Phil. He's always holding it down for me so I could be doing the Humble Baddies podcast. He's, You know, taking care of the kids right now. So shout out to you boo. Do you, do you all think with parenting? With parenting, yes. Do you think you, it's different raising boys Ash compared to like us.


Sharelle, you And I, we have a, we have boys and girls. So do you think like it's a difference of influx with the father, father raising boys compared to like raising the girls in general? Ash? Like what do you think? I'm just curious. Is it a difference? What, like having a father, what's Ash? What's the question? I just feel like, I just feel like as far as what, what fathers, they're more lean on their girls than the boys. The boys, they're gonna be hard. They're gonna break. You know, they have, that's that soft spot.


I dunno, I feel Like, You know, I am a girl's dad. No, I'm a daddy's. I'm a daddy's girl and my dad was very strict on me. Like he, he did not play, but I was still a daddy's girl even up until like I was grown. Like my dad was very strict on me. You know, like when I got pregnant he stopped talking to me for a month or two, You know, because we weren't married yet and he had girl, my dad did the same thing. Yeah. He had these expectations of me, You know what I'm saying? So, but I do feel like having that strong father's presence in my life really did shape the woman that I am today.


And it shaped Like, You know, my preference in men. So, and then now that I'm a boy's mom and You know, my husband is very hands-on with my children, I can see, You know, how his presence, him being, You know, 'cause a lot of people, You know, they have their fathers around or their husband's around helping with their children or whatever, but they're just kind of there. They're not really like fully present. Like the mom is very much like the default parent or whatever they call it. But like Phil is very, very hands on And I can, And I can see how kids presence in their life is, You know, shaping them into the young men that they are.


So I do think like having a man, a man in the household absolutely like makes a difference in like raising your children. And I know it personally from, You know, being raised by a two parent household and now raising my own children in a two parent household. But when it comes to Like, You know, the difference between raising boys and girls, all I got is boys right now. And thank God child because I just feel like I wouldn't know what to do, how, where to start and raising a little girl. And y'all are doing amazing. Like, y'all daughters are beautiful. They're so smart, they're so respectful. You know, they're everything that I would want a daughter to be because in this crazy world that we're living in right now and all these outside influences, like, I just don't know how I would, You know, maneuver and do everything.


So kudos to y'all because y'all are the best moms. Y'all children are amazing and y'all don't always have somebody else to help you and support you in the way that you need. You know, the typical way, You know? So y'all are killing it. So y'all tell me child, I would have to get, get notes from y'all on how it is raising young women these days. It's definitely not easy, but it's, I feel like it's, look, wait, serenity come over. What'd you say? Phil and Fox raises Serenity.


I know. You know, it's the cute thing. It's so cute when Serenity comes over the boys Absolutely. Into different little boys. I'm like, oh, y'all do know how to be gentle. Oh, I thought y'all was giving her, they be giving her a hint like, mom, we want a sister. Aw. They're like, well let's do some practice ing hand all they want, but not happening over here. Okay honey, it is locked up. Okay. Not locked up. Locked up. Not playing them game. Yeah, no, the baby making factory is shut down over here. Okay. Absolutely not. So y'all bring our daughters over so we can get our little daughter time in because that's all we gonna get.


That's alright. I know that. Sorry. I love it. I love it. I love it. Well, speaking of Darters, did you see where Felicia Rashad was on the Breakfast club and she, you see that and they were tapping to her. Great. What'd I said? That was a great interview. Yes. Yes it was. Did you see where she was talking about how there's an influx of how there's a of nudity with our young queens and the influence on Hollywood. So since we are talking about the ladies and, and growing them up in a certain kind of way, what are you guys' thoughts on that? You know, I feel like she's like the auntie, like not even the auntie.


I feel like she's grandma, honestly. Not saying 'cause she old, but like she still has that old school like mentality, that old school like upbringing that's kind of like, we don't get that as much anymore, but she's like one of the last few left that's like here. And like we listen to And we respect And we appreciate. And so I think she's just coming from like that old school style of like, we should be covered And we should, You know, there's a certain way that a lady acts and talks and You know, there's something that we all can like take from that because we're slowly like getting away from all of that. And You know, I myself, You know, I like to be naked most of the time when I go out like my face and swallow.


You know what I'm saying? I like to show a little ass and titties here and there, You know what I'm saying? You know, I really like pushing the limits with my outfits, You know what I'm saying? But I feel like that part of me is coming from a like woman empowerment, right? Or I feel like maybe she might be old school in her thinking. You know? I feel like now women feel, You know, powerful and strong and confident enough to come out and wear whatever they wanna wear. And Noah doesn't mean like we're out here having sex with everybody. It's just we're confident in who we are. We like how, You know, we look, we love our bodies and we're confident in it.


So I think there's truth in a lot of wisdom in what she was speaking on. But I also think, You know, we're in a new day and age and we're taking control of our bodies and our choices and You know, I don't think there's anything that's true. Ashley, I'm with you on that. I feel like there's a, there's a point where you, you can, you can still be sexy, show some skin and be classy with it. But then there's, there's that point when you get to Bianca, Kanye Weiss, Kanye ex what, whatever his name, Kanye's wife.


Like, I would never go to that line. Not true. But to show skin, show legs, I like showing, You know, my body, my curves and everything. But still in a respectful way. There's levels to it. Yeah. I, I agree. You know, I, I tell my, my children and really my daughters specifically because they show their bodies more often obviously than the boys do. But I feel Like, You know, we're in the, the age of female empowerment, self-love, self-empowerment, improvement, health journeys, whatever it is to make you confident. And so I feel like they, their generation is very old school and very much set in their ways.


And they're like a little, it's a little bit of, I don't wanna say jealousy 'cause I don't wanna give them that, but it's almost like, woo, they can talk what they, how they wanna talk. 'cause they were basically censored. We can move how we wanna move. We can wear what we wanna wear, we can travel, we don't, we're choosing not to have children. We're choosing not to get married. So we're just in these stages of really who it, of really just projecting our authentic selves. And that's trickling down to my children because it's like, they're so much more confident than I was at that age to where they, they know what they're wearing. And then also when you're adding like spirituality or religion to it, they're so smart where they know, well I wanna be more modest around this person because it's older, older pe like the elders are around, or I'm in this setting, or it's more professional, or whatever the case may be.


So it's about teaching them about balance and really much how to carry themselves. But I love that both, You know, my, my daughters and my sons are very confident in who they are, their bodies. Because it's hard out here, social media has made it extremely difficult for our children. That's the difference too in the generation. My mom, my mom is like, she can see the on face. She's a facebooker. So like Facebook is more like post of these are the, this is the family and this is graduation. Whereas like Instagram is I instant gratification. You can buy things, enhance things in the quickness. And so it's like we see that being able to touch both generations.


But our younger ones are very much in this space of just more open, more honest about who they are. And it's the colors, it's the tats. It's the piercings, it's all these things and they're the rebels. You know what I'm saying? And I'm here to embrace it. I love it. Express yourself. Yeah. You know. No, I agree. But I, I, I, I feel she feels like she has this beauty and responsibility to speak with wisdom and come from this whole place. You know, like she's always been like the black representative. Like everybody looks to her, You know, as an example, as a role model.


You know what I mean? Like she's bears that weight of being, generation being our kids don't know who that is. Yeah, exactly. So I mean, times are changing. Yeah. You know, we can still respect her, her views and take something away from it. But yeah, she's just part of that old school mindset and there's nothing wrong with that. Nothing wrong. I think nothing we need to keep that, You know? Yeah.


Is this a good time? It's me, Dylan Mulvaney and my dear friend Joe Locke from Heart Stopper and Agatha all along is my very first guest on my brand new podcast, the Dylan Hour. It's musical mayhem and it is going to be so much fun. I Like a man. You like a man? What do I like Joe? You Like a man too. We often, there's some, there's quite similar, there's some cross pollination happening in here. Not like no. Have we? No, no, Not yet. Never yet. Say never. I cannot wait for all you girls gaze and they, to join me on this extremely special pink confection of a podcast. There is so much darkness in this world. And what I think we could all use more of is a little joy. Listen to the Dylan Hour on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your podcasts. Love ya.


This Is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I started to live a double life when I was a teenager, responsible and driven and wild and out of control. My head is pounding. I'm confused. I don't know why I'm in jail. It's hard to understand what hope is when you're trapped in a cycle of addiction. Addiction took me to the darkest places. I had an AK 47 point at my head. But one night a new door opened And I made it into the rooms of recovery. The path would have roadblocks and detours, stalls and relapses. But when I was feeling the most lost, I found hope with community. And I made my way back this season, joined me on my journey through addiction and recovery. A story told in 12 steps. Listen to Krems as part of the Michael Luda podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like, be respectful or made out of the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when you're invisible as part of the My Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What else? What else? What else We all, but yeah, you are raising boys. So is there, what if they brought home a girl Ash that You know, just came and had Like, You know, a little brawled on and, and You know, some little, little shorts or something And You know what, how would you feel if they brought a girl like that to the crib? You know, I feel like no, they don't. I, I think, I think it depends. It depends because right now I'm very much in control of who they're around. You know, I'm very much in control of like who their friends are and everything. So I know that's not always gonna be the case.


But I try to, You know, steer them in a direction of like, these are the kind of women that you should be interested in. And, You know, I honestly am, I feel like I would be open to arranged marriages. Really? Okay. Like, I'm trying not to go that far, that far say. So when You know the family, You know this little girl, You know their background And we making agreement with the family. Like, Hey son, you got a daughter, we should, You know what I'm saying? So all about, like right now I'm just trying to steer them in the direction of like, this is what, You know what I'm saying, you should be going course. But I know that may not be like, realistically what happens.


So, You know, I wouldn't judge the girl, but I you probably hard on yours. I'm trying. I swear to God I'm trying not to be that mom. Like I don't wanna, like, I feel like I went through some tough times with my mother-in-law. So I'm very much being as conscious and like intentional about how I treat my future son's interests. Love interests or whatever. But I definitely am trying to do my part while I can to like steer them in the direct of where I want them to die. Yeah. You feel me? We have to. That's what rearing is. So, so they brought home somebody in, they always got the opposite.


Maybe. Possibly. But if they brought home somebody in like a skimpy outfit, I mean I would, I would try to show them that, I don't know, I would be nice to the girl, but I might explain to them why this choice may not be the best. Is there something wrong with that? No. You gonna base it off clothes, Ashley? I mean, no, I, I wouldn't base it off clothes, but if she's like fast and she's wearing them clothes, then yeah. I'm gonna be like she, she's asked. No, you be judgey. I would, I would be too. Yeah, there's layers to it.


You're right. Yeah. Leave it up to my daughter. They'd be like, we heard or we, that's not a good one. You know, mine will chime in and add little 2 cents. Oh no, I'm like, I said I'm gonna be old school with it. I wanna know who your mama is, who your daddy is, who your auntie is, what church you go to. You know what I'm saying? Like Ima diggy. Well what she could say, well, well miss where Miss Willer you wear it. I see you wear it. That family history. I'm gonna be like, I'm grown and I'm married. You are trying to get to where I'm at. So, You know what I mean? I don't know. I feel like she better not say that to me. I feel like that's disrespectful. You don't talk to a grownup like that.


First of all, I don't like that. So she already out next. I might be bad Lord. She, I I might be bad with them. I don't know. We'll see. I'm gonna let y'all know. But I'm trying not to be. I'm trying not to be. Do you think Hollywood has made it hard on our young girls? Like what, what would they have to wear and just a little pressure of like instant fast fashion And I, oh my God, I couldn't imagine being like a young teenage girl right now. Like when we was in high school, Like, You know, we tried it like we might change our shirt or something. Yeah, tuck it in the backpack. Yeah. You know, but Now you gotta have like the 30 inch bus down.


You gotta have makeup, you gotta have lashes, you gotta have nails. Like you gotta have a body, You know you gotta have a budget. Exactly. So listen, listen y'all, it's not the same. When I was in school, I snuck some clothes in my backpack to change. It was this little skirt with this little tied up top. My teacher called my mom so fast. My mom came up there and told my behind up. I was in third grade. She was like, I crazy better than this. I thought I was trying to dress like aie that great. Oh my God. But I didn't dress like that. I just, I wanted, I wanted to, I was trying to be like one of them little other girls that I was not.


Not the other girl. My teacher was not because she was, she was like, she was like your mama. I know, I know the Allens, your mama raised you better than this. She called my mama. My mama came up there and to my behind up. Yeah. Well it's more than just the clothes Now. You gotta have everything. You gotta have the designer outfits, the designer bags, the jewelry. You gotta have the van cleats and the Cartiers. You gotta have everything now. So I mean for these little kids. Yes. Do you think music has done, has a big influence of that? Like the music industry in general? No, I think it's social media.


Yeah. You know, influencer influencing Yeah. Gamers and everybody making it seem like all these things are so attainable And you should have this or no. You know, the social media. Yeah. Are we, are we holding our men and are we holding social media? Do you think we are holding the boys at a different standard than the females? Hmm. I mean I think, I think boys and men have their own things to like, that they're pressured by and to do and to attain and all that.


But I think it, I think it's probably harder on the girls just from hearing like my friends dealing with like their teenage daughters and the things they go through. I think boys are a little bit more simpler, but they do have their things. But I think it's mostly like harder on the girls. I think, You know, boys still wanna be cool, You know? I think there's still like a lot of bullying and stuff that could happen. But I, I don't know. I feel like it's hard to be a teenage girl right now. I don't like my son for sure. And I don't like my son in a, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off. I was saying I don't like my son in like, hoodies all year round. It'd be hot outside.


Stay on the scooters with these hood. The hood down here or the poosh I sees they call it when they have like the ski mask. Oh yeah. My son loves that too. No, And I have to get on him like not wearing that. Yeah, it's hot outside. Wearing Miami and also wearing a stand your ground state And you, oh, that's a, what'd you say? Is that, what'd you say? Rel I think she, I think she might have frozen up on us in the other time zone over there. Right. But yeah, You know, so I, I think I do hold a, a standard with my boys a certain way just for like things like that just in these streets and how they carried themselves.


I wanna make sure they have eye contact, things like that. I guess that would be the only difference. I don't have. Oh, I don't hear worry about them not wearing certain things besides that. Are you about to say Brown? No, we still can't hear. That's okay. Okay, so let's move on. Yes. I wanna talk about Megan Good. And Jonathan Majors. Yes. They The Knot and are officially married. Yes. Yes they are. Yeah. So I mean I feel like all of this happened pretty fast. Like it was like when we found out they were together, we were like, oh, okay.


Interesting. 'cause he was going through all of that, his whole legal battles with the white lady and everything. And it was a whole thing. And he lost all of his deals. He had like movies coming out and he had major like deals that got taken from him and it was a whole thing. And Megan major, shoot, not Megan Big, well, she has Megan majors now. Megan Ma, his Coretta. Coretta. Yeah. She was right by his side through it all. And we was all kind of like side eyeing it. Like, this is cute, but it's also weird. Right. You know, like people were questioning Like, You know why?


Because he had said some, some weird thing, like it, their whole relationship was kind of like under scrutiny. Then they got engaged all of a sudden and now they're married. Yeah. So he was recently doing some interviews and said that because she decided to stand by his side through all of his legal troubles, that she lost a lot of endorsements. And so let's talk about that. I mean, how, how do you feel about, You know, potentially, potentially, potentially, potentially, You know, messing up like some business deals that you have going through for somebody, like for a love interest.


Like how far would you go standing by somebody's side? Do you agree that she should have been there through it all or should she have waited till he was done with all his legal issues? Should they have kept their relationship private until all of that was done? Like, what do y'all think about that? I would've kept their relationship private until it was all done. Especially with the situ. Megan is Megan. Megan is that girl. So I feel Like, You know, now that they're married, people go through things, people have done things and people rebound from 'em.


And she chose love for money. And I feel like it's, it's, it's a genuine relationship and it's, it's only up from here for them. I look at it like this. I mean, you can't help when you fall in love. Can y'all hear me? Yes. You can't help when you fall in love with somebody. I mean, whether it was fast or not, I don't know. They should have definitely kept their relationship private. But at the same time she was supporting him, showing up to trial, You know, right there. Just supporting him, being vocal about it. And that's what a wife is essentially. It's through sickness and health, richer for poor through death.


Death do his part. So she's definitely, obviously has made an influence on him and got him through a difficult time. And if somebody, You know, that you wanna invest your time in and your last name in and really being the, having the union of a marriage, you, they went through a such a, a, just a tur, like a turbulent time early. And that's probably is what made him more attracted to her and ready to like lock it down just because he was like, yo, she stood by me when I was at the lowest. And that's a testament to her too, of the fact that she is willing to bring this, this man up, You know what I mean? So like, I'm sure that was the ultimate for both of them to be Like, You know what? I got your back.


I'm doing these things more than a friend. You know what I mean? And then, so we built this foundation. It definitely was a little tough, but we went through it, we got through it, and here we are. So, I mean, I think it's at, it is beautiful, You know, in its own definite, definite way. Definite like a weird way. But at the same time, I get it as far as, You know, you just take your love with the good and the bad and the ugly, but about messing up the coins is tough though. You know what I mean? But should get it back. Yeah. I would say I would, I would say, You know, I really feel like their relationship has been so public from the start.


And I feel like it was a little unnecessary. I just think that he was going through so much, You know, in the public. Like, I don't know, I feel like I wouldn't have come out in public with him. Like, I feel like you, they could have kept it private. Private, yeah. I feel like I would've kept it private because I just don't understand why they needed to go public. Like their relationship moved really, really fast. And so to me it's like he's clinging on to her in a time that he really needs somebody to cling onto.


You know what I like, what are his motives? Yeah. And I, not saying like their relationship isn't real or nothing like that, but it's just clouded by so much, You know? And everybody's just, I don't know, I just feel like I would want our love to not be overshadowed by all the other things that he had going on. And then on top of that to like lose business endorsements and deals and stuff like that on top of that. To me it just doesn't make sense. Like I feel like we have to be smart. Like yes, we can be in love, You know what I mean? But like, we should still be smart about what we're doing and who we're attaching ourselves to publicly.


Like, like you said, Sharelle, like she's that girl, like she's Megan Good. You know what I mean? Like, I just don't understand why you would attach yourself to him so publicly so fast. I just don't understand it. But I wish them well. I wish they loved them. You know, I think they're a beautiful couple. But yeah, I just, I, I just, I don't really understand that part of it. Like they could have just quietly been dating this whole time and then once we forgot about all that he did and said and his legal troubles, they could have came out and started dating and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


But best of luck to them, You know? It's what it is. Congrats to the newlyweds. Hopefully we'll see a little baby, You know, maybe soon. Okay, well, so yeah, so, okay, now I wanna talk about Will Smith. Well, You know, I think we have a little time for Humble Baddies mail. Actually, I don't mean to cut you off though. What you thinking? You wanna have one more topic and then we have Humble Baddies. Y'all got time, I think. Well, you wanna do Humble Baddies And we can Humble Baddies mail. We Okay, go ahead. You got it. All right, I'll read it then. All right.


All right. This is from an anonymous batty out in Jacksonville, Florida. Okay, Jacksonville. Hey ladies. So I have my eyes on this guy and let me tell you, he's the whole package. He's smart, loves God, and he is giving full on sexy vibes. I first spotted him on Hinge, but lost his profile. However, I did some digging and found him on Instagram. Now here's the question. Should I slide into his dms?


And if yes, what should I say? Without sounding too desperate? What's the move add, please help anonymous. Well, Sherell is the queen of sliding in people. Dms. Gee. So Rell, did you hear it? Did you hear a little bit? It's so ghetto over here. Well, long story. I'm sure we have an anonymous from Jacksonville and she saw this guy, but they lost, she doesn't have his contact. So she's down on my Instagram and slid into dms. What should she do or say? So she doesn't sound so desperate. What's the move? What should she do?


Hey, hey big kid. Just that simple. Hey, big kid. Or just like a pick or something. Or just be professional or say, You know, Hey, how have you been? Oh my goodness, I haven't seen you in forever. How have you been? And either he gonna respond or he game. So shoot your shot. Yeah, shoot your shot. Is that what you saying? Shoot. Shoot shot. People got shot outta the waiting for a man. Shoot your shot. Yeah, I mean, girl, you might did that yet.


Like, come on. If you want Hinge, you gotta be side in people. Dms like, I feel like you do that first before you get on Hinge. Yeah, especially 'cause it's right there in front of you. You know, it's in your hand. Compared to Hinge, you gotta answer some questions and upload a profile. Instagram is already there. So I mean, what is Hinge? It's like a, it's like a dating service or dating A dating app. I'm sorry? Like a social dating app. Okay. Hge have over there Hinge. Hinge. Like a hinge, like connect, hinge, bring it together.


Yeah. Well, is it free or do you have to pay for it? For sure. I'm sure there's packages and like levels to it. Like VIP or some. I have no clue. I can only speak for like Raya or things like that. I'm not, I'm not familiar with Hinge, but you can connect on there, You know what I mean? But it's definitely, I feel like Instagram is your number one way of connecting. You know, I might be wrong on those stats, I'm not sure. But it's super easy. You have an advertisement, you see the profile, you've got a little information on 'em, and if you ran into them somewhere in public, like public, you can low key. That was just like your, your first initial. Now you can be in the comfort of your home and go and hit and sliding the dms like, like Rel did.


You know what I mean? Going down. It's going down. Sliding them D dms can get you in trouble. I mean, you never know. There's, there's lessons in life. There's lessons in love. That's true. That's true. Well go ahead and slide in them dms and see how they man that one. That's right. I think you should I, and be like, Hey, I saw you here and here and here. Connect the dots and then, You know, hopefully he can backtrack of his memory and y'all can lock in. So good luck to you anonymous from Jacksonville. Well, speaking of signing in and, and, and messaging and all that kind of stuff, y'all can message us for some more humble batting mail at contact at Humble Baddies dot com.


And we are here for all of your tea, your questions, your concerns, some shout outs or whatever. And You know, I think we wanna wrap it up, ladies. Huh? Now you over there? Yes. So much for tuning in. Thanks Rell for joining us. All the way from the mothers end. Yes. Alright, next time we're signing out. Love you. Love care.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from Broke to Woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing Herein. Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are your ears bored? Yeah. Are you looking for a new podcast that will make you laugh, learn and say gi? Yeah. Then tune into Loca Radio Season 10 today. Okay, now that's what I call a podcast. I'm the, I'm Maah, the host of Loca Tora Radio, a radiophonic novella, Which is just a very extra way of saying a podcast. Podcast. Listen to Loca Tora Radio, season 10 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Chrome's on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skarr. Sabine Renz, Spector five. I'm Taylor Gray as a Bridger Specter six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowe moderator. Each week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom Voices, za Spector four, or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. So Hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.