
This is an iHeart podcast. Show me how good it can get today, God, and show the rest of the world what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer, and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Rees. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer Hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast. From iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful?


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways and which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I know a lot of cops, and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser Incorporated.


I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I am Jeff Perlman. And I'm Rick Jarvis. We're a journalist and hosts of the podcast Finding Sexy Sweat. At an internship in 1993, we roomed with Reggie Payne, aspiring reporter and rapper who went by Sexy Sweat. A couple years ago we set out to find him, But in 2020, Reggie fell into a coma after police pinned him down and he never woke up. But then I see my son's not Moving, so we started digging and uncovered city officials bent on protecting their own. Listen to Finding Sexy Sweat on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Bon Bonte, Lexi. Yes, we are back. Y'all. Ashley Ashley here. Go say a few things that you learned while we were in Paris. Wewe. I learned Crystal, crystal Song, girl Song. That song, song, You know, was my favorite. I was like, that time no say, say what you said. They was like, you should say it like that.


That's kind of rude. What? I said, excuse Yes. They're like, no, that's not it. Excuse me. That my goodness. We had such an amazing time. Yeah. Yes. Tell the people where y'all were. Let 'em know. Remind them. So we went to see the Cowboy Carter Show in CX Live. It was just, yes. So amazing. I swear that show was better than Renaissance. So I didn't think that was possible to talk the Renaissance show.


It's like I wasn't expecting that. I was like, okay, it's country. I mean it's, it's Beyonce, so I'm gonna go see it. But I didn't expect it to be what it was. I mean, she really performed, the mic was on Honey was singing. Singing, okay. And she gave us songs from the Renaissance and she brought out Miley Cyrus and she played some of her old hits. Mm. I mean, she performed for three hours straight. Yes. It was beautiful. It was beautiful. Like that re's not a for real part of the beehive. So we need to hear from Rell, listen. Okay, hear this, Ashley, listen, this Ashley can vouch for me sitting right next to me.


And I had the time of my life. Like I was all into it. Like Beyonce, when you go to her concert, it's like, it's a whole performance. It's entertainment. It's like you're mesmerized. I don't know what the hell Beyonce be doing, but it's something that captures you into her where it is not a dull moment. Yeah. There was not one dull moment at her concert. Like it was, it was so beautiful. It was well performed. Everyone did amazing. My girl Blue showed out with her little dance and her walking like Baby Blue, blue came back and said, y'all ain't gonna talk about me no more. I'm about to show y'all so quiet. Who was giving two Gimme?


She was giving. I love it. Yeah. I love it. Do you all feel like watching a Beyonce overseas in a city of love like Paris, Paris, do you feel like it was a different energy compared to like watching her in the space After? Me and my friends, we always make a trip of it. So we saw Renaissance in Toronto. So like, we try to like travel to see her because I mean, I I, I've seen her show like locally and it's great, but it's something about being somewhere different and like making a trip with your friends. Yeah. It just makes it like 10 times more special. But I will say I did expect a little bit more from the Parisian crowd as far as their look.


I was expecting to see like, You know, just head to toe Cowboy Carter down. And I, but I feel given it was more tourists there than the actual local. Yes. I feel like it was, there was so many tourists that came to her, the show in Paris. It was crazy. You had to trying, they was like, oh my gosh, ULA lied that. Okay, because I thought this water and y'all right below, You know what? Below key, I think that Beyonce has, has made the cowboy look glamorous and Iconic and you can make it to what you wanted to be.


And it's very much giving Americana a very much like, this is America. You know what I mean? We're, we're prideful. We are cowboy chic. And that's where she's deriving it from. So maybe that's what it's, You know, Paris is known for fashion and high fashion and very much like, You know, style grace in their own way. But the Cowboy Carter vibe and the movement that y'all brought, which y'all fits, You know, y'all represented for the States. Even though we we going through it right now, You know, You know. But y'all were representing it. You know, y'all, y'all were beautiful. Like the messaging of her music, like of course I've listened to the album a million times, but it was something about watching her perform the songs and hearing the lyrics.


Like there's a message in her music and it's so just on par for what's going on right now. Like, it really is. So everybody yelling, go listen to the lyrics. I mean, it's just very, it's, she's making a statement and I love that. So you so you feel like she's evolved through her music? Because I feel like that's what some naysayers say is like, You know, she hasn't evolved. She's the same Beyonce. You definitely different. Like Sure. She's like stand, she's like basically saying like, she belongs to being country music. This black people started it like, this is where we belong.


Oh yeah. She gave, she gave you a list. She gave you a, it was so much started from the past present. She had Cyrus on there. Like it was just, it was kind, it was beautiful. Hey, so y'all Miss Jay-Z. I saw, I see. You know, I'm Why Jay-Z couldn't come out on Juneteenth came on the third night. We went on the first night. Oh. So she was there for three nights. So y'all warmed up. Y'all warmed it up for everybody. And I love that. I love that. It was beautiful though. It was, I love Paris. Paris is a, is a beautiful city. Listen, ate are behind off Ashley.


Yes. All the restaurants Ashley picked, they were perfect. Amazing. The food was amazing. I think I had lots supply the every day it was on me. Yes. I ate it. I ate it. It was good. I have you, You know, what is, what is dope about French cuisine? Like that's what I'm graduating in, is in French culinary, which set the standard, You know, so, You know what I mean? Like, they just, the epitome of grace. Like where do you think we get the word from Vale, like very, the opulence and the royalty that comes from France, You know, cafes and croissants and You know, all these different things.


Like just the elevated culinary experience. So I know exactly what you guys are talking about. 'cause they're just, the way that, You know, from learning in the culinary space, the type of cuss, the Brono, NOIs and the Julianne, all these things are derived from French culinary and French opulence. So I know y'all were eating good over there. Whoop. Love it. I love, I wanna give a shout out to, yeah. To Suelo Paris. Sulo Sulo Paris. They, Ashley got in a day late, but they hosted us for dinner. And when I tell you they laid it out for us, the drinks, the food, it was beautiful. The food was so good.


So shout out to Sue Low Paris for hosting us. When we got there. It was beautiful agents. I love that. Yes, ladies. Yeah. Get a ball. We turned places into like karaoke spots. We had little, we went to Aisha Lounge, we turned it out. We had the owners out partying with us. Ashley missed it. What's the other spot we went to? It start with the m mo Monarch. Monarch, I think it was Monarch. They hosted a shout out to them. They gave us a, You know, bottles. They laid out the carpet for us when we got there too. So they, Paris showed us some love while we was out there.


That's beautiful. Did you all get to do any sighting? Like go to the Shonda or just, or go her picture? Picture, but we've been to Paris like a few times, so I didn't really like, need to do all that again. But, but yeah. And we were in like, in and out. We were only there for a couple days, so I was there for the food and Beyonce mostly there for the food. Beyonce and a little shopping. I love it. I love it. Yes, ladies. But I, apparently we were staying, staying next to, I never heard Emily and I kept getting all these, these Instagram messages about, oh, Emily and Paris or something.


It's a, is it a show or something? We ate at the floor. Yeah. That's where Emily and Paris was at. Like, so where wherever we were staying at was one of the places that she was at as well. Because everybody, we was like, like, why everybody coming here taking pictures. But that was, and when I was walking I was like, okay, let me look into Emily in Paris. Yeah. My show. Yeah. One of my favorite hotels in Paris is the La Maurice. It's one of my favorite, favorite places. I have memories there. So. And what kind of memories you got there? Lex, I got, I got engaged there. My first enga, my first engagement was there.


How many engage, I mean, I'm gonna have my first and my last. How about that. But my first engagement was at the Laie. So I, I like it there. I like the, their lounge that they have there. It's one of my favorite places. It was just beautiful. We had like, yeah, Paris is gorgeous. Yes. We're gonna have to plan. That's a humble batty strip plan. Strip retreat. Let's go. Yes, the retreat. We still have the retreat. You need to plan. We haven't forgot about y'all. The retreat is coming. We gotta get on it. Lex enough about us. What you been doing girl? I have been chefing it up in the restaurant and smithing Websters just really in my bag.


Literally, just really just in my elements. Every day has been nonstop as far as just going and being creative and just being a presence in the kitchen. I found a new passion into it now to, to the point of where I'm just like, okay, now I see why I'm here. I see my purpose and I'm just really gravitating to that space and I'm just been elated, like people have been coming through and, and coming, like coming through and having the food and chopping it up with me. And it is just been really, really like, purposeful. And I'm just proud of myself with this progress because this is my first time in a, basically a commercial kitchen.


And to be in this restaurant, like high volume space and to really know that I did so much work to like, learn and to really, You know, improve my craft. This externship has been right on time for just the growth of Alexis. So I'm just like, more than ecstatic of just like, really being in the space and really understanding now and having more respect for every the ladies and the gentlemen that are in the white coats now that are behind the scenes navigating because people depend on us for food, nourishment, excitement, and all the ambiance and really just the curated experience. And it's just ignited the spirit in me of just like wanting to like now take off creatively and in the culinary space of what's needed.


So stay tuned for more. 'cause it's just, it's going down. I'm just, it's been, it's been great to be in my spa, my element, You know, like my lane. I have time now to like really focus on like my dreams and my goals and it's happening in real time. So it's been, it is been dope. Dope. And it's good proud of me. I can't wait. 'cause I'm ready to eat some Chef l food. I'm ready to, it's going down. Going down. Sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So here we are. I'm excited. Well, we got, well we do have some stuff coming up this weekend. Y'all ready?


I hope y'all know the lyric. What's up? What's going on? Last time I check out what's the man on the street? That's right. That's right. So I get to chop it up with y'all. We gonna turn up, have some fun, have a have a, You know, y'all got gowns ready? It's black tie. Oh, I'm ready. All right, me too. You ready, Lynn? Not yet. Not yet. Okay. But we'll be, I, she gotta get, I have a dress. It's too little simple, but I'm gonna make it work.


Yeah. It's, it's black tie, You know, like show up and show out. You know, it's, it's time to like really have that, that black excellence and that black, the culture, You know? I love it. It's beautiful. I, when he did his first you told me about this. Yeah, yeah. When he did his first one in Atlanta, I was like, he need to go on tour. And when I seen the tour, I was like, oh, I gotta get my ticket and I gotta get my ticket tackle. I'm excited Atlanta to Miami. Lord Jesus. I been craving Atlanta like old Atlanta. Yeah, he's really, why is that? Why is that? Because we're in Miami. I have a lot of friends that are born and raised in Miami and we have a battle at least once a year at a cookout at somebody house.


And we just do Atlanta mu music versus Miami music. And I really be having to hold it down for It's a difference. It's a big difference. It's a difference. For sure. Come point, Atlanta, it's going beat y'all every time. So this for me is everything. Like, I can't wait. I cannot, yeah. I'm super excited for it, You know, me kind to dress up like, You know. Yeah. I hope everyone like shows up, You know what I mean? Like, dress up. We don't ever get to like really dress up and since there's the orchestra and since there is just us, we gotta, we gotta, yeah, we gotta y'all, because y'all know sometimes I love my, I love us, our people.


Well, I already know what you about, say Sharelle. We gonna do right this time. We gonna show up. We gonna have on our gowns, the guys, they're gonna have on their t it's a beautiful date night or girls' night out, whatever. It could be girls, whatever. For, for for us. Yeah. Yeah. So it's gonna be good. We gonna show up. We're gonna be cute. You know, we gonna look real sophisticated and we gonna be rapping them lyrics to the symphony, ny Yeah. You know, it's, it's concert season. I feel like, You know, y'all just coming back from Beyonce and it's just like every couple weeks, it's like concert after concert after concert.


Chris Brown's coming at the end of July. My tribe wants to go to that. Y'all want me to chaperone because I, to get voice ready, she has a small baby tour. I was trying to her, Naomi Sharon, y'all know I'm listening to her. That's about No, You know. No, but she got a concert. It's gonna be in New York at the end of July. I'm trying to make it so I that Well, we going, I'm going to Morgan Wallen and I a few weeks, weeks with Array. Oh, I don't know. I'm going with Array. So we shall see.


This is, oh, she turned 20. Y'all. I have a 20-year-old Happy birthday. Happy birthday Ray. I just can't believe I have a 20-year-old. Like it's just this at this point. She ain't your daughter no more. That's your sister. Let me tell you something. She gonna forever be my sister. My daughter. No, my daughter. Okay, my baby. Because you done been through the most together. You know, there's something about the oldest. No, that's a, that's a joke. But I know what you're saying. Like, I ain't getting, I'm not getting older. You are getting older. So exactly. At this point we, we sisters now. Yeah. She gets a little upset when, You know, we go out somewhere like, oh, that's your sister. She's like, mm, now that's my mom. I'm like, you are my biggest hater.


Be your own kid. That's what I be telling my daughter. Girl, you getting older. I'm still staying my same age. You must, okay. I know that's right too. That's perfect. Show me how good it can get today, God. And show the rest of the world what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeds. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer, hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast that explores society, culture, and the intersections of faith and identity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian to hear conversations about what it means to sound the way you look.


I think what I've had to make peace with is that every iteration of my voice is given to me by God and I love it. Books That validated our identity. The Library now for me is a safe space as someone who is writing books that they're trying to take off of shelves And how we as black queer folks relate to our Christianity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Over the past six years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned one thing. No town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've received hundreds of messages from, from people across the country begging for help with unsolved murders.


I Was calling about the murder of my husband. It's a cold case. They have never found her and it haunts me to this day. The murderer is still out there Every week on Helen Gone murder line. I dig into a new case, bringing the skills I've learned as a journalist and private investigator to ask the questions no one else is asking. Police Really didn't care to even try. She was still somebody's mother, she was still somebody's daughter, she was still somebody's sister. There's so many questions that we've never gotten any kind of answers for. If you have a case you'd like me to look into, call the He and Gone murder line at 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Hell and Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the ME Eater Podcast Network, hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and me Eater founder Steven Ella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the Ice Age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, You Know, so join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today.


Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this Taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser Told them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission.


This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I Get right back there and It's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of Absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two, and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts. Well, let's get into it.


Y'all. We had so much going on. Now we gotta talk about what's going on. What we've been seeing in the media about people bragging about the soft life. Soft love versus Struggle. Love the rebrand of suffering in silence. Everywhere you scroll, someone is pushing the soft life agenda, luxury leisure, and men who pay bills without asking questions. But behind the filters, there's another side. Women's still pay playing ride or die for men with excuses, not execution. We've romanticized survival so, so much that anything less than suffering feels selfish. But let's be real, some of us have been mistaken chaos for chemistry and calling it loyalty.


The internet says we want peace, but our dms say otherwise. Hmm. Why do y'all think women still tolerate potential in men when it really pay pays off. But before we go into that question, what do y'all think about that? Like the whole, the soft life agenda and behind filters there's another side. How, what do y'all feel about that? Well, I think that, well, soft life is definitely, hold on where y'all go. Can y'all see me still? Okay. I think soft life is like, just like one of those things that social media like made up and blew up and it's like, it's it, it can be real, but it's, I feel like at this point though, it's just something that social media has put on this pedestal and it's something that you should, You know, work to try to get to.


And if you don't have it, then you ain't shit. You know? And I really hate that about it. It's always like, there's always something that's, You know, trendy and right now it's the the soft life thing, right? But there is a real side to it. The real side to it is these girls aren't really living this life. Like they are doing all kinds of things behind the scenes to make it look like, to have this illusion of a soft life. You know, they might be, I don't know, You know, doing things for money that, You know, they for a little bit of Exactly.


So it's like you just never know what these women are doing. And I hate that because young ladies don't know the difference. Some people just don't know the difference between what's real and what's not, especially on social media. But I mean, I think we all should want to live a true soft life. We all deserve to live a soft life. We all like, I think that is, You know, beautiful that we're tapping into this soft life, I guess trend because for so long I feel like, especially for black women, it was all about being strong and independent and that was wearing us thin and wearing us out. So, You know, while I do think, You know, we need to be careful with these trendy ideas of how we should be living and what we should be portraying on social media, I do think that it is beautiful to see black women, especially moving into this more soft white space and getting away from I gotta be an independent wom woman and I gotta do it on my own.


And if I don't, I ain't shit. So it's two sides to it. It's two sides to it as always. Yeah. To your point, Ashley, I agree with you. As far as, well in general, we have been struggling, especially black women for a long time. We're the, we, we have been breadwinners, we suffer, we are the nourishing ones. We are feeding, we are doing everything and always been overlooked. I look at it as it's a double edged sword. The fact that, You know, you see this soft light, you see this gram this glamorous life on Instagram, but we have to remember it's Instagram, it's an instant, it's a snapshot. It can be filtered, it can be AI generated all these things.


To me it goes back to bringing it as self care or like, You know, love for yourself. So whether it's like attainable to be like, let me just say this, like a bath or going to the spa or even solo dining, going to eat by yourself. All these things can be considered soft life too. But what we're doing is we are gravitating to the advertisement of like a man providing, You know, X, y, and z this opulent lifestyle. And we're starting to realize that again, like you said before, what are you doing? What are you doing for this? And it's not all that, all that glam glamorous. Are you happy? Is it temporary satisfaction?


Is it just like, You know, you are the flavor of the month? Like what are the long-term goals? What are the long-term like, benefits of it? Because it looks like it's just short-term satisfaction. And some, some women, like, because men have, You know, portrayed the soft life or they women portray the soft life for Instagram. So much like you, like you said, you don't know what's going on behind closed doors. Like is it really worth it to portray this so-called soft life when really you're hurting deep down inside. So sometimes you have to re reevaluate things. Is it, is it really worth it? No one person who I do love looking at, and I really do feel like she, she really is living a soft life.


I don't know if y'all follow her Shayla Ray world on Instagram. She's married to a a white guy. They, they're age, she's 40 and I think he's like 72. She's a black female and her husband is white. And it's just talking about their chemistry is so cute and she gets a lot of hate, but she eats it up on social media. Mm. I love, she portrays the soft life world very well. So if anybody I watch on the, on the Instagram, I definitely do pay attention to them and give them some of my time. 'cause I just love that story. Well it's like to each their own, as long as she's happy, this is what is destined for her.


This is where her situation is, her marriage, her relationship, then good for her. You know, I feel like everyone has destined to their own paths. And the goal is for someone to support whatever your path is, You know, and whatever you and your relationship, you and your partner come up with as far as what is for you and vice versa. What, what you need for this marriage, whatever that looks like, that relationship, that's, that's the ultimate soft, soft life where you can really love your partner, they can love on you. Y'all can do what you, you can be yourselves within a relationship. So to me that's the, that's the ultimate soft life. You know what I mean? Where it's, she seems like she, she would be happy, she's happy in her situation, despite their age difference, despite being interracial.


All the hate that they're getting, she's living her best life. And ultimately you who wants a hard life, You know? Yeah. She's, we only get one time at it, You know, so if she's happy, I'm happy. And I, I think every woman wants a soft life shit. I want a fucking soft life. I'm tired of being hard. I'm tired of showing that, You know, I'm a strong black woman. I'm, I can do this and I can do that. Ask that some. Yeah. But you also not gonna take crimes either. No. That's why I'm in the predicament. I'm being right now, single. Well, well I'm in the predicament. Wait, did you? Yeah. Thank you, Ashley.


Thank you Ashley. Ashley, listen, I love the life I'm living right now. The life I'm living right now is definitely giving soft life. Ashley, what you on? Great. Yeah, Ashley, thank you. I'm, I can, I can see what's going on. I it, You know, rich, rich now. That's funny. Okay, keep going. I'm what? Alright, moving forward. So why do you think women still tolerate potential in men when it rarely pays off?


We're investing. Don't you wanna, like, if you're taking the time, we're hopeless romantics, we're like, You know, it's we getting frustrated with the ones that we could be with or taking the time to invest in and pour into. So like, I feel like, You know, we getting into the point of like where we're choosing and what are we tolerating and what, what is worth it. You know, our time, our everything, You know what I mean? So I just look at it like, hey, You know, if I'm investing you, we, we are putting time limits. I, I mean, I don't wanna speak for everybody, but there are certain time limits, tip time limits. And like these portions of like, You know, okay, is this a situationship, is this just sexual?


Is it, what is this leading to? What's the goal? Is it intentional? Is this just another fuckboy? Like, we're starting to decipher, like what has taken up our time? You know, because we're balancing work and family and life and all these goals and all these other things. So, You know, is it settling? You know, I don't think so, but we're just not gonna tolerate some bullshit. I think we are set in our confidence and our independence too, to where it's like, is it really worth it? Our peace and everything we worked hard for. And You know, I've said this stat before, but most black women, for example, we own, we own our homes. We have more homes than, You know, our single black men.


So it's like, You know, we have benefits and, and, and we also are put on this beautiful pedestal of like, you gotta come in and, and try to be attainable to us. You know? So I don't think it's really about settling and, and really just like, You know, we, we are not playing around either, but this, You know, this is for women who still tolerate potential in men. I don't, I feel like I don't want to still tolerate the potential in men. I feel like women who still tolerate the potential in men, it's because they're, they're afraid to start over. Like they put in so many years or they're, they see something in that man that they want out of them, something good. So eventually they tolerate that per person so much because they think that they're gonna change.


Yeah. I think that some women might do that too, because we're kinda, I feel like our culture, we're taught to like, give people a chance and like, You know, wait it out and stick by your man and by his side. And like, we're taught that, You know what I mean? I feel like I don't really that a lot. Exactly. Cultures like the fears are like, he's, he's the one, he's the good one who come from a good family. His family got money, blah, blah, blah. Like, they have like their guidelines of what a man should be and they gotta check off the marks.


Where I feel like in our culture, it's more of like, well, he has the potential. He, he seems like he's gonna be this and, You know what I mean? It's like we have, it's, we're taught to, You know, seek the potential instead of seeking somebody who's already there and You know, checks off all the marks from the boxes. Which I think is just really strange that our culture is still kind of that way. You know? I feel like we're kind of moving out of it. The women, I feel like we are, but I still feel like it's something different in our culture in that way. But I feel like even when we move out of it, it's, it seems like we get criticized even more by moving away from it.


Like, we know it's not gonna pay off. We, we had enough, we realized that we're not gonna tolerate them anymore. And then once you make the decision to actually denim get out. Sorry y'all, I'm yelling at my denim. Hey de here, come here. No, do not do that. Don't do that. I'm not playing with you. Denim Know what I was saying? You said it's like when, when we start to move away from that situation or You know, we don't wanna tolerate the potential anymore and we see, we know that we, we, there's better out for us.


We get criticized for it. Oh, they can't keep a man, oh this, that, the third. It's like, You know, you want better, you deserve better. But, but, and that's where women who stay because they don't want the public. You know, all what everyone else wanna hear what everyone else have to say. So it's the society pressure that they get. So that's another reason I think why say, yeah. Yeah. It is societal. Like Ashley said, it's also generational. It's your family, it's your church, it's your, all these things. It's, it is very much a lot of pressure.


Yeah. Yeah. So is there a way to truly experience soft life while being in a committed relationship with someone who's still figuring life out? I think so. I think so. Yeah. Because it's, you make soft life what you want it to be, You know? So, and I think there's different levels to soft life and different versions of soft life. And so if, if you're with somebody who's, I guess I don't, I don't know about figuring life out. 'cause that feels a little, like, you shouldn't even be in a relationship if you're trying to figure life out. But I have to understand somebody, You know, building their life still, You know, still having goals and that they're reaching and y'all are doing it together.


So I feel like together we'll reach different levels of your thought life, You know? Okay. Having, yeah, I Think you can, I Think you, I Think you can. I agree with Ash. I Think you can experience a soft life with being in a committed relationship. Yep. Because you're teaching people boundaries. You're teaching them who you are, you're teaching 'em what you require and vice versa. That's true. So have you ever had to unlearn the belief that struggle equals love? Hmm hmm. I don't, I don't think, I've never been in no Struggle, Love relationship before.


I feel like if it didn't feel good, I was just like, nah, I'm good. I'm good. Struggle, Love. What are we defining as Struggle? Love, probably like one of those really chaotic, toxic relationships where it's like, maybe y'all fight all the time, but you always get back together or something like that. I don't know. I feel like that's struggley right. Very struggle for me. Like if you're, yeah, I don't know. I don't know. That to me, that struggle. Yeah. I mean, I feel like you can almost get into a space of just like, You know, is this for me?


And we get, we get complacent a little bit because you're like, oh, he gonna change or she's gonna change. We're gonna improve because you, you we hold on to hope and you hope that your investment is gonna pay off. Right. You can't expect it to be perfect the minute that You know that you embark with somebody. And so it's like, it becomes a disappointment if you like, over so much time and, and like fluid exchange and body exchange and time exchange, financial, all these moments, I feel like you can get caught up and wanna be like, okay, I'll just overlook this little thing. But then that little thing over time becomes larger.


You know? So, I mean, it's bittersweet. It's just like, it depends on what I think, what stage you are in life. I feel like, I don't wanna speak for y'all, but I know we're not gonna tolerate so much at this level of success and independence. And also just what we expect and what we've been experienced with love, with relationships, with family, just in just these life lessons. We, we're not gonna lower our standards. Right. You know what I mean? None of us are just because of what we've seen, what we've been through and what we can tolerate. We are not playing around. So it's like the bar has already been set high, so we not gonna let anyone just, You know, they gotta meet us there above at this point.


It's just non-negotiable. And I understand. So I don't care, You know, and understanding like I, You know, a lot of people were taught like the struggle of, oh, he fight me because he loved me. That's nothing but love. Oh, You know that, that's toxic. Very toxic. So you, it's like you have to understand like, that's not true love. That's not what it is. No, not at all. Having peace. It's okay to have peace in a relationship. Yeah. Okay. To go through a relationship and not fight, not argue. Right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, you look at it as like, I always say this, like, you don't realize that God is really counting your tears.


So when he does remove you from, You know, a situation that's not for nothing, that's true. You know, it does definitely hurt 'cause we're human. But at the same time it's like, okay, it's for a reason. We shouldn't be, we shouldn't be feeling like this should not be feeling like heavy. You should not be feeling unwanted or any of that kind of stuff. But no, we can't be living in a toxic environment. It's not conducive. We deserve a good old soft life. That's nice. What means to you? Pillow soft. Pillow soft feather, feather, pillow, soft.


Is there a way to truly experience soft life while being in a committed relationship with someone who still fix? Oh, we already answered that, right? Yeah, we just did. Let's say we did. Show me how good it can get today, God. And show the rest of the world what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer, and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeves. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer, hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast.


From iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. I know a lot of cops, they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I Get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flurries on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Jeff Perlman. And I'm Rick Jarvis. We're journalists and hosts of the podcast Finding Sexy Sweat. At an internship in 1993, we roomed with Reggie Payne, aspiring reporter and rapper who went by Sexy Sweat.


A Couple years ago we set out to find him, but In 2020, Reggie fell into a coma after police pinned him down and he never woke up. But then I see my son's Not moving, so we started digging and uncovered city officials bent on protecting their own. Listen to Finding Sexy Sweat on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. This is an iHeart podcast.