
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. The Made for This Mountain podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health Awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing, and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the Struggle. Listen to, made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for V IP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/talk to get your tickets.


Hi, it's Emily Tisch Sussman, host of the podcast. She pivots in honor of Mother's Day. We have some very special guests. I am Elaine Welter. And I'm Kaitlyn Murray. Both women pivoted out of their careers after having their kids proving that motherhood is just another chapter in our journey, not the end. Come on over to hear their full stories. You can listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hip music, but also a lot more like Intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI Love this station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa Snap. I awesome. Where DC's number one, Hey, music Station hot 99.5.


We passed that. We passed that. Let's get it to next thing. Well, let's get it to next. We get it. This one you can relate to portion because you got your sexy back and it is Getting Your Sexy Back after having a baby. Mother's Day is this Sunday. Whoop whoop. Shout out to all the mother's Happy Mother's Day. We love y'all. Hope y'all man. Do it big for y'all and y'all kids. I hope you need to take a nap. That's what I hope. I hope. Do you think Mother's Day should be spent with the kids or a long time? Yeah. No. Okay, let me not say that. So I think for this is what I've been doing for like the last two or three years. For the first half of the day, we get up and we do things with our moms, which is like, not for me.


'cause I'm like spending time with your mom and my mom. So that's for them, for me after and the things and the pictures and the cute shit. I'm gonna need you to get me a hotel room up the street. Check me in, take the kids home, bring me some Chipotle, bring me Krispy Kreme, bring me a Pepsi. Let me watch, bring you the fire stick. I'm trying to watch housewives and let me sleep alone. And I've done this for like the past three years. I will spend the day with the kids, with his mama. With my mama. But then after that I'm going up the street to that hotel and he doesn't even stay like he'll.


He'll literally drop me off, he'll bring me food, we'll usually have sex and then he leaves and I sleep there in the bed all by myself. And it's, wow. It's perfect. But you don't get, you don't get piped down before you Before you said he he do. Yeah, absolutely. And then he leaves, he goes, he doesn't even stay. He goes, he's like, okay, watch Housewives. I'm like, yep. And that's it. And then he come get me in the morning. That is funny. It's the, honestly, it's the greatest gift idea I've ever had for myself. And I would like to continue the tradition.


I know that's right. I haven't, You know, I'm, I'm spending time with my babies and we probably go out to eat and I just wanna be lazy. I mean, how can you be lazy if you spending time with your babies? That's what I'm trying to figure out. When you all gonna be lazy? Look, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get, this is the time. What The whole day Serenity can have her pad the whole, our iPad the whole day because that's gonna keep her busy. She gonna be tuned in. Right. Listen, we gonna be good. We, it's just don't bother. Mother's Day is a lot. 'cause you go, you do the brunch, you do the stuff, you gotta get everybody dressed you like an outing with all of your children is just, that's just not relaxing to me.


I'll do it. You know what I mean? But if you ask me what I really want, I'm a stay-at-home mom. I'm riddled with children. I've got a gaggle of kids downstairs right now. They're clawing at the door. Like little animals waiting for me to come out. Like I don't on Mother's Day. Put me at that courtyard Marriott and close the door. I'll see you in the morning period. I know, that's fine. You should write it. Okay. I Alright babies, let's talk about something real. We're diving into the raw, beautiful, emotional chaos of postpartum. That fourth trimester that what the hell just happened to my body, my mind, and my soul season.


You brought life into this world and now you're trying to remember the parts of you that existed before. Diaper bag, leaky boobs, slick deprivation and unsolicited advice. It's a ride y'all. So today we're having a conversation that's not sugarcoated. We're talking body image, mental health, sexuality, confidence. And how the hell did you get your sexy back after becoming someone's mama? Because yes, you are a mother, but you're still a woman and she deserves to shine too. That was cute. Bravo.


It's like the five key things people tell don't tell you about postpartum. And I Think you can speak on that because you just, you probably dealing with it or you just had your baby. And I know it's hectic right now. Well, first things first postpartum is the ghetto. Nobody told me, I mean I heard a lot about like, You know, postpartum depression, which I didn't really think that I had it before. Maybe I did, maybe I was just disassociating. I have no idea. But I definitely feel it more so with this one than I did the first two.


Like full on, You know, they say the baby blues last like two weeks, three weeks. Anything after that, like you need to talk to somebody. Girl, that, that postpartum depression hit me like a m truck, like a Mack truck. Everything was wrong and nothing was wrong. I loved everything. I hated everything. It was, it was just, I don't, I don't know. But this time Andre didn't get on my nerves. When I had legacy, I hated him so much. Oh, it was so bad friend. When I had legacy, I didn't want nothing to do with Andre want his face.


But this time he's the only person I wanna be around. Is it, do you think it's because the genders or what is it? I don't know what it is. I think it was just a shock of the first kid. Like I, I resented him so much. I Oh yeah, you're, you're different. It's something new to you. Your whole body has changed and you're like, what the fuck did you do to my only that? Only that it felt like my life had completely changed and his didn't at all, everything looked different for me. And his shit just looked like it was just another day. Like, oh, I'm just gonna watch Game of Thrones. I know you haven't slept in six days, but you got this. You know what I mean? Like, it was just not, damn, why are you over here breastfeeding?


You know, you gonna hurt acne. It was, ooh, it was the ghetto. Like I said, it was the ghetto. So I resented him real bad. The first one, I didn't want nothing to do with him. I was just like, you got it too easy over here. This is whack. Like return to sender. I don't want this. This is crazy. This time I think it was just, I don't know. I think my age probably played a part. 'cause my first kid I was 28, I'm 35 now. The pregnancy was a little bit different. I assume postpartum would be two. So I think I experienced a little bit more sadness this time around.


I think my body pretty much did the same thing all, all three times. Like, You know, I'm a little bony thing, so girl, I ain't, I ain't holding no weight. Not really. So that snap that was, You know what I mean? Little this, this is a question to help new, You know, parents, mothers that just, You know, had their first one and they're going through it and they're looking at these moms because it's been a trend. Like a lot of these moms, it's like a goals. As soon as you have your baby, a week later you posting like my baby pick after I done had my baby. Yeah. And it's like, where did you have your baby? Like, did you really have a baby? Were you really pregnant? So, You know what, how do you even to feel sexy again when your body feels like it's been through war?


I don't, I just think it takes time because to say it's one thing to look sexy, it's another thing to feel sexy. And I'm almost six months out and I can put it on something and be like, oh yeah, I look sexy. But that doesn't mean that I feel sexy. Like I have to take my brain and turn it off of mom mode and then turn it onto like a sexual person type. You know what I mean? I'm not walking around all day just feeling sexy. I'm just not, I feel like a mess. I'm like a utility. I'm breastfeeding. They want things from me. They're hanging all over me. Like I'm just not in that.


And that, that, that frame of mind like almost ever until I purposely comb my hair, put on something decent, go somewhere with my man alone and then I start to feel better. But it's just, it's hard to get away. It's hard to, to tear away from the routine. But like, I mean, you just have to do things for yourself. Even if it's just little stuff. Like I get in the sauna that's 50 minutes, it's the best 50 minutes. You know what I mean? Day sometimes because I'm, it's just quiet, You know what I mean? But I'm not far away from my kids 'cause I'm, I'm crazy attached like a Velcro mom. And I think that's the, that's the thing too.


And for all the fathers, that solution not here help help that, You know, help your wife or your girlfriend or your mate out because they need, even if it's like 30 minutes, just give them that time to, You know, regroup. And it's okay. Like I feel like the communication is not there. Like, and it's okay for that mother to say, baby, can you just take care of the baby for like 15 to 20 minutes while I just regroup. Just have something. I think something else we need to normalize is like, what is considered a break and what is considered time? Because a shower's not a break. No, that's necessity. People need to break, You know what I mean? Like the shower's not a break or to the bathroom's not a break.


Like you, grocery shopping is not a break, it's still a task. Like you just, it takes, it takes a lot. I feel like if men just understood like how like, and they just never will those hormones. It is just something different. It's something different. It's something that you really can't even explain, but it requires all the patience that you have inside of you. Like to deal with somebody who's going through that. So I feel like for me, getting my sexy back was a lot of working out, You know what I mean? Going to the gym, really taking care of myself, getting in the sauna, eating the right things. You know, putting the right things in my body.


Just feeling like, feeling clean, You know? Right. Feeling like healthy is what make feeling healthy makes me feel sexy. Which, You know, sometimes it's hard to do when you have kids or a very young baby. And that's what mothers have to realize. Like not only do you have to take care of your baby, but you also have to take care of your, your body too. You have to get your body back together. You can't just put all your focus on that, on your child. Yeah. Like you have to get yourself back in shape and make sure you're good just as well as your, You know, you're taking care of your child and it's okay to take time out, of course follow the doctor, rule the timeframe, but get back in that gym and, and get yourself lose that water weight, the baby weight or whatever.


It's okay to do that. What do, what do you think about that? What do you think about the the, the snapback culture because they have mixed feelings? Girl, I'm snapping back when I tell you. After I had Serenity, I had my waist trainer on. As soon as I delivered her, I put that waist trainer on and right. Like I I, my doctor always told me, of course, You know, do what your body allows you. Of course I am about to go in the gym and start lifting weights and do all this. And You know, I'm slowly starting off with a little walk and then progress from a walk to a little jog and then from a jog to, oh Don's easy work now.


'cause you was on my ass. Ooh, you need to tell the people how you was on my ass. You was on my ass. You was on my, your ass wasn't even a good three weeks in and you lifting 1525 pounds. I'm like, what the hell shit going was, nobody told me to do that. That was a mistake. I just thought it was light. I was like, what? Like, it was just shocking to me that I just could not Yeah. Lifted this thing and I was like, bitch, my inside is about to fall out. I should stop. That's all I said. Push what you going, you cannot lift weights now. Yeah. Oh, inside everything about to drop out. Yeah, but you, you the gym girly. So you was like, okay, when you finna start walking, You know what I mean?


You did, you did motivate me. You encouraged me. But I was walking. Yes, I told you. I said, You know, you can, you can start walking, but your ass went from zero to 1000 real quick. And I'm like, hold up when you get back, bring it back. I learned real quick. Okay. I put that, wait the hell down. I learned real quick. All is was horrible. Yes. Okay. So before we go into our next segment, a little affirmation and advice for moms and Mother's Day. Before we close, we want to speak directly to every mama listening. Whether it's your first baby or your fifth, you are allowed to be soft, strong. You are allowed to grieve your old self and still love your new one.


Definitely. You're not broken. You are becoming sexy. Doesn't have an expiration date. And mother day isn't the end of your power. It's the beginning of a deeper one. This Mother's day, we see you, we honor you and we're rooting for every version of you that is still unfolding. Happy Mother's Day. It's beautiful. Happy Mother's Day. That was beautiful. All the love is thank you. Nap. Get you a room, get some Chipotle


Made for this Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the struggle. This is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that. May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is That. Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


This Week on Dear Chelsea with me, Chelsea Handler. Connie Britton is here. I Think you should encourage your friend to go ahead and not be holding out for any man to have her babies. Yeah. If she is passionate about becoming a mother and she has her eggs frozen and she has her life together, go for it. She could be waiting another 10 years before she finds the right guy. Connie didn't meet her right guy until you were what, 50 Connie? Yeah. How long have you guys been together? Yeah. No. 52. 52. 52. I adopted my son As a single mom. 'cause I kept thinking, oh, I'm gonna meet the guy. I'm gonna meet the guy, I'm gonna meet the guy. I finally was like, what am I waiting for? And I did it. And I'm just so glad that I did. I wanna change the narrative about single parents and also help to create a community for single parents so that they can not feel alone in it. One of the big things is it's so hard, especially for women to ask for help. Listen to Dear Chelsea on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Jay Sheddy and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. Packages to meet me before the show or visit Jay Sheddy me slash tour to get your tickets.


Have you ever wished for a change but weren't sure how to make it? Maybe you felt stuck in a job or a place or a relationship. Join me, Emily Tish Sussman. Over on She Pivots where I explore the inspiring pivots of women. Dig deeper into the personal reasons behind them, and leave you with the inspiration you need to make your next pivot in honor of Mother's Day. We have some very special guests. I'm Elaine Welter Roth. And I'm Kaitlyn Murray. Both women pivoted out of their careers after having their kids proving that motherhood is just another chapter in our journey. Not the end. It's Like, it's kind of like, will you have more babies? Yes. Will I always be me? Yeah. And will I continue growing? Yes. Because I was really in the trenches and I knew my worth and my value as a mom. Come on over to hear their full stories. You can listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Elizabeth, segment three. What? What we talking about y'all? What is this? What this? The Bay Shire's Perfect man. Oh yeah. Look, get my phone. Lemme build a bay. We gonna do it? Okay, we about to do this. I I'm getting that with you and I plan you because I feel like I have like your type, like you're perfect. You know? But I don't know. We gonna do this for people and we going, we gonna test, we gonna test where your heart really at. Okay. Rapid fire. Don't sleep on the questions. Rapid fire. All right, you ready? Okay. What, so what are what we going I two choices, right?


I'm gonna say two things. You pick the one that resonates the most and we put together and that's your, that's your bill debate, that's your bay. And if we gonna go out, oh God. Gonna find out. We not gonna find that. We gonna pray for that and then he gonna find you. Boom. You ready? I was to say, so s smart, but go ahead up there. I that now I'm listening. What's the question? Skinny daddy. Buff daddy? I don't like him skinny. I like 'em in between. I like, I like them.


You know, I like a little you like a little fluffy. Not too fluffy. I, You know, a little cushion. Hold on. Push. Okay. All right, next one. Athlete. C-E-O-C-E-O, baby. Okay. Kids? No. Kids. Kids. Beard or waves? Ooh. Either or. Either or. How about both? Oh no, that's right Friend. Love notes. Forehead kisses. Both. Fancy dinner or cook for you? Both. You better not say both. You know what you wanna say? Grow up up Uber Eats Postmates.


Bitch, you keep them people in business. You hear me? You always order me food. Okay. New York accent or Country Boy. Oh, ain't nothing like no New York accent. Oh my goodness. I fully thought she was gonna say Country boy. New York, new music. So girl, I'm country Sam. What, what it look like both of whatcha doing. No cute country motherfuckers talking back and forth to each other. I need me a New York accent. Ugh. Disappointed. Okay, next. Next one. The last one. And obviously the most important one. Good head. A good pain.


Oh, pain. I didn't really lose with that one, but I agree. I agree with you. Okay, so Trail's perfect babe. Builder Bay is a a little fluffy. CEO with kids with beard and waves. I dunno. You say you like love notes and forehead kisses. You greedy, fancy dinner and he gotta cook. Okay from New York. You are wild from that. They don't have to be from New York. You gave me a choice, but I love the accent boo. That's with New York accent.


Okay. Somebody who aggravating. I'm kidding. Well good scene. Alright, well put that in my note. Gonna make you a what? What a Bumble account. What, what do people be doing? They'd be on tender. What or what is it called? Riot What? See what it's called. Don't be mad if I make you a profile somewhere. RR What is that? I don't know, but it's pending. They, my friend signed me up for one this weekend. Okay, so what's the theme of it? Because You know, a lot of dating apps have like, You know, for farmers only, You know, like they have like this one is invite only, invite only.


That sounds like it's for Rich men's. Mm It's invite only. So we will see what's on there. That sound like you gotta be coined up to remember invite. I don't, I don't know. I'm just, I'm just, I was told okay, Christina, keep me posted. See, shout out to Christina. The girls be coming through. Hey do I mean keep me posted. I just wanna see what's going on, You know what I mean? I definitely will. I'll keep you because You know, you and Ashley, y'all both are happily married. Y'all doing y'all thing and y'all sometimes y'all wanna, You know, be nosy and see what's going on here bitch.


I just wanna going on, I gotta keep, I gotta keep my girl away from the scammers and the lamb chops and the oxtail tacos. I gotta keep you out of the fray. And the, the one that the infinity and the infinity and the infinity, I would say the hookah. But you actually like hookah bubble flavor. Tobacco I love Ain't Nothing Out, ain't nothing out there. But hookah and down Julio, what they say in Tequila Hook can tequila's our, our last segment of the night. And that is, it's been going viral with Joy Taylor. She stirred up some conversation when she said that a man leading with I'm a man of God is a red flag for her.


Her reasoning from various podcast centers around this, it often feels performative like a mask. Some men youth present themselves as good guys while still engaging in toxic or manipulative behavior. She's encountered men who weaponized religion to excuse bad actions or gained trust quickly. She clarified it's not about being spiritual or religious, it's about how, how that phrase is often used as a front. Especially, especially in dating context. It's a bold take, but one many women resonated with, especially those who've been hurt by men who, who use faith to manipulate or fast track emotional closeness.


Hmm hmm. I mean at first when you first hear it, hear her speak on it saying that, You know, she, it's a red flag when someone says I'm a man of God. Yeah. It's like, bitch you the red flag. That's what it sounds like. Right? Right. But she wants to death. And it's true, like a lot of people use a, a mask and they, they say things that they think that women who want to hear and a lot of men, You know, say that they are man of God, but their actions show other, You know, show different. So I can feel, I understand where she's coming from.


Like you don't have to lead with I'm a Man of God. Show it. Yeah, don't tell, don't don't speak on it. Basically what she's saying, don't, don't talk about it. Show me that You know you are a man of God. Don't tell me what you, you can do or what you're doing. Show it. Don't even have enough. Yeah. I mean I can kind of see her perspective. I'm not mad at somebody coming and saying today a man of God because I feel like a lot about, a lot of, a lot about your walk with God is, You know, you you really wearing that and your confession of it, your confession of your love for him or your, your devotion. And I don't think it's a bad thing, but I do understand why it can seem performative because I have known both types of people.


I have known the man that like real deal in his life, honey, he's seeking the kingdom of the Lord. Okay every day. I know that one. Right? And then I also know the one that knows that, that I am seeking the kingdom. So you finna come over here with kingdom talk, but you not even really in that, You know what I mean? You gonna use it as a manipulation tactic. Right? I have known both guys. So I think that, I don't know if I would say it's a red flag because I hope that I have discernment enough to know what the hell I'm looking at and what I'm listening to. Right? The comments were lit up like initially. Like what? That's a red flag.


You a red flag. You know what I'm saying? It was you high ass up. But I can understand once You know the context of it, I can understand why she said that is because, You know, it happens. People see you in a, You know, a lot. They, they don't wanna look. Sometimes guys do that as a way to hide how aggressive their nature really is. You know what I mean? Like make it look like they fired up for the Lord and you gonna be my wife one day, make it look like they, the type of   commit do this. And they're not. They're just at all. They're not. And it's a manipulation tactic. So I get it. You lead with I'm a man of God, You know, I I grew up in the church, home, this, that, and now y'all together this time to go to church.


He ain't never showing up. He don't pray with you. He don't say his praise. It's a lot of things like what happened. And I always tell because somebody with no scripture, without context, they will know quotes but don't know the story. Right. They just be honey, scripture without context will send you straight to hell. What is you do? Like why is you, that is not even what that means, sir. Like said okay, be fruitful and look, get away from me with that. Get away from me. The Bibles did Abraham had, I don't wanna hear about how many wives get away from me with your polygamy Go away sir.


That's crazy. But yeah, I get it. But the comments, You know, I live in the comments, comments be funny girl, them comments be funny. They make me chuckle a little bit. I think, I think people should definitely, You know, understand what she's speaking on instead of just reading the headlines of, of the statement that she said. And I, I totally understand because like you said, it's a lot of men out there that just pray on women who, and they'll learn what type of woman and they'll go and, and study that woman and tell that woman everything that she wants to hear and women do it too towards men and tell them everything they want to hear just to rear them in.


And then now You know the real person, the real you is coming out after you done brought them in and, and it's, it's crazy. So I, I definitely understand what she's saying. You just have to sometimes when I see, yeah, when I see topics like that, I can tell who people are just determined not to like, You know what I mean? Yeah. You could tell like who's determined just not to like her for whatever. They didn't even wanna hear what she had to say. Like what She don't love the Lord. She ain't nothing. She ain't shit. Like it's crazy. She had jazz on. She's a jazz. Oh the people love the people love to say somebody got a Jezebel spirit.


They love to say it. If me and Andre talk about that all the time, how people use that in the wrong context. That they always say that Jezebel is like a home record this and that when it's really just a manipulative, overbearing woman. Not necessarily somebody sleeping with everybody man. You know what I mean? But it's just deported in the community. Like, ooh, she got that Jezebel spirit. Why the poor? I don't understand they was in them. God going nuts on that lady whole thing. We understand joy, we understand. Alright, it's time for our last segment of the day and I so sad.


I'm having such a good time. My gosh. Our last one, horseshoe, you're supposed to read this. The humble baby mail. Hold on, put my notes because I'm official. Okay, I got notes. Oh, lemme scroll down. Oh, he put a line in here. All right gay. Oh, I gotta go down, down, down, down, down, down. This what you've been reading this whole time. Okay. That's how you stay on track girl. Okay. You right, you right. I got it. You ready?


This is from Keisha from Charlotte, North Carolina. Hey ladies. Hey Keisha girl. Hey Keisha girl, I've watched all of you on Wax to Riches and I seriously love the show. Okay. I can't wait for more from you guys, but I also used to be a huge fan of selling Tampa. And my question is for Sharelle Sharelle, how did you navigate from being a realtor to becoming a developer? Like what were the steps you took to go from selling homes to building homes and how was that transition for you? I see so much online about you and I just want to say I'm so proud that you've built an empire on your own. I know that's right. It's amazing to watch and no shade. Oh, but girl, you could do so much better without that.


Ochocinco do my, don't do it like that. Look forward to hearing back. Thank you so much ladies. Oh, Keisha. Oh, oh Keisha. Don't do it like that. But thank you so much for your support. Thank you for your support. You know, becoming a developer, I mean from real estate I felt like, You know, my passion was, was there, but it wasn't there as much. And I wanted to get into something like once I start saying like how much I'm making and, and I'm like, okay, I done sold the highest of the high that I can sell. Now it's time to get to that next level. Right? And I'm very competitive. Like I saw that it was pre predo a predominantly male field and I wanted to tap into it.


So I started off, You know, working with different companies on the government contracting side. I partnered with a few things and I started learning and Joan and I, Joanna had a lot of opportunities with the city. So we got together and we went after our opportunity where we felt like we had a good chance to win. We partnered with the GC and we went after it won it and we were awarded our first lot. So right now we're about to start groundbreaking to build five affordable town homes in the city of Tampa. And that's how it started. It's just like I observe and I was very interested and I took a leap on faith, out on faith and I, I just did it.


You know, I started networking being around people who, who are good at what they do in the development industry and I learned from them and I just took a leap out on faith and did it. And now I'm out here building homes and you out here and inspiring the girls. Look at you inspiring the girlies. Thank you. Thank you. And I have a huge opportunity too. I wasn't gonna speak on it yet, but I was just awarded a letter, three letters from the VA that I made it to the final stage. My company made it to the final stage to potentially build three hospitals in the state of Florida.


So no way. That is so exciting. Oh my god, bitch that is a big, big deal. Don't just slide that in that locker talking about three hospitals. Oh, hospital. That's insane. It that it's, that's amazing. On the final stage. Oh, that's great. We'll see. You believe in it. It's happening. Yeah, it's, it's done already. But I, I've been, I've been moving quietly. But for my people who support me, I'm letting y'all know what I'm doing behind the things. It's not just traveling. I'm really, You know, busting my ass to make sure, You know, allure, LPT is is growing and my business alarm management solutions, like we're out here killing it.


So I have some big major moves going on and I'm super excited. Don't give don't give them everything. Keep on the edge of their seat now. Wait for it. I'm excited, proud. Lay your seat though. It it's gonna be a long ride. Stay tuned girl. Hi girl. That is the end of Humble Baddies. We got my girl Portia Portia. Tell 'em where they can support it. I'll see you have your bad bitch. Good mom. Gear on. Let 'em know where they can, they can find that. She's gonna find it at Bad bitch. Good mom. shop.com Or you can go on over to my Instagram at pto. Click the link. Get you a shirt, a mug.


I should have had my little wine. You know I got bad bitch. Good mom. Wine glasses. This ain't it. 'cause I forgot, but I do have them. Yeah. Get you some merch. Happy Mother's Day. Lemme throw you a mother day cold or something. A little sale. Lemme put a sale up. Yeah, put a sale on for everyone. Mothers Day cold off. Go ahead and put percent off. Humble Baddies. Lemme put the code up. Humble Baddies. Make sure y'all go to Porsche Bird. Y'all get some bad bitch. Good mama merch. Keep putting Humble Baddies and subscribe on YouTube to Humble Baddies podcast. You can find me at Sharelle risto on Instagram. Follow our our Instagram page, Humble Baddies podcast on Instagram.


And make sure you subscribe to our YouTube. Tell your cousin, your baby daddy, your sister, your side chick, your side uncle, whoever it is, tell them to follow and subscribe. Until next time, we love y'all. Thanks for providing me friends. We enjoyed you portion. I enjoyed myself. Bye bye guys.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant? Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for Yourself.


The Made for This Mountain podcast exists to empower listeners to rise above their inner struggles and face the mountain in front of them. So during mental health awareness month, tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing, and then climb that mountain. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain. This is the Struggle. Listen to, made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, it's Emily Tisch Sussman host of the podcast. She pivots in honor of Mother's Day. We have some very special guests. I am Elaine Welter. And I'm Kaitlyn Murray. Both women pivoted out of their careers after having their kids proving that motherhood is just another chapter in our journey, not the end. Come on over to hear their full stories. You can listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.