
You're listening to an iHeart podcast. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindi at Verizon, we are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now That's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you.


Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan Gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or Postpaid Unlimited plus minimum plan. $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months. Less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply. Hey, when's last time you've listened to Hot? 99.5? Because we have all of the Hy Music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI Love this station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day.


In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Oh, What Snap I run Kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. What's up? Hey y'all the tan Happy hump day's everyone. I miss y'all. I miss miss, miss y all too. I miss my humble bating. Hi listen. We was out for memorial. First we wanna thank everyone who served. Memorial is about the veterans who, who lost their lives service.


So shout out to, You know, the families that have supported and the ones that gained their life and lost their life to support us. So happy moving your day to the ones that lost their lives. How have y'all been? Did y'all eat some good food for Memorial Day weekend? Oh my god, no. Because you supposed to be here grilling for me girl, I can't grill. That's my daddy job. I did actually. I had some so grilled out l some good, some good soulful. We had some yams, greens, macaroni and cheese bar. Oh, so you threw down AIN Town. It was getting down. Yeah. Didn't, no invite, nothing invite.


It was going down. We're celebrating over here. I've been, I've been working in the restaurant all weekend. It's so, it's so hard. I'm trying. Yeah, you started that already. How's that going? I started that so it's been an adjustment because I'm standing up for hours upon hours during the day. And so like it's active, it's new, new. Gotta be back there like Yeah, I'm back there to come check you out. Yes. They're Friday, Saturdays, and Sundays. Let gotta know where you're at. Y Yeah. So I'm there Friday night. So yeah. So everyone come through. I'm in the kitchen. Okay. I out, I come out, I speak to where, where they gonna go? Lex, you can tell the people where they gonna go.


Smith and Webster, north Beach. So I will see y'all. I will be in the back, come through. It's good food and I'm getting to know everybody. So this is like a new experience for me. Like all the cooks that are there before, there's a couple other interns that are working and just like the executive chefs and everyone's been welcoming. So I was like nervous. 'cause You know, from television shows and all of that, what we see, You know, it's very intense. But I just jumped right in and just feel familiar and I'm just very passionate about that. What's the first thing that you cooked? You were back there. It was a peach cobbler waffle. So the right T waffle?


No, not right now, but like we need some big waffles. Okay. Okay. They, they have a menu, they have about like, about 15 things on the menu. So it was like intense And it was pretty cool though. It was, it was great week and I survived and I'm here and then like I have all my babies are home. Just Elijah's the last one in school. So everyone is just wrapping it up. You got empty nesters soon? Yeah, it's quiet. They're with their father. The, the perks of co-parenting. So I'm technically already ready vacationing, so. Okay. Nice tan. What? Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you.


Huh? I said what about you all? How was your weekend? My weekend was good. What'd I do? Oh, I got my chicken coop finally delivery my, my chicken's got a nice new beautiful home. Oh wow. Yeah. So now I'm trying to teach them how to go in the hen house at night. I be talking, I feel like you this, this ain't the life you imagined did it. Like you ain't Think you was gonna just have po you just have I love that all chickens don't feel po film. We feel bad for man, I be making him do all kind of stuff and now I'm trying to get him to build me all kind of stuff. Yeah, yeah. It's an adventure every day. Ashley, the whole thing.


Y'all should as you should just lemme know when the edge drop. I'll another about a month. They have you gotta a little while before they start laying eggs. But I'm gonna let y'all know. Please. Thank you. I wanna be the first one that I wanna test them out. 'cause they ain't never had no real, You know, organic, natural. They're the best. You can keep the room temperature too. Yeah, no they are, they, they last like a long time too. All the eggs you get in the grocery store are old because You know eggs for like 30, 40 days, 60 days. If you don't wash 'em off, are they gonna be different color eggs? Yes. Girl. I cannot, like I have five different breeds of chicken, so I'll have all different s Yay.


Woo. Did you have to get them shots and stuff? Yeah, I did and then I gave them like medicated feed while they were young to keep them nice and healthy. So we doing all, oh, we, well we, we ain't got nothing to worry about over there then. Good. I love it. I love it. So what you up to miss? I was in Charlotte for the weekend. I went to go visit my best friend and check on, You know, I have a brokerage up there as well and I didn't cook but I, the day before Memorial Day Sunday, I went to kitchen. Kitchen and cocktail. Oh my goodness. What's that? It's a restaurant.


The food was amazing. If y'all ever in Charlotte, I know they have a few areas. I think it's one in DC somewhere in Texas and the one in Charlotte. That's the only one I I really been to when I tell you it's a nice, so soul food, like luxury restaurant, everything is on point. Everything. The collard greens, the macaroni and cheese, the candy, yams, the blackeyed peas, the cornbread, everything. Like I literally order everything when I get there. So I was being, You know, being back this weekend as we should. We have to treat ourselves, You know, I got my little break because the kids started school.


So my low vacation time. Good for you. Okay, nice, nice. Love it. Well yeah, it was a good weekend. We needed that, that little break. It's the jumpstart into summer. So like that is like the, it's shifting from finishing up all these school events until now. Prepping for the summer. Where are the kids gonna go? Internships, camps, all these things. Vacations, everything. Yeah. Yeah. Nice break. Much needed. Well we, let's get into it you guys. Let's do it. Today we're gonna talk about, so everybody, the, everybody been going in on Donald Trump, but then they started saying more people that he has had been part he pardoned.


So former President Trump has issued a full pardon into reality TV couple Todd and Julie Chrisley of Chris. Chris Lee's knows best, who were previously convicted of defrauding banks for more than 30 million and committing tax evasions. The controversial decision has sparked outrage and re reignited conversations about privilege, justice and celebrity favoritism in politics. Yeah, I mean it do seem like if you, a little popular, You know what I'm saying? You need a, You know, he's, I feel like he feeds off of popularity.


Like he's the reason why he's in office. The reason why he so popular now. Like he won the popular vote. Like I feel like it really is almost a popularity contest for him. So while he's in office, he's still doing the popular thing and getting, You know, pardoning popular people to keep the people happy, You know, agree with that. Keep the majority on his side. 'cause a lot of people, You know, every now and then we start being like, damn, we voted this man in. Look what he doing. But then he'll go and pardon, You know, these popular people, a lot of people in pop culture that people are very familiar with in their everyday, You know, lives and world and it kind of is like, oh well that's cool. You know, a lot of people aren't super political, so once they see like a pop star or a reality TV star getting pardoned, You know, I feel like it keeps him relevant.


Relevant. Yeah, I agree. 100 per 100% with you Ashley. He is about the culture of being the most famous, the most popular, the most liked making America great in so many capacities. But he understands. One thing he does understand is the fact of the popular vote. The the, the fact that you have the different demographics of whoever you following, because I don't, I agree with you. What is that is popular people, people we are, that are famous. But then there was also like, I guess, You know, he's, he is pardoning other people to the point where it's like, okay, if this person is stands for something, I'm gonna be the one that's gonna be the culture shifter just so you can, my name is attached to it, so I'm gonna get the credit for it.


It. And so he's very much like consistent with the fact that he wants that limelight and he's shifting that energy to like, let me be the one that, because I do eventually have the authority, which we see that he does, is showing his power. You know, like at, You know, literally his signature is partnering people. And so his favoritism in, in a lot of ways, but at the same time it's almost erasing the smear of the other bad things that we think about him. Exactly. Somebody, somebody was saying that people was paying him for, for them to get pardon of him. But here's, here's a list of who he recently who he signed today.


Dayton, John g Roland, former government of Connecticut, Kentrell Goden, NBA young boy, Michael Graham, former New York rep, Kevin Eric Basin, mark c Bashaw, Todd and, and Julie Taylor Manso and John Moore, Michael Harris and Larry Hoover. When you look at some of these crimes that they have committed, it's like, yeah. And well, and then I guess it goes both ways 'cause it's like, okay, you're pardoning some of these people who committed crimes that should be, You know, paying the price for what they've done.


Right. But it seems like, You know, he'll pardon some people, but then like the people that don't necessarily would have voted for him. They'll, he, he's letting those people go too to keep, You know, to keep things in balance almost. You know what I mean? Like when he pardoned Kodak and or helped him get out, You know what I mean? Like just finding ways to like stay popular, but still like keeping his agenda, like how he pardoned the, the the people January 6th resurrection the re Yeah. Yeah. But then, You know, he's teaming up with Kanye. Like, it's like he does things like that's, and I mean, did have a reality show you all inspiring people.


He was, You know, he is pop culture himself. He is mentioned on the Barts like the Simpsons, You know what I mean? Like, he is been, been mimicked many times on Saturday Night Live. So he is pop culture. You know our question, I think it, this is fair like that he, he's doing this like how y'all feel about it. I mean this is, this is letting, it's putting a spotlight on being a president of the free United States of America. So at the end of the day, he's showing his power of what he can do. And that's why it's important to vote because the, the, the, the powers is literally in the pen in the signature. And he's showing that. And I mean look at Joe Biden right before he left office, he pardoned his son.


So it's the power of the presidency. So whoever gets that seat, that's why it's very important who you're voting for. And honestly, Donald Trump, president Trump wrote, he has everything he said he is been, he is gonna do, he's been doing now. That's one thing. Wrote it down. That's one thing I can say. So here we are, You know, so I definitely don't think it's there when you look at some of the crimes and then some, like the Salis look how much money they fraud at the government and they don't have, they like, it's basically race now, but you have other people serving time, You know, serving time that did less, that didn't do as much.


And You know, they're still sending in praises. It's like it does show like it's favoritism or if you have a big name, You know, we're gonna make sure you're taken care of. It's the system is just, it's not right law. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plants.


Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now That's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine 0.99 purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade-in and additional terms apply. What happens when we come face-to-face with death. My truck was blown by a 20 pound anti-tank mine. My parachute Did not deploy.


I was keeping up by ker tilt. I just remember everything Getting dark. I'm dying. We step beyond the edge of what we know to Open our consciousness to something more than just what's in that western box. And Return. I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. My name is Dan Bush. My mission is simple to find, explore, and share these stories. I'm Not a victim, I'm a survivor. You're Strongest when you're the most vulnerable To remind us what it means to be alive. Not Just that I was the guy that cut his arm off, but I'm the guy who is smiling when he cut his arm Off alive Again. A podcast about the fragility of life, the strength of the human spirit and what it means to truly live.


Listen to Alive again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. But remember this is the same man who took out an app for the, the Central Park five back in the day. Yeah. This is the same person. And I feel like he's showing his same power. It is just, You know, he's the president now. It's the same. He's doing everything. He's saying that that like, for example, white South Africans are being, You know, mauled and wiped away.


So he brought them over here. It and the president was sitting next to him in, in a meeting. You know, it's just, it, it's, it's a lot. It's all over the place. It's politics. But lets, You know, again, I I keep saying this, the power of the presidency, it's a, it's a major thing. Yeah. Yeah. I know. President Obama would've never been able to get away with this. Oh no, no. They criticize. No Larry, president Obama gonna let Larry hoop out. Oh, they would've had a 50 President Obama talking so much.


What? I think I'm Big beach. The nation. So you think that people will go back and watch the Leys when you think they have a TV show coming out. You think they gonna, they gotta come back. Donald Trump might be producing it. We don't even know anymore. Like it just might be part of it. Their daughter is very vocal. Like she had her hat on. She made Oh yeah. I think she lowkey made the announcement like, look, I think she even sat down with a, or was some kind of way was connected to Donald Trump to be able to make this happen. So Of course. Yeah. Gotta be Course they gotta be full core MAGA people I'm sure.


Yeah, they've been doing this for years. This is all about that dial. It's all about television. It's all about popularity. It's all about, You know, the co the different culture of reality tv. I mean here we go just to shows us what's going on. You know who had me, who pissed off at Donald Trump right now? 'cause his name wasn't on that list. What's the one that was popular during, during, during the pandemic? It was, he had the Tigers or Tiger King. Oh, tiger King. Yes. Is Joe. Joe. Right. I think his name Joe is going on a rampage right now because his name is not on that list. He like, how you getting rid, letting all these people going?


I ain't do nothing. Oh my goodness. Joe is show. I loved that show. That was great. Actually was It was a great docuseries. It was very entertaining. I wonder what happened to the cat lady. The cat lady. You know the cat lady is outside of Tampa. Yeah. I thought she had to like go in the hiding basically. 'cause everybody thought she for real killed her husband. I don't know from the document. You need to pull up and see. Real, I had to come up missing. I love my life too much at the zoo, but from from the documentary it was suspect. She did it. The math wasn't math.


She did it. She let them, them tigers eat her husband up. That's crazy. Oh, look at that. That did have in COVID that was pure entertainment by the way. It had us in a choke hold. I know I watched that in amongst other things. But it definitely was something to talk about enough. I I was focused. Now I locked in. Almost locked in. It was, yeah. Alright, let's get into it. Money loan is catching backlash. Is she misunderstood or missed a line? Miss a line. Grammy winning R and b artist, am I saying her name right? Money or Mooney Money Loan recently opened up about why she believes some black women don't resonate with her personality.


Her comments have triggered social media de debates about perception, likability, and the often unspoken dynamics between black female celebrities and their audience. This conversation opens the door to deeper dialogue around au I hate this authenticity. Yes, represe. And while being un unapologetically, you still gets criticized even in 2025. So did y'all hear when when money loan, she was like basically, You know, black women don't resonate with her. Yeah, but what is she talking about? Because we are her audience and I agree.


We the one singing her songs and doing the tiktoks and all of that. What is she talking about? I agree. And it's like everybody is gonna get criticized Boo boo kitty. Like you are a public figure and everybody knows like the haters are always the loudest anyway. Like we know that, You know, and you've been in the business for how long now? Yes. Up to where she should have some PR training and Exactly. Yeah. She she should take it with a grain of salt. I mean, You know, and be open to criticism that it doesn't mean you have to accept what they say. People are gonna talk. You are a puppet figure. You can sing your ass off. You are amazing. You're very talented.


But people are there to speak how they feel doesn't mean that they, you can't justify and just say all black women don't resonate with you. Right. That's not true. All all of the big numbers. Right. And and you guys said the best, like we are, we do listen to her. It's definitely our demographic. But she did say like her, what did she say? Like, her biggest fans are from Brazil and the Philippines. Which to me, like I'll stop. You gotta stop. Like, like at the end of the day, Brazil has is, is, is has the most black people. So I don't know where she got her information from, but You know, I think it was just a, a mistake and hopefully, You know, we, we can move past this and we, we forgiven as we do.


But You know, we let's let's make some good mistakes. Yeah. I think she should probably take it up with her, her PR people, her branding people. If she feels like she's not resignating in the way that she wants to, if she's not, if her image isn't aligning with whatever she, You know, feels is true to herself, then maybe she needs to like, You know, go back and r Right. Is it like Yeah, like she needs to go back with her people and have a conversation. 'cause maybe like maybe we aren't resonating with her the way, You know, she would like, but that's not, You know, I don't feel like she should come on, You know, social media and be talking by this time my aunties and aunties.


And so our mamas is whatever. She can't, she can't crucify every black woman just because she, 'cause a few women have said certain things and you just only reading, You know, black women comments and now you're just saying now all black women don't resonate with you. You can't do that. Yeah, no. Especially being a, a public fig, the public figure. You are, you have so many people looking up, so many black women looking up to you, so many black women that support you. So many black women that sing your song word for word that love you. Yeah. So I just feel like that are supporting you. Right. Like you said Ashley, You know, the pr training needs to be there because now you're, you're really starting to get, You know, trolls and everyone's starting to come at even the people who really supported you now they're looking at you different because of your comment.


Yes. It's like a slap in the face. Yeah. Like girl, definitely the, she has to leave her personal, like Beyonce wouldn't never energy, energy out of it. And and it's hard though because you, you are very talented. You've gonna get people to come at, at you. You gotta ignore, You know, even us, you have to ignore what they say because You know, it's, it's, it's not you. Is she considered pop or r and b and soul? Well I think she started in like country or something. Like she is, she is like multi crossover. Yeah. So I mean, okay. I feel like she gets left from everybody and maybe, You know, she's closest to the black community.


Maybe she hears more. I don't know if the negative stuff from, I don't know. But whatever it is, I feel like, You know, you have to, if you're a pub public person, you just have to know that not everybody gonna like you first of all. And that's okay. You know, why do, why do we take it as it's always as like when it comes from your, from when criticism comes from your, from your own community. Why does it hurt more? Well, because it's a lineage and goes back to history of being attacked by our own people. You know, the crab barrel effect as well as we can be our own worst critics, You know, to each other. We don't wanna help each other. We, we, we don't wanna build with each other.


We don't wanna lift each other up. So it just comes from a generational hatred of what was embedded in us all the way. Taking it all the way back to when we were not allowed to. We were had to separate each other. You know, somebody was coming after us of our own color just to be in line with mastering them. So it goes all the way back to that. So it's just a lot of this lineage of generational hatred of just not everyone just kind of competing for themselves. And unfortunately women can be harsh against other women. You know, we can beat each other up so much and You know, we should be glorifying our bodies and our skin colors and our textures of our hair and all these things.


We're just so targeted in one way, but at the same time we're targeting each other. Right. But sometimes I feel like, You know, we can take criticism. People take criticism as always. It's always a bad, but sometimes it's not. Sometimes, You know, you can take cri, we have to learn everything isn't an attack. Everything right? Yes. Is not meant to tear you down. It's very defensive. We're defensive y'all. You know, it's just, we've been pitted against each other for so long and so we have these like hard shells, You know what I mean? It's just very much hard to penetrated. And then when you try to give advice or, or criticize something, it's like, oh, it's a tech. But it's, it's really not.


It's like, okay, I'm supporting you. I'm watching you, I'm listening to you. I Think you should do this. Hmm. Coming from a fan or You know, and multiple people are saying it, it's not an attack. It's not an attack always. Yeah. You just have to learn how to be able to accept criticism. Maybe she was having a bad day. That could be a possible to, that could be very much a possibility. Yeah. Do y'all think we're harder on our own than we are on others? Why or why not? We hold ourselves to a high standard. Just beca again be being separated and being picked at over our history of being African Americans living here, unfortunately.


So it's just, it's just very much comes with the territory of being, being blessed to be black, You know? And we have to do that shift of supporting one another and uplifting one another and being a sisterhood because that's where our strip lies. We, we have the most homes that, You know, single family households are owned by black women. We're top entrepreneurs. We're very smart and educated. We're one of the highest educated demographic groups. So it's just, we have to lean on really our faith and understanding of knowing who we are and tapping back into our power and our essence of knowing who our, what our strength is and it strength in numbers. So once we all lock in and get and rally up and get together, it's no stopping this movement.


That's true. Left. Yes. It's real. I mean, I think Ashley said it best. She, I think she answered this, it, they asked how should artists respond when they feel misunderstood or disliked anyone with a public figure? I, I feel like no response is the best response when, when it's something trying to, You know, prove a point to make people like you. When you feel, feel disliked, like ignore it. Like I feel like you create more, more commotion when you're Oh, oh we girl, this, I love the growth. I let you finish. No, it's the truth. I mean I'm a, I I can talk about it 'cause I was there, but like it creates more commotion and, and it just, you allow those trolls to overpower the people who really look up to you.


Yeah. Like when you don't entertain them, they eventually die down. Yes, exactly. They support you, You know, they're there. So I just see it because, You know, I was, yeah, it it's gross over here. You growth over there baby? I, I applied gross. Take it away. What? Yes, yes. You know, we can talk about that, You know, because obviously us being public figures, we're learning and people have an opinion, especially when you do reality tv. Especially when they know they can touch you. And so it's like, it is hard because we internalize it. We know who we are, we also know who we're raising. We also know everything we've been through and we're like, but we're trying to tell you we're not these people, You know, whatever the case may be.


I promise you I'm not like you, I promise you. But it, You know, again, every it's freedom of speech. Alright? Everybody has an opinion and they're gonna talk about it. That's why we, we can have a platform to talk on our own too. So here we are. When you say Ash, no. Just the same thing y'all are saying. I feel like, You know, she or, or anybody in the public eye, I just feel like you just have to know it's gonna come at some point. But like I said, maybe she was just having a moment and she couldn't take y'all shit no more. Okay. Like, You know what, which happens, You know, everybody done been there.


We all done been there where we just needed a moment to get it out, You know? Yeah. We've all had a moment where we had a little Twitter beef or went back and forth with somebody in the dms or You know, in the comment section or whatever. Like, we've all been there, done that. So, You know, even though I do think she should have not said everything she said, we've all been there. You know what I'm saying? We've all had a moment of like, You know, we just feel like we need to say what we need to set right? Yeah. But yeah, I I don't think she should do that again. For sure. And she girl, let it flow through your music girl. Let it flow. Yes. I know that's right.


I like that. But we love you that energy honey alone. We do love, love you. I and I, that was my jam. Yeah, it still, I couldn't, it was stuck in my damn head forever. Like, and then the notes that she hit, great. See if I can sing. I hit it, but I can't sing. We ain't got push on here. Notes love music. Yes. Yes. So get it together. We support you girl. We support.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon.


We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with auto pay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung.


Trade in and additional terms apply. You're listening to an iHeart podcast.