
This is an iHeart podcast. Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere. But are they going anywhere or are they stuck in silos, exhausting, resources, unable to scale? Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. So you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's create. Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy.


Covering more rural markets than many large banks, and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts. Also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh.


There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint. And it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself This season. Let your shoes do the talking designer shoe warehouses packed with fresh styles that speak to your whole five without saying a word from cool sneakers that look good with everything. The easy sandals you wanna wear on repeat the SW has you covered. Find a shoe for you from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, new Balance and more. Head to your DSW store or visit DSW dot com today.


It will. Speaking of while we are talking about finances, let's get into Amina Butterfly. Y'all remember Amina Butterfly? What was she on? I love her. I have loved her ever since she slapped that driver's license down on that table in front of Tara. I have loved her ever since. Proof. Right? Wasn't it true for saying I have loved her ever since? She sat on that reunion couch and that lady said, how do you feel about Tara having Peter's last baby? I don't, because that's not his last baby. And she stood up and showed her back. I have loved Yeah, I remember that scene. She has been tearing up the airwaves for, and that's the thing I don't understand, like where did her career go?


Was it because she chased after Peter so much? Like she had some loyalty to Peter, man, Peter, another one. Peter got something. I don't know what it is. Another, what you got? What are you doing to these women? What are you doing? I don't wanna know, honey. The Peter Tara and Amina Saga was, I mean, unmatched. Yeah, because how's the white, the side chick? Right? Because he was living with the white Tara. Right. But then not. Yeah. Well that was, that was crazy. The only thing that I can think that almost I remember that back in the day actually taught it was Stevie. Jocelyn and Mimi. And I still think that Peter, Tara and Amina topped it.


You know what I mean? Grade a reality TV like that was, and it was completely real. They was really tussling over Peter. Yeah, they were. And why? And I'm like, why is they fine? You know, why are they fighting over this man laying that shit down on the table? Bitch. I, Mrs. Peter guns. Okay, that was great. That was so good to me. So after losing her home in la, Amina revealed she moved to Germany with her two daughters and is now homeless. She's rebuilding quietly, but publicly. So as you all know, if you see Amina went on social media, she said she ne she didn't reach out to Peter.


He found out when the world found out that she basically lost her, her, her la home due to financial, You know, she, her finances are just gone. She has no money. Mm. And she was in La LA is expensive. I was just about to say that. Girl. It's very expensive. So, so Peter found out, Peter came back, he just put up a post probably like an hour ago saying that, You know, basically, are you playing me? Because I'll send you thousands of dollars every month, but not enough for she, You know, rent and everything else in LA or mortgage and how many thousands?


Because Los Angeles is Los Angeles. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. My thing is, don't You know before you just hit ground zero that, You know, money is tight. Okay. It's time to pull back in. I don't, I mean, she, she's not on, You know, in the blog. She's not in the limelight anymore. You could have moved solidly and downsized, moved to another state, got something like, why don't people just, I don't know. And, and it could be holding onto something, being in la You know? 'cause she was what? It was that loving hip. She wasn't, it was loving hip hop. New York, Atlanta, New York.


Okay. New York. So to go from New York to LA and then maybe going there to like, You know, make a name for herself, it just didn't work out. Is it really any of our business that she's putting it out there and wants to be private about it. But like, publicly speaking on it, I thought that was a little off. But at the same time, I bet you there's more people like this that aren't even honest about their financial situation statuses. So for her to even just speak up and be like, look, we're homeless. The blessing is she had a fallback plan of going home to family and low key. Germany is looking, You know, overseas looking to look advice.


You know what I'm saying? I mean, just to say, and then the blessing, she has somewhere to fall back to. So I'm not opposed to international living anyway. So maybe this is a blessing in disguise. I know one thing about being an English speaker. You can go to German energy if she's German too or whatever, having dual citizenship. She can teach English and be online. She can teach singing lessons. She can do all these things. How many opportunities? Yeah. She, so she could be right there in Germany with her family stacking her chips. Because honestly, this is happening to a lot of people. A lot of people are going back home. They're going back to their family homes and helping them with bills, having to stack money.


Students cannot find a job after getting degrees. So this is actually happening with lots of people. And for her to be a public figure and be honest and say, look, this is my two kids here. My girls, we left. We had to leave. You know? Yeah. I lost my home. I'm homeless. But guess what, we're in Germany. They made it to Germany. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And that could be a better opportunity for her. Yeah. Peter say, Peter said he bought them a round trip flight. They supposed to come back in August, but I guess she's not coming back. Yeah. She can't. If she can put them in school and try to stack some paper, it is what it is. You know, she's, she a blessing that she has that, that family and that fallback.


But I was to to what you were saying Sharelle about like how people find themselves in that situation. What I think sometimes is like when you're in the entertainment industry, like you're already so used to hustling and going from like job to job to job. And then like unfortunately, when you have a certain lifestyle, your income, like your lifestyle matches your income. But when you're in that field, in, in music or TV or whatever, your income fluctuates so much. And your lifestyle rarely changes. You really, you like playing catch up to your lifestyle basically. Yeah. And maybe she, You know, she's also a musician and she's a really, really good musician, a great artist, really talented.


So maybe she just wanted to do that or do appearances or make music or, or whatever it is. Like, I don't, I don't know. But I think sometimes like the instability of like your career or where your base comes from, where your money comes from, your life can sometimes reflect that. And sometimes you get lost. Lost. Because I can speak on it. I know when I started, You know, the whole reality TV especially, You know, working with Netflix, it was all about glitz and glam. And it's like, let me pull myself back in. I don't wanna live above my means. Like I know I can afford this with this person. And without this person I look at things, I, I, I need to pull my myself back in.


I caught myself trying to, well, work was living above my meanings, but I'm very finance, financially responsible. So I pull myself back in like, slow down, slow your ass down now. Because you gotta think about it when you don't have this person Long term. Long term, yes. Long term. How you gonna live? You have a family you gotta take care of. Yeah. So it's all about making sure that, You know, reality have to kick in. I can't. Hundred percent. You can't live for, for social media. Correct. You can't live for anybody else. You can't live for the entertainment world. You gotta live for yourself.


Sometimes I kind of wonder like in those types of situations, we don't actually really know how any of these people live for. Like no, we don't. She was living, You know, but y'all know it's the, it's the, like a nine to five, somebody would've put her on the ground, was like, oh shit. I mean a butterfly at the FedEx. You know what I mean? So I can understand that. But y'all, it's the pressure of society. Y'all, y'all are witnesses. It's the pressure society. The moment that you don't sit first class, when you flying on a flight, they all put you on blast. Look what they did in Natalie. Natalie nun. The moment that you ain't rocking this, that, and the third, the moment that you shop, they see you shopping in, in Target h and m is a problem.


Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like, I don't know how she was like living like her home or, or, or whatever the situation was. So I don't think it was a, a fact of like, oh, I have to live this way because people are gonna, it could have just been like, just her options income-wise might have been limited. More limited than what we think than what most people think when you get on tv. Make it a but ton of money. Yeah. Or you, this show or because people just assumed, like, they just assumed you make a lot of money. So if she did go out and get a job, they'd be looking at her crazy to porn tv. Y'all know, we didn't make up. We barely made girl, You know, the facts. Facts.


They don't know that you don't make much. You know, it's not, you can't depend on that. And it is about other things post, like even me working at the restaurant, I had so many customers like, are you, you wax richest, but what are you doing here with the, like, do you own this? Like, are you, what are you doing? I'm like, I'm actually in school. This is an externship. You know what I mean? So I got that same, they looking at you like, dang girl, you went for working at Netflix? Being like, yeah, yeah. I'm like, I'm actually in school. You know, I'm actually not getting paid. Like, I didn't say all of that, but I'm not, You know, the blessing is I'm able to be afloat, but at the same time, like, You know, it's a big difference of, You know, the fact that you can be this person, this woman.


'cause I even had to adjust low key. Even just from being married to now being the head of my household. Yeah. I have to budget separately. I have to do all these different things. It's a change of lifestyle. It's a change of everything. You know what I mean? I'm not living the same way I was when I was in a different income household. You know? So like, it's like saying no more to the children, or it's like, no, I, you just got this, you got, you just got that. And just understanding that the lifestyle and the adjustment has changed. This is normal. And again, look at our administration, You know, we had a scarcity on eggs, for example. And then we had the milk and then, You know, we are spending money on war.


And it's just, it's just a trickle effect that it, like there's no social security. Social security won't be an option for us. Yeah. These little things. So it's, it's a, it's just the retirement ages are getting longer and, and further away. Ooh. I think God, I did chose what I did and chose the career. I chose. Thank you Jesus. But you're a small percentage, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's a real thing. It's real life. People are losing their homes that they actually paid off, You know? Yeah. Now, now they can't afford the insurance. You know what I mean? So it's just like afford for the taxes. Yeah. Yeah. So people who, who were retired, they, they have tapped into all the 401k and, and, and used it.


You know, we went through COVID, we went through pandemics. We've gone through so much. And so it's an adjustment, You know what I mean? For everyone. And it's tough in social media. We only show what we wanna show. You know, we, we, whatever the people wanna see, that's what we are gonna highlight. We're gonna filter it, we're gonna highlight it, bold it, and let y'all see what we got. You know? But in reality, you don't know what anybody's going through. We really don't. I would be really happy. I'm gonna follow her on TikTok and I hope she documents her come up. I really do. Yeah. I'm, she's so talented. She gotta go girl. When she, when I saw her, her on the shade room, she was like, I don't know what I'm gonna do. I don't know how I'm gonna make money. I just went to jump through that screen and say, girl, gimme your talent.


'cause you, we can make so much money. Listen. And you, Peter came out and said he gives her money like a thousand dollars here. Like if you start, y'all know we're mothers. If you start dividing that up and subtracting and, and the shoes and the groceries and the, this and the, that, that thousand dollars is not, it's not, he said a thousands. Oh. I mean, I don't know. He didn't, he didn't, didn't say a thousand. He didn't say he didn't give a exact number. Listen, I'm rooting for Amina because listen, I'm too, in her loving hip hop era, she made a song she wrote about Peter. It was so, it's probably still on my phone, bitch. It's a song. It was, it was good.


No, it's what it called. I think it's called We Got Us or something like that. It is good. Like the girl, You know, she could write, she can write, she can play, she can sing. She's just talented. Some talented, her and her sister. That's what I'm saying. Like even before loving hip hop, like she had a little motion. She had, she had a situation like she was known in the industry. Yeah. Because her and her sister were in the group. No. Like something like that. Yeah. What is it called? I forgot. I don't know. Is it called Butterfly? I dunno. It was Butterfly. Oh, well there you go. See she go ahead. Hit no. You know how to hit it girl. No, You know what, moving on Next segment.


Got my camera being bootlegged again. I'm about to hit up Sony and be like, what is going on? Because this isn't brand new. My system is brand new. What is going on with y'all? Yeah, y'all. They don't want me to be great baby voices. We all want this. I got this. Look, I got all this stuff over here rigged up looking a hot mess. Oh, you gotta show me your setup friend. We get off. I wanna see it. I ain't, I'm not doing that 'cause I'm not doing that. Sure. I'm waiting. We wait till it's all cute. Okay. Alright. Because I've been on vacation and everything Is it is courts everywhere. Oh yeah. My girl be traveling. Ooh. Ooh. Living my best life. Lemme ask you.


Living outside my means. No, I'm about to say, let me ask you all this. If you lost everything tomorrow, what was the first three moves you make to rebuild? I was about to say something crazy inappropriate. That's not what, I lost everything tomorrow. What was TikTok shop? I'm selling merch on TikTok. So your first TikTok shop, the feed, the feet are going on. The feed are my, my feet are definitely gonna be on. I mean, I I you, tomorrow I still have a real estate license. So somebody gonna have to let me sell their house. Yeah. Going hard on real estate.


I, I mean, but with real estate it's hard. It is hard. But I'm saying I already have my license because it goes up and down. You have your license, but it's hard to sell that first home. So what you gonna do that first home may not sell in three months. What you doing Pee? What you going for? Shop. Shop. I just told you. Or I can go back to being a Bible girl. Yep. I was a good bottle girl too. And I still know the promoters bitch. They gimme me a job quick. I'd be bootlegging. I know you would a bootlegger. I know you would. What? What's your bootlegging? Literally everything. Bootlegging. Everything. She was bootlegged.


I know it. I know it. I think my feet would be on OnlyFans. I'll start with because they, these ladies are they, let me tell you something. They buying houses. You talking about buying houses and selling houses. Listen, let say that all what y'all need plates. You can cook. Everybody gotta eat. Oh yeah. Everyone's gonna eat for sure. I can make plates. They said three. The question was three things. You know, if I gotta do, do something tomorrow, but when you gonna get the food, you gotta, and then I would have to, I would have to go purchase it first and then and, and hustle and sell plates. You hit up, You know, hit up.


I'm gonna hit, I'm gonna hit up a few people and I'm like, do you need a personal chef? I'm gonna ask Andre if you wanna be the only kid. And that'll, that, that would, that would be it. I will start with, this is, I'm only fan couples was making money. I'm gonna ask Andre, did you wanna be an OnlyFans couple? You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna hit on with it because I, so I down, I put up a post when I was in Paris of my little walk and y'all, I have my business phone and I get Apple Pay on my business phone. Somebody said, would you ever listen, I ain't even Finn show yet, but I I sc I took a screen picture of it. Somebody was like, that post just killed me and Apple paid me $500. So I'm gonna just put on my heels, all these legs, they'll put on a nice little fitty dress and just hit my little ball.


Is it your stalker? Oh, I dunno. Probably. I dunno. I tried to put the number in Cash app to see who it was. But you don't know. You want me to call it? I'll call it, give it to, I mean, you can, I'll give you the number when we get off. But I ain't complaining because that's got hundred dollars. You know, I, I still got it in my little wallet. I'm just saying. Ooh. Thank you. Hang up before, so you, you and you and Andre would be one of them. It one of them couples on only fans. Yeah. I mean, probably not. It's a nice thought though, Janine. Probably not. I mean, if, listen, I, I'm starting to keep my salvation intact.


You know, I do love the Lord, but I'm just saying it's tempting. No. 'cause we met the Lord knows our heart. Okay, well I don't know how the Lord feel about my booty and be camera and my marital sex life on their phone. I don't know how he feels about that. Well, you could show a little cheat. Yeah. The to the edge. We gonna test this from the show. We gonna have hundred. You gonna be in a little banana hammock. I'm gonna put a little Haitian flag tied around his face. Not Haitian flag. We finna we finna do it now we gonna get some money.


The couples. Couples who's making money, Your business deploys AI pilots everywhere. But are they going anywhere? Or are they stuck in silos, exhausting resources. Unable to scale. Maybe you don't need hundreds of AI pilots. You need a holistic strategy. IBM has 65,000 consultants with Gen AI expertise who can help you design, integrate, and optimize AI solutions. So you're not just deploying ai, you're scaling it across your business. Learn more at ibm.com/consulting. IBM let's Create. Hey good drivers. Yeah, we're talking to you. The ones who don't speed.


The ones who avoid those fender benders and who always use their turn signal. Congratulations. You are a better driver. And that means you could get better rates with Route insurance. It's time to stop paying for other people's bad driving habits. You know, like the ones who cut you off just to slam on their brakes or the lead foot Speeding to work every day with Route Insurance. You'll get a quote based primarily on your driving. Just download the Route app. Drive around like you normally would for a couple of weeks and boom, you'll get a quote that actually makes sense. It's that easy route because better drivers deserve better rates. Download the Route app today and see how much you could save. That's route Insurance Terms and conditions apply subject to underwriting review.


See route.com for detailss. So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know the degree. Cool Rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and other protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does. 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4.


There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself. Hey, it's Ryan Reynolds here from MIT Mobile. Now I was looking for fun ways to tell you that MIT's offer of unlimited premium wireless for $15 a month is back. So I thought it would be fun if we made $15 bills, but it turns out that's very illegal. So there goes my big idea for the commercial. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only speed.


Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees extra. See mint mobile.com. Well, speaking of relationship, and I know y'all been tuning into Love Island. Let's talk about it ladies. I haven't though. I haven't. No, I have not. But you've been hearing about it. I know. You've know my, my kids watch it. I what's going on every day I feel like to hear about it. We are not gonna lie. The girls are locked into Love Island. Like it's the stock market voting on other people's breakups. Getting invested in men named Zach or two. Zach with a C or Zach.


What a k And Roman romanticizing chaos. Why do we care so deeply about strangers finding love on tv? Do we? 'cause it's, it's broadcasted. Do we? It's for our entertainment purposes. It's, I think everyone's a hopeless romantic, right? Like everyone wants to see people like, but are they really romantic? Because these are strangers. That's how I look at it too. 'cause I was like, why are such and such crying? Because I was, I got, I got hit to it a little later on. Why? Right before like, You know, the Huda and the Jeremiah situation.


Yeah. And I was like, wanting to do this. I wanted to be like, what's going on here? Like shaking. And I'm like, it's only been how long, how many days I did cry. But I feel like when you are forced in a, in a situation in time, it's like you only have a few to pick from. I feel like you intentionally start to attract to someone and then you begin to like them. It's like you're isolated and it's like, it's a forced connection. Yeah. Forced connection. And you're right. That's the whole point of being on Love Island, right. Is to find a connection and ultimately win it. Correct. So you in it, if you find Game. Hmm. Like you win if you find your person.


I think so. I, this is my first season. Okay. You know, I'm, I'm back in the old, I'm used to the old school shows love shows like Flavor, FLA Flavor. Yeah. Flavor Fla was fun. Those were those Chance of Love. Real Chance of Love. Real Chance of love. That playing play. I like watching it now. I love New York with my jam. Yes. I love New York. New York Delicious. What? Yeah. Those were my favorite. Those were, those were. But we did, we wanted him to be in love too. Like, we were like fighting for him to be in love.


But I'm like, who would fight over LA? And they were friendly fighting. Yeah. Tussling. He picked Delicious. Right. Poops. Poops. But there was multiple seasons though. It was, yeah. He picked hoops. He picked I think he he did pick Delicious then. Yeah. Pick Delicious And Delicious is looking good. I I follow her now on Instagram. Delicious baby. Delicious. Look Delicious. Yeah, definitely. He played in New York Face twice. Or Rice. How many times did he play in New York Face?


A few times. But New York was funny. She is the reality queen. I was just about to say one person who kept it going and really has like, You know, like just continued on this trek. It's been her, she's been in this for a long time. She and I a holding down her own mom. Wasn't she like on The Apprentice and everything, like all these shows. I was like, I mama and I love her mom was House Villains villain. Yeah. She's definitely capitalized and made a name for herself. A household name for sure. Past generations. 'cause I don't know, I just, my kids never watch Flavor of Love. That's what we grew up on. Which was awesome to watch the best.


I dunno, I dunno. It's something about, about love shows, dating shows that just draw people in and it just, they feel invested. Yes. Yeah. I mean invested the one thing that connects everybody. Like you can watch seeing competition shows, but everybody can't sing. You can watch, You know, those survivor type shows, but the outside ain't everybody's jam. But love, like we, everybody loves love. Yeah. Yeah. But, and also I just think it's fun to just, just watch people overreact about strangers. 'cause I mean, you really don't know me. Yeah. We get invested. We really upset. I was mad last night, I'm not gonna hold y'all. I was like, this is some bullshit.


Like this was not fun. We were very upset and frustrated because we're like, what's going on? And I, it's all new for me that, well we need to tune in. Say, do we need to watch you? Yeah. But then you get bad at it. You're like, why am I watching this? And then you like, but I wanna tune in to see what's gonna happen. It tugs at you. You know what I'm saying? It really tugs. I'm surprised. Lemme watch it. She, I, I don't have time to watch tv. I've been only been watching it. Asada. Asada. And I have been having like, our girl time. So this is how we've been like bonding. I have no one to watch it with Andre. Don't watch them type of shows. He hates reality TV.


And I love it. You do. Porsche happens. Love. We we're and it's in real time too. I think that's why people are invested too. And now with the influx of social media, everyone has an opinion. Everyone can talk about it and chime in on these relationships. And we wanna know if it's real or not. You know, we wanna see. I'm nasty to me. I don't like all the swapping and I'm about to take my ass on Love Island. One of the, I'm about to create near dating show at this point. Why everybody on TikTok talking about Is that Girl Booty reel or not? Which one? Who Booty is her name? Huda. Yeah.


Whoah. Gotta be beating white people. So it's a lot going on on this girl. A lot. I've seen somebody twerking. Is that the same show? She was Ben over Dancing Twerking on Doggy Style. That's the same show. Doggy Style. Who that might be. I think it like how they, they make them kiss, they make them, they all are in the same room sleeping together. Let's, let's go on the dating show. No, you wouldn't go on the dating show. I was technically dating on the show already. How about that? That's why I thought that you were going to say yes. I thought you were open. Yeah, we could go, go on a dating show.


Bachelor, bachelorette. We could have our own show from the men. What's the one? So what's the one Show Blind? What is it? Love is Blind. Blind. Like I like that show. I would not do that. I would not go on love his I know I would pick the wrong person. I get on there like, oh my God, he's so sweet. I don't know if I'm would do it. I don't know if Stick He, I do do a show I maybe bachelorette, maybe, You know, see the thing about Bachelorette, you don't wanna be wrangled like a, like all the options. I'd rather me be picking. How about that? I know. Yeah. Thats what I said. We picked like the Yeah, yeah.


All let's go Sherelle guys. It's yucky. Like you gotta kiss all the people. That's how I feel. I didn't like that. I don't like that. And I don't know, like, just being, being the bachelorette and just like kissing this one, kissing that one. Like, we don't know if you let smash nothing. I'm done of a slut, but I don't know. I don't know about that. Yeah. I I don't mind being cord. I don't mind all that. But it is, it does get, it gets nasty. Mommy, you of get close to me and you say your breath and I sm your breath. Oh no. And you gonna see it all over my face. You know, like you're not getting a rope or whatever.


No, you need to, you need to go exit the door to the dentist. It's at staged. Well maybe we need to dive into the, what is it called? Love Island. Yeah. Get into it. It's crazy. It's speak on it right now. I'm not watching now. I can't speak up. Yeah, you could start from the beginning and catch up. But it's a lot. It's a lot ing. I started late, so I got in there really maybe about five episodes ago. I wasn't there at the beginning. So I'm asking questions. I'm like, who's this? Who's that? I'm still just getting names and, and couples together. Then you look up, then here comes some other people. I'm just like, oh, I can't keep up.


No, you getting on your daughter nerves, asking all them damn course I do. I'm asking them that. I'm like, who is this? And she was like, that's Shelly and that's this. And I'm like, okay. Oh my gosh. I was like, I like her. She's cute. Ugh. I don't know. I don't know if I need any more reality filth in my life. Do I need another one? Okay. If, if, if I did a dating show, I would have to be like picking and I would would have to pick the cont the people who were fighting for my love. I needed a nice lineup. I can't allow nobody else to pick. Okay. Okay. Good to know. What about you Lex? I would, I think I would do it. Like, I would wanna be like the Bachelorette.


I would be the one that's picking and going on the dates. 'cause I, I'm, I'm a queen and come court me. So let's be courted. You know, You know what I mean? And I choose. I'm down for that. Y'all nasty. Yeah, I'm down for that. I would do that. That's a long shot girl. What's a long shot you seen going ready to mingle? Yeah, but no, I'm saying that's the long shot for me to really be doing it in real life. Okay guys. Understand. We'll see. Killing me acting like, girl, you need to stop it. I'm shy. No you're not. Yay. You are far from shy.


Not sexy. Lexi. What do you mean exactly? Let me give you a shot. A shot of that tequila. All that shyness. Go out the door. Let me be a casting director. Get my, let me. Oh my goodness. Of course. Okay, well let's get into humble bat's. Mail enough with it. With me. Okay. How about, how about that? What we got Lex. What we got. Here we go. Trying ca He paid my rent. They both put me into eviction. Thanks. Here we go. Hey baddies.


Hey. I was dating this man who offered to pay my rent. He paid the first month and told me to quit my second job. Next thing I know I'm getting eviction letters and he's poolside into one with another girl. Pulls up to his mama's house in a tight dress in full makeup. Was I wrong? Amanda s from Ohio girl. Where, where? To the stuff at? What? What? You pull up to the mama house in a tight dress, in full makeup. Gotta do. That's it. Was I wrong? She pulling up you to take your second job? Yeah. First of all, if he just paid the first month's rent, it should have been first and last and at least some kind of commitment.


He left. He left her. Do not quit the job. That was the first red flag. You know him saying, I got you. And now look at him. Turn he gonna tell you what you want to hear. He don't want you to quit your job. He gonna tell you what you, what he wants you to hear, to rear you in to get in your draws and you dumb behind and quit your second job. Now you looking like boo boo the fool with an eviction letter on your door. Yeah. Yeah. So was sis finessed or did she quit her job too fast? She was finessed. She was finessed. She quit a her job too fast. And now she boo boo the fool. She might as well walk around with a clown suit on.


I'm sorry Amanda. Somebody tell you to quit your job. They gotta give you a little bit more than one month's rent. Exactly. Yeah. That was like first laugh and in between it has to be something else. Some more truck. First of all, you need to pay my whole lease the whole term. Yeah. Yeah. Year, two years, whatever. First of all, you're not telling me to put on a job. They're only paying. Exactly. It's by spending money. Where my grocery money, where my utilities I'm supposed to live. Exactly. What is that? How do you really know when financial help comes with toxic streams? You wait and see, take the help and wait and see what you supposed to do.


He said he gonna pay the rent. That's right. They pay it. Yeah. You, I mean you start off with trusting and then now that you see that he, she should have never quit, Amanda. You should have never quit your second job. That's, that's, that was a source of income for you. Yeah. In general. As opposed to just stack the extra cushion was him paying for the rent you could have stacked, You know, and not you two jobs. You know what I mean? Could have stacked up all your little monies. Yeah. And you playing and I, he in Tulum with another girl, his next victim and you at his mama house knocking on the door with a face full of, what's that makeup called? Maybelline. And your little she dress on who cu her out because it's, I hope you told that lady she raised the loser because it's disgusting.


But it wasn't Amanda. Amanda, you a little slow. You're a little slow. That's all Amanda. Get it right. Go get your second job and keep it moving baby. Try again next time, baby. Yeah, try. He is not the one red flag. Red flag, red flag. So anyway, alright. Yes. Well ladies a great episode of Humble Baddies. She got a job. What was it? She get a job. What was it? Get a job. Get a job. We finna get a job that I'm seeing. That's what all of this tied into of sis. Get a job.


Antonio Brown. Everything Baby Mama. Amina. Everybody need a job. Amanda, be Simon. I'm just gonna go join, join the police force. Police don't go join in the police force. So dangerous. No it ain't. Help's not. Listen, I'm, I'm gonna have two jobs working for the police. Pay me a little something, something right here and I let you go. Wrap up Sherelle, get her off the air. She's a criminal at heart. Let's get her out here. Not gonna happen.


My girl's a booster. A bri a bootleg. Now Boost Bootle boot bootleg. You know what a bootleg is? I mean yes. It's, I miss different ones back in the day. Used to liquor a bootleg. Yeah, a liquor sell liquor or a bootlegging could be like you getting, You know, nothing authentic. It's like the off Brandand. Oh no, no. Bootlegging. What? I'm from McKen. It is the liquor, right? Liquor. I was gonna say Liquor. Liquor, yeah. Give the that military special and tell 'em Miss Pooch ate, got that moonshine from millet heart.


Awfully pretty. But man, she is a mess. She is. Listen, I ain't been incriminate myself and tell y'all what I used to do, but not incriminate. I know. Used to it be statute of limitation at this point too. It should be over. You know, they can't come get you Uhuh. Different rules over there. Listen Trump and Yeah, we got different rules over there. Trump our who, look who our president is. We gonna pass on that. I love y'all. We had an amazing time tonight on Humble Baddies. Yeah. Listen, make sure y'all tune in. Subscribe to Humble Baddies podcast, Humble Baddies on YouTube. Follow us on social media ig Humble Baddies podcast.


You can follow me. Sharelle Rosado on Instagram and all other platforms. Ladies, tell 'em how they can follow y'all. And you can follow me, Alexis Meyer on Instagram. And you can follow me at Porsche buro on Instagram. And what's merch portion? You gotta, you gotta let the people know, girl. No, I ain't wearing my shirt, girl. I should've wor I said and people finna be tired of seeing me and Bad bitch. Good mom. But anyways, the bad bitch. Good mom. shop.com and use the code. Humble Baddies for 20% off, period. Ooh, I like that. Yeah, yeah. We love a co we love a code discount.


We Okay. Sense. Well, thank you for, I mean, but you, you can also hit me 'cause I'll be over at Port House. I got a little, another little I can. Bye. Bye. Bye. Goodnight everybody. Love y'all. Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career Cybersecurity specialists earn in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats.


Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify. For some of us, personal finances aren't just personal. They include a lot more people than ourselves. Loved ones, neighbors, the communities we call home and the causes we hold in our hearts. At Thrivent, we help plan your financial picture with the bigger picture in mind. Because even though our business is helping guide your finances, our ambition is to make it mean so much more. Thrivent, where money means more. Connect with us@thrivent.com. Step into the world of power, loyalty, and luck.


I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse with family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want to get mixed up in the family business. Introducing the godfather@choacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowing world of the Godfather Slot Someday I will call upon you to do a service for me. Play the Godfather now at choa casino com. Welcome to the family. No Purchase necessary v GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other AI often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence.


That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com and let us know how you feel the difference. This is an iHeart podcast.