(0s):
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes.

(48s):
Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com. Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/talk to get your tickets.

(1m 38s):
Hey, when's last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hi music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMV. I love this station. You talk about Real stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists. And we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa. What snap I kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99.5 Outta What's up everybody?

(2m 19s):
Welcome to another episode of Humble Baddies. I'm your girl Alexis Meyer. And we are here to give you some of the, what's late, the latest t the vibes, the, the good energy. You know what's good? What's good lady? Hey girl, we got our sister house Piao here filling in for girl Sherell. What's up boo? I you, Hey poor. I know. I miss y'all too. I can't wait to get back down to Miami. Miami so we can hang out. You know I'm coming to Miami because I need a tan first of all. Oh, okay. Yes. You hear how Alexis try me. She already said I looked like something off a twilight. I mean, you could use a little Yeah.

(2m 60s):
Thing. You think I'm giving everlasting white woman? It's cute. It's dont be a baby. It's still pretty everlasting White lady. And it's so funny, y'all, whenever I get my makeup done, that's my first bit of instruction is please don't make me look like a white woman. Like wash you out. It can go there. Yeah. You know what I mean? I, I tell them I wanna be bronze, like bronze me down. I wanna be ing brown. Yes. There you go. Like a new me guys is Yeah. Makeup when you need some. I don't want much. This is beyond makeup. I'm not fitting to be on here. Mismatch, coloring everything else. And girl, my face come down down here, You know, a little more s and get you some of this.

(3m 45s):
Okay. I trying to be brown like the girls like the g It's okay. I got it. How? Yeah. I'll do baby. He's so good. My little chunky bug. Yeah, y'all. He's the best. I try not to say things like, oh good baby, bad baby. 'cause there's no such thing as a bad baby. He is good baby. He's a good baby. There's a, there's such bad sleep for Colicy baby. Yeah, that's, that's a good baby right there. That that big. That's a good baby. It's a blessing too that You know him being the latest one. You know, like, 'cause that can like change up a little bit of the, what You have another baby, are you, it just makes it easier for you is a good baby.

(4m 27s):
I will, I will say that I feel like that's how people get pushed into having four and five babies because they get that one baby that's just like you, You know, like yeah, I'm, I'm an amazing, no, but he's just great. You know what I mean? You can't answer my question. Are you gonna have another baby? I don't know. I don't think it's up to me. Okay. That's girl. Are you saying it's up to God or it's up to your husband? I mean Oh, kind of both. Right? It's giving both. Yeah. You know, I think, I think I would be open to it. Not right now though. I'm so tired y'all, I'm exhausted. Like I don't have it. Yeah, I hear you girls damn sleepy all the time.

(5m 7s):
But if you wanted another one I'd be like, yeah. Okay. Okay, sure. Well, I'm beyond babies but I am celebrating my anniversary today with y'all anniversary. Happy anniversary, You know, day. What a blessing. Ashley, congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. How many years has it been? This is our eighth year. I know, that's right. Yeah, our eighth year. But we've been together 16 years. So I mean to me, I feel like it's been a lifetime. You know what I'm saying? Like I have a question because I'm almost like you, it's been 15 years for us, but six years married.

(5m 51s):
But have you ever heard of the seven year issue? Yeah. Yes. That's when I got, I've had the second year it, I don't know if that was seven years. I definitely feel like it was maybe around six years. I feel like we wasn't itching, but we needed some lotion. You know what I'm saying? We, we some shade butter itching. We were with dry, You know what I'm saying? We wasn't itchy yet, but it was definitely getting to a point where we needed some moisturizing of our relationship. You know what I'm saying? And yeah. So yeah, it's like we definitely felt it. So I ain't trying to fool.

(6m 32s):
No, I can moisturize it. I'm so intrigued. How'd you moisturize? Because I'm coming up on your seven. You need to, you need, this is good. This is good dialogue to know about by the way, if it get ashy. No, I need to know. Yeah. I got, You know, before it got to us being itchy, You know what I'm saying? We was a little, it was a little dry and I felt like it was a communication thing. Communication was dry and like we really needed time to like sit down and really express like our feelings. You know, every day I would be saying what I'm frustrated about, but not what I'm frustrated about. You know what I'm saying? It would be like little things that I'm like mad at him about. But the real core issues we weren't addressing.

(7m 16s):
And so I feel like really it took conversations of us sitting outside like, I have somebody keep, You know, here with the kids and we literally sat outside. Yeah, I know. I'm always outside and we sat outside on the grass, shoes off. Like just talk, You know, just have conversation. Yeah. Like we really needed to ground ourselves, ground our relationship and just like talk for hours and just like lay it all out. So we did that. We went away, You know, so we could have more conversation, You know, time just for ourselves. And I really feel like just being open and honest about what we're really feeling and really like making a decision about what we're gonna do moving forward.

(8m 0s):
Because it's like, yeah, we can talk about it all day, but like moving forward, like what kind of marriage do you wanna have for real? Like, 'cause You know, we could be married and it could suck. We could have a, You know, a good marriage, You know, so, Or you can have a good marriage. Yeah. Or You know, so it's like one you trying to be here. I like that. First of all, You know? Yeah. Yeah. You wanna be here because if you don't, You know what I'm saying? So we both did and we knew that. But it's like, okay, we both want the same things then. Like what are we doing? So really you just gotta ask the questions. Like do you wanna be here? Okay, what kind of marriage do you wanna have? What kind of wife do you want?

(8m 41s):
What kind of husband do you want? What are your expectations of me? You know, what, where do you see us building together? What do you see you building on your own? Like, just really whatever those like core questions are. I feel like we really had to sit down and talk about it because just going every day, like doing your thing and then waiting till something happens to try to have a conversation about those things, it doesn't work. Like you really gotta be specific 'cause it's your marriage and it's forever. And you need to be specific about what you want your marriage to be like. Intentional. I feel that. Yeah.

(9m 21s):
Thank you girl. Take it. Yes. So don't let it get, don't let it get itchy when you don't let You know. We don't want it to be itchy. Always try it. Okay. Every we get, get you some shea lettuce, get you some, get you. We have therapy in here every day. Like I fully became his therapist and I think he became nine. But it's, You know, necessary. Yes it is you and it's something you have to do every day. Got promotion on every day or y'all asking me get asy every day or you gonna look back. Exactly. You gotta check in. Got to. That's, so that's my little advice now, You know, we, on year eight I'm still learning and You know, so whatever advice I'm always like here, but I just know that worked for us when we had, when we had got a little dry or whatever, but it was is so seven years is when actually it was started to be a separation and divorce.

(10m 14s):
Mm. So it that's a real family byte. Yes. Yeah. They said like, that's real. Like it's been studied like that. It has been real. Absolutely. And it's not was that, it, obviously it just wasn't seven years. 'cause we have children prior to that, but like, that's when things started to shift. And I agree with you Ashley. I think it's commendable that you're honest because you're in it and others are in it and listening because I feel like if more people in our circle in our community that people that were like there for us, were more honest about what marriage looked like, how hard it is, how You know, it, it, it goes ups and downs.

(10m 54s):
80, 20, 60, 40 sometimes give and take all these things and understanding your partner. I feel like that could have been a little bit of a catalyst for us to kind of maybe think get things a little bit better. Right. You know, I feel like we were just almost out there figuring this out by ourselves. Yeah. So without that, you wanna know what we all thought? You know, we all thought that the worst thing that could happen in your marriage is infidelity. Of course. And it, it plainly just, it, everybody thinks that as long as the, and I aint cheating. And you think that's the worst thing that can happen to you. Correct? Truthfully, it's just life. You're growing up, you're getting older now you're an adult.

(11m 34s):
Childhood traumas come up. Yes. You know, your parent getting sick, your children are being born, they're going through stuff, financial stuff and you throw different people. Like, I'm not the same person that he met, You know, in 2 0 0 9. You know what I'm saying? And and you're not supposed to be. Exactly. But that's the thing, like people are like, he, he at one point he's like, but you wasn't like that before. You didn't like that before. I'm like, yeah, I know. I was, he, he probably told me that yesterday, like, You know, there's definitely like natural growing pains but nobody really talked about that. But You know, there's one thing that I don't subscribe to and that's that marriage is hard and I feel like, I hate that saying, I hate when people say marriage is hard because nothing that's worth it in life is easy first of all.

(12m 26s):
Okay, second of all, it's hard if you want it to be hard. You know what I'm saying? Like, we know what we need saying, Amir needs communication. We've been hearing that since the beginning of time saying like, you have to be honest and transparent and truthful. We know these things. It's just doing it. You know, it's just actually being about it and doing the things that you say. And I just feel like, You know, power is in the tongue. So if you keep saying mayor, just, You know what I'm saying? Y mayor just gonna be hard. So I just don't subscribe to saying those words out loud.

(13m 6s):
I'll never be like, I'm just like, You know, he can, my nursing side, You know what, I don't, I don't like to say that it's hard, but it damn show ain't easy. And that's cool. That's what I was gonna say. It's not worth having. It is a little hard. It's not. Yeah. It's a challenge. And you're supposed to, you wanna show up, be positively over your marriage, protect your marriage and yeah. I just, I just don't, I know that's right. Yeah. Deacon Willow, you better tell him, tell the congregation the saints in the back life and death in power to turn. Period. Hello. We want that. We do need that for sure.

(13m 47s):
Yeah. But we gonna celebrate. I low key had forgot about my anniversary. I had called Wish Me a Ash and I was like, Ooh. But his mama, yes mama. Was she shady about she say she was just like, oh that's nice. Yeah, actually she, yeah, I know. Thank you Ms. Phyllis. She said she sent us a gift. It hasn't come yet, but she is so sweet. Like our relationship has grown so much over the years and I think that has helped our marriage as well because You know, when you don't get along with it, that's hard.

(14m 29s):
Okay. No, I'm glad that we are healed from our past because if you ever watched any of my old show, y'all know it was a mess back in the day on the cheeks. Cutting up, cutting up. Perfect. Okay. Nothing to play with. I still love her. That's still her. I love. Yeah. Okay, love, love. So we gonna celebrate. We gonna celebrate. I don't know, in a couple weeks we going out of town, but for now I'm gonna just be outside with my chickens and that's all. Do you think, do you think the anniversaries change over time? Like it's just like, we'll just celebrate later when her, it's not, I do feel like in the beginning I was like, count down the days to my anniversary and now I'm like, it's another day.

(15m 20s):
Another year. Yeah. And I still, I'm, You know, I'm happy and You know, I feel blessed that we made it to eight years. 'cause I mean I, we be talking all the time like can't believe like we've been married for eight years and we got two key. They're like an old person because you feel like who's left is this actually been married? We could be parents Who said that? Who chose that? Is that crazy? They giving us kid? Yeah, we say that a lot. Yeah. But it is something to be proud of sometimes. Like it's, I don't get caught up in the celebration of it or what are we gonna do or where's my gift?

(16m 3s):
I don't do any of that. But like some we'll go to dinner and we'll just be like, oh, like we're proud of us. Yeah. You know what mean? Keep doing that accomplishment now. I love that. Yeah, I like that too. And You know, I just think that in this day and age we really should like, recognize it. Like I shouldn't, we shouldn't be so nonchalant about it because honestly like relationships don't be lasting and marriages people don't, You know, uplift it like they used to anymore. So we should, You know, celebrate it and it is a big deal. So I don't mean to like make it seem little of it at all. I think it's so What's that?

(16m 43s):
Yeah, I understand. It's not little. We feel you girl. We know you ain't. We do. You might even give all the emotion all the time. You know what I mean? You just like, yeah, I just, I feel, I feel blessed every day. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm happy every day. I take a moment every day to be like, thank God for all of this. You know what I'm saying? So, but yeah, I don't make little of it at all. I need that little dose of positivity to start the, the cast. Okay. A little. And that's of me. Look, that's a my fairy tale. It's true that some things change as we get older. But if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging.

(17m 28s):
And with MIDI health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms. Not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great.

(18m 9s):
Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com. Hey it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth and build real connections. Chase Sapphire reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages to meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.

(18m 55s):
Let's talk about segment one from fairytales to headlines. Tonight we're diving into a story that's been making waves across social media and news outlets. It's about love, Fame and the complexities that come with both. We're talking about the recent allegations involving Hailey ba Bailey and her ex-boyfriend rapper. DDG. That's right. Hailey is her name Hailey or Holly? Holly Haley. I think it's Haley. Haley badly. I think it's Haley. Yeah. Who I'm talking about. Little Mermaid. Little Mermaid Mermaid. She's recently been granted temporary custody.

(19m 36s):
Oh a granted, a temporary restraining order against CDG and citing multiple instances of abuse during and after their relationship. The couple share a 17 month old son named Halo and they began dating in 2022 and they separated in October of 2024. The court filings alleged physical abuse, verbal emotional and financial abuse, including a January incident where DDG allegedly assaulted her during a custody exchange resulting in a chipped tooth. Ooh, did y'all see that picture? I did. Yeah. She also claimed saw that DDG has used social media platforms to spread misinformation and incite harassment against her leading to threats and online abuse.

(20m 26s):
It's a deeply troubling situation that raises important questions about domestic violence, especially in high profile relationships. So let's open up this conversation with some questions that we hope will spark some thoughtful discussions. Alright, so controversial and conversational questions. Did we all ignore red flags because the couple looked so cute online. Were we too caught up in the aesthetic of the relationship to notice things were off? Well I wanna start by saying one, we don't know what people have going on behind closed doors. Let's just start that one.

(21m 8s):
Two, these are two public figures and we did see them come together. We did see her like, You know, it was since she was doing this run with Disney and being, You know, a Disney princess and Ariel. Yeah. The first black and only black ariel by the way. Right. I feel like it, You know, we were invested because she was doing so much press while she was expecting. And so not only that she was focused on her job doing her, but also didn't wanna have the stigma of, I'm not married, You know, I'm Disney, I'm all this, this and this. So with all of that pressure and all of that going on, her body changing, hormonal, all this stuff, again, we don't know what was going on behind closed doors.

(21m 50s):
Obviously now what's done in the dark comes to the light because here we are speaking on this and unfortunately there's a baby, a baby involved and we know this as mothers, you wanna protect yours, protect. And obviously there's some other things that have happened where it's like, it may or may be documented, I don't know specifics, but enough to where she's like, my child is not safe in this environment. Yeah. Obviously if it's me, You know, I, I'm not safe in this environment and neither is this child. So I'm sure, I mean in order for a judge to even give a restraining order, there is some kind of evidence of like at least like, You know what, this situation is a little weird.

(22m 32s):
So you need to go ahead and stay away, You know, until they have more, You know, evidence or whatever the case may be. But if a judge grants a restraining order, that means there is enough signi, a significant amount of evidence where they're like, You know what? This is not good for her to be near. You guys are not supposed to be near each other right now. The baby coming in involved, it's tough because now again you want to protect yours and, and now it's like, look, I gotta take this baby with me. I gotta travel. She's gonna have to work and, and take the shot with her. Which it is what it is. You gotta do what you gotta do. But again, we just don't know what was going on. So now it's out, You know, it's public and now we're just gonna, You know, support her and uplift her.

(23m 16s):
And at the end of the day we have to believe when people are saying this happened to me. You know, I know she's also very nervous about his, his outcry of his public image as far as all his followers. 'cause he's a known streamer that, You know, streams live all the time and they're harassing her. So it's also very volatile in that situation too. 'cause now you're adding that being both of you public figures, but people can publicly post these disheartening, You know, things. So it's a lot of mental and emotional abuse that she's already saying she's had. So now you're adding these layers to it. So it's sad. I'm supporting family all the time and also, but also safety first.

(23m 60s):
Yeah. Lemme tell you, I was not caught up and no static of nothing. I'm gonna tell you why. Because Lil Mermaid, first of all, she has been following the Beyonce protocol her whole career. I ain't saying nothing. She's saying nothing. I ain't do nothing. She don't respond to nothing. Hmm. He probably, because he's a streamer, I don't know a lot about him, but everything that I do see is he get on Twitter and he is like a certified yapper. Okay. He was going at her, he was saying a lot about her, about the relationship, about this, about that. And I'm like, damn. Like, I mean, they're cute and everything, but I really do wish that, that he would kind of be quiet about what they got going on.

(24m 40s):
But IAnd, that's a part of his career. He, You know, he gets paid a lot to overshare. I get it over share. Yeah. But it is also just like, I, I cannot stand no man as a certified. Yeah. See that's what I, when you said that she was following the Beyonce protocol, that's what I thought of her and her sister. Like, they were like following in the Beyonce's footstep until she got damn. And then I was like, wait a minute. I know Beyonce did not sign off on this. So I too was not caught up in anything Beyonce signed off or aesthetic. I was just like, as soon as they became a thing and she was pregnant, I was like, what is happening?

(25m 23s):
Like, I will say he did look like a, a good dad though, You know what I'm saying? He looked like a good dad. He looked like an parent. But, You know, did he hold his baby like this out? Well, well that and because he was always arguing with people on the internet about that baby, he just looked like a very passionate parent. I feel like that's a tension. It's like, let me argue him like, like yeah, I, I'm not buying it, not certify. I'm never buying it. Also, he's short and I don't know short kings, but listen, like, I don't know, it's just nothing about them made me be like, oh that's cute.

(26m 3s):
But I wasn't caught up in that me. But now that things aren't working out for them, I don't know. Like when I saw her, the picture of the chip tooth thing and also I saw like she had posted a picture with her with Brent Ez or whatever his name is on vacation, I think, was it this past weekend or It was something Some weekend, yeah. And DDG got mad or whatever 'cause he wanted to see the baby, but she had took the baby to St. Lucia and with her new boo, I guess. No, it's a, she went with her sister. She went with her filter.

(26m 44s):
What ended up happening, he assumed, no it wasn't even that. It wasn't even, he just popped off because, but he popped off because that's entered the receipts are saying, she's like, look, this is how he is. Okay. This is what, well I don't, I just don't like them out like posting their business, like having fights on the internet, like showing text messages. I hate when like celebrities do that because like the people are gonna say older and they're gonna see all of this. You know what I mean? I really hate that part of that part about it.

(27m 25s):
And it just seems so childish too. 'cause like we supposed to be adults and then it's like we seeing y'all bicker. I don't know, I just don't, I just don't like it when it goes public and we can see the like ins and outs of the relationship. But I really do hope that, You know, they figure it out. Like, I hope she's safe, the baby's safe. I hope he can continue to somehow be in the child's life. Like I hope they work it out, You know what I mean? I just don't like the childish parts of it. But my next question is, is Hailey wrong for wanting full custody or is she protecting her peace and her child? Let's be real. If you don't trust your ex, do you owe them 50 50 in parenting?

(28m 7s):
Should a mom have the right to decide where the child lives, even if the dad wants to be more involved? And how much say should the non-custodial parent really have? Hmm. That's a complex question. I feel like for a man, if, if we separate, don't come over here trying to do all the stuff that you ain't never did before. If you ain't never took the baby outta town before, don't wait until we separate try to take the baby outta town. If you ain't never kept him by yourself overnight, don't wait until we separate the, I can get him on weekends. I'm his daddy. You ain't never kept this baby by like, never ever in your life. Like Yeah.

(28m 47s):
Back on feet. Same. You know, I just think that you like keep that same energy. Oh, keep that same energy, but also look, think it with another, like maybe they grow up like the relationship didn't work out. He wasn't the best father, but maybe something happens, he's more financially stable or has a new wife or something. Now he can be the better father. Baby steps. Yeah. Baby steps. Don't take my baby outta town, I'll punch you in the throat. Don't do it. And I see what you're saying, especially if this is not your norm. Like why, why put this child in? Because children become like, they become the, the pawn in this tug of war. Yeah.

(29m 27s):
They're right in the middle and they're like, well I'm gonna hurt you wife or lady because I know you're closer to this child, so I'm gonna try to take this away from you. Yeah. Because I wanna hurt you. You know, it can, it can get like that to get real messy and, and only the child gets hurt at the end of the day. Always gets like that. And everybody always says, I would never do that and I would never talk bad about them and I would never do this and I would never do that. And more often than not, that's exactly what they do. Yeah, that's exactly what they do. So no, leave my baby home. Yeah. That's my book. Well, I don't know, I, that is such a hard situation.

(30m 8s):
I can't imagine like decorate in or whatever and then having to share my kids like share that time. It's tough. So I don't know. That part makes me really sad. Like thinking about it just makes me like, ugh. It does, it's tough. You know, and, and again this is going back to divorce. I just wanna throw this in there. There's parenting plans where you literally have to plan out everything. Who's paying for this? Who has this time? Who gets this holiday? Who alternates this? Who's picking up from school? Who's dropping off from school, who's allowed with, and like the holidays splitting the so much.

(30m 49s):
And you, you basically essentially having, You know, lawyers say, Hey, I don't know y'all, but this is, this is the, this is the blueprint so we gonna stick this here, stick this here. This is, You know, this is how you do 50 50. It's always something. And then you end up looking up and you can't even, it's hard to even keep up with that. 'cause it's not, it's not realistic. Yeah. You know, like I'm dealing with, my kids are older now and they're in college. Well, You know, one's in college, they're all over the place. So technically I don't have to say, guess what, go see your dad. They can go on their own or not. You know, it's like, You know, it's just, it's at this, at a point where it's like you have other people dictating, You know, your time with these children.

(31m 32s):
So, and at the end of the day, the children are the ones that that feel the brunt of it. It's tough. Yeah. Again, to me he looked like he was an all right daddy. So he could have fooled me girl. I don't know what them people got going on. Yeah, I don't either. I don't know. But it seems like the way she's going about keeping the child might not be right. Like she's literally keeping him from seeing his baby and that seems like what he's mostly upset about, even in the arguments that we're seeing, You know, like he might not be handling it the right way, but it seems like it's what we're seeing anyway is stemming from her not allowing him to see his son. So, and that's because he was allegedly abusive towards her.

(32m 18s):
I guess what I'm, yeah, I mean I guess I get it. I mean I get that. Yeah. You know, You know, I get it. I get it, but I don't like it, but I get it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, damn, I hope they figure it out. Would you let your child travel with someone you don't trust? Hailey said no to DDG taking Halo out of la. Is that being overprotective or just smart? Again, we don't know what's going on. It has to be something for her to be like, I don't feel comfortable. You know, it's something, yeah. I feel like mama be knowing, mamas be knowing and I feel like, yeah, like if she wouldn't say that unless it was, there was an issue.

(33m 5s):
There is an issue and low key every time he's has the baby on. And I, again, I don't know these people and I don't follow Indi this this at all, but like every time he has the baby on this stream, remember his life is very much on stream. So he's like, Hey, here's my baby, here's my baby. And the streams are just rolling, rolling and rolling, rolling. Like, You know, the, the more followers, the more whatever, however you make your money off of streaming. But it's just like, here's my baby here, guys here world. See my child. I mean we gotta think of security. We gotta think of other people that are looking at your child and recognizing this baby.

(33m 47s):
That's another layer too. Yeah. I don't know of security too much for me in my little life child. I don't know how to handle that. A, I don't know why they putting us in a group chat. 'cause we don't know what to do. We don't know what to tell y'all. We, this is a lot. Okay. I don't, I don't know. It's depressing me. It's unfortunate. Let's wish them well. It's unfortunate. I wish you would. Yeah, exactly. All right, let's move on from that. 'cause let's just, let's move on. Okay. I mean, let's doing something I don't like. Yeah, I don't like it. All right. Have men become the new baddies? Let's be real. Some of these men are wearing crop tops, getting facials and giving bath and honestly they're doing it better than us.

(34m 31s):
Ooh. So we gotta ask, have men officially become the new baddies. So we're gonna explore how traditional gender roles have flipped and whether men are stepping into the spotlight with more vanity SaaS and emotional drama than ever before. So I'm gonna give y'all some scenarios. A man gets flown out by a woman and he posts that he post the food but not her. Is that giving city girl energy? How do we know? First of all, I don't really see guys posting the food. Do they like, is that a, what's the city girl? They do. They be posting the bottles. You know what I'm saying?

(35m 12s):
I think they be posted. They be posted like at the airport in the lounge. You know, they got they way of, okay. Okay. I was gonna say, I don't think there's anything wrong with getting flu out. Ain't nothing wrong. Even if you a man ain't nothing wrong getting flu out if she got it and she, but You know, that was more so like a woman was, I was trying to like the roles are changing now. The men are getting flown out. So like, you don't think that like changes the whole energy of like, You know, men versus women and like how things go. Not for a real man. I'm a woman. If she getting money then she just getting money.

(35m 53s):
But if you still, if you still a man, it's just, you'll make up for it in other ways. It's just, you just got flu out. It's just a gift. It's like a gift. It's like giving the man a gift. You know what I mean? It's not, I don't see the problem. I bet you Andre wish I fly his ass out. I bet you he wish you, I call him be like I I flu. I think we're old school like yeah baby, I think I'm a kid. Old school in the way. What, can you come see me? Can you come meet me? And no, I, I don't know if I could do that. I don't know. You know.

(36m 34s):
Sad. I don't think I could do it. I don't think there's a, I'm not going to do it. I'm not gonna do it. But I don't think, I feel like there are a lot of things that are happening now that make men come off a little sassy. I don't think that's one of them. I think we've got bigger fish to fry. That's true. That's true. That's of it. It's because they wanna get food out these things. They getting the nails flourished. Yeah, that's the gateway sash. You know, they get the dangling scar ring. The dangling cross earring. Get away from me. Ashley get away. They carry real, they getting real. You know what I'm saying? They get the nail polish, they get the, they get the cross fighting.

(37m 16s):
The man pursers, the purse. What else is the starter kit? It used to be like the skinny jeans, but that's not really in any, now it's podcast microphone and trash talking women on it. That part. That part. Yeah. I'm a part of the sassy brigade and I know they get on the end they like to say, oh y'all always call him men sassy. I'm a part of the problem 'cause I'm calling people and it's sassy. I think some of those things are sassy. Like I don't wanna see my man doing. I don't, I don't like the nail polish y'all. Y'all like nail polish. I don't like it. I can't do nail polish.

(37m 56s):
Hey. And they be doing, they be going all out with the designs on, You know, I mean at first it was like okay and a little clear. Okay, we go get and that, see yeah for me if we, we man, I'm like, no, no, no. You better B it out. Don't you put a damn thing on those cuticles. You better bust that shit out. We're gonna walk away. Next thing You know they got a whole full set. Like I just can't. Okay, they under not a fool instead. Yeah, they under like, yeah, I don't know. I can't do it. I don't, I don't. I like me a man who's obviously still, but hypothetically speaking, I'm saying like I need a man that's a man like Manly.

(38m 42s):
You know, like he can't be in the mirror longer than me. You know what I'm saying? Like he need to be waiting on me to get ready. Like you can't have a 10 care, 10 step routine skincare routine. Like that's too much. Like get you some soap and water and let's hit. Yeah, let's go. Yeah, no, it's very traditional over here. And I did not think that I was like a super tra I didn't think that I believed in gender roles specifically. Or maybe I didn't until I got married. I don't know, it just works better for me. I'm just attracted to that. Anything that's not that, like I'll be attracted to a full, You know, for a short amount of time. I've had unmanly, I've had, I think I dated, I've had him with like a little sack and it lasted Did you ever play gay boy?

(39m 27s):
No, but I dated someone who like if later on somebody said, oh You know so and so gay. I'd be like, I can see that. You know what I mean? I think, I think that date they boy before in college, no way. It's true that some things change as we get older. But if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms.

(40m 12s):
MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms. Not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com. Very pretty. It was very pretty. We never had sex. Oh well bitch that I you, but see for me, I have only sex with like on one hand.

(40m 59s):
So for me it looks like okay, we not having sex, whatever. You know what I'm saying? Like, but then I realized we're not like whatever. First of all, if you're not trying to sleep with me, you can't possibly give a crap about me. But that's my brokenness. Don't pay attention to that. Don't pay attention to my brokenness. Like he very pretty boy and yeah, I don't know. Looking back, I'm pretty sure he, he's good back out. Old school though. We're super old school and I don't want us, we're not gonna speak for the masses, but we definitely want someone to court us to be that that burly masculine, You know, like yeah, You know we, it's the gender rolls.

(41m 39s):
Going back to what Porsche said, I agree with that. Like you want X, Y, and Z and expect X, Y, and Z from your me. You know, like the content creators now. Like I don't want, I couldn't date somebody who's like doing the get ready with me. And it's like you see them putting on the lotion and like, I don't know, bossing people. Like, I dunno. It's just, I don't like that. I don't like it like selfies. Like I don't why you posting selfies? I don't like that. Why? Why you out? Imagine your man just carrying around a, a tripod. If I link up Publix and Andre pulled out a tripod and set that bitch up and it your I'd be like, boy, if you don't get your right, it's just certain things that just don't find masculine.

(42m 22s):
Like don't take no selfies, don't post your outfit. Don't do that. Don't do that. I don't like that. Do you, do you think some stuff is going like the internet? Like we're kind of taking it a little bit too far. I actually saw a post where this man was like, you not a real man if you drive a coop. And I was like, oh my god, men can't enjoy anything. It's like it's getting to the booth where they're like shaming man for like just enjoying their life, You know what I mean? Like smart. And I get it. 'cause again, I'm a part of the sassy brigade. Like I will call you sassy in a minute, but it is getting, okay, the mistake is the coop, a Ferrari is the co is a coop to the point where like, I feeling like dang they lowkey can't really enjoy nothing 'cause nothing as nothing.

(43m 9s):
Me specifically, I think at the end of the day you like what you like, You know what I'm saying? But, and a man is a man, but I just do think some men are a little more feminine than others. And I, and I feel like now it's just a little, it's trending, You know, it's like these trends with the nails and the earrings and the man bags and all cutey things that some men are into these days. It's trending. It's trending. Hopefully the manly man trend comes back soon. That's what the trend does. I don't care. I got me a cave man and I ain't let go. Yeah. I can't Hey sassy outside.

(43m 51s):
Sassy outside they argument. Do I think that men are more emotionally expressive now or just more dramatic? It's a fine, but I think, I think they're getting more comfortable with speaking up, which I appreciate because we are saying men speak up, have emotions, have feelings, cry, let it out. But now it's turning into, You know, it's like it's turning into like coming out very much. It could be aggressive, it could be sassy, it could be sassy, it could be all of the, all of the, because we, we say that to them because we want them to communicate, but we keep forgetting that they're just not great communicators to begin with.

(44m 37s):
So however it's gonna come out, it's just gonna come out. Yeah. However they come out, men just, they don't communicate to me. They don't communicate as effectively as women do. Not always in complete thoughts, just complete emotion. Passion. I feel like many would say that about women though. I think men would be like, women are just emotionally dramatic and just act. We are emotionally dramatic. But we also know how to tell your ass what we are emotionally feeling. I'm emotional, but I'm gonna tell you exactly why. I'm gonna tell you what's going on with me. It's gonna come out emotional, but you gonna know what's wrong with me by the time I'm, we leave here, you gonna overstand And men, I just think are, they're just not great communicators.

(45m 23s):
I haven't met many who, who were honestly. Yeah. Well damn. I mean I, I'm, I'm meeting some I see. But they're older. They're older and they've been through since the internet. I mean 'cause I ain't around a lot of men like that. But on the internet, internet on the people's internet, the men be the main ones in the comments like, well you Think you all that but you ain't. And it's like, damn, why do you even care? Because like I don't feel he ain't gonna call nobody, hey, loud, loud and wrong and tell a lady what they think about her. But it's a lot of men who feel comfortable going on to people's internets and talking about women and a lot of like derogatory things.

(46m 10s):
And it's just crazy to me. No babe, they're meanest names. Yeah, they are. And then it's about stuff like, why do you even care? Like a lot of, I didn't expect all the men's to be chiming in on the Humble Baddies the way they've been doing. And I appreciate y'all for chiming in, but I just wasn't expecting y'all to go so hard sometimes. You know what I mean? The way that they were chiming in on how I should spend my mother's day as if they've ever pushed anything. Yeah. Outta a cat is crazy. I was like, oh, be very opinionated and only the men having a problem with it. But it's always like that, right?

(46m 52s):
I be in them comments, I be seeing them coming through. I be like, Ugh, go home, Roger. What are you doing over here? Yeah, the mens have a lot to say, You know? And You know it comes with it, You know, opening yourself up on the internet. But damn the men are very opinionated and I feel like the internet has given them the freedom to, I don't know, say whatever. Like, I don't know. I just can't imagine them talking like that in person. Like did y'all on the radio? I don't know. Nobody does. Girl. They see you in person and probably try to hit on you ask for pictures on weird shit. Do women secretly love a pretty boy or do we want a man's spin?

(47m 33s):
I want him fine. I want him attractive. Yeah, that a pretty boy tried the pretty boy thing a long time ago. And like I said, I think he ended up being for the other team. So I got me a man's man. But that's true. I think. I think the one that I had that was kind of, he was, yeah, but I thought, but it's trending. Cardi B is with a pretty boy now Stefan digs. To me that's a pretty boy because he, why we've jumped. Why pretty? I don't know anything. No, because he's very, you just don't think he's pretty, is that what you're saying? No, I do. I think he's attractive.

(48m 13s):
I don't think he's a pretty boy. Yeah, I think he's a pretty boy because he's very fashionable. He's very into the way he looks like you can tell like that is a top priority for him. Like his hair is always perfection, outfit perfection. He has, You know, he's always at like fashion, but like also like taking the pictures and like, it's very, it's, he cares about the way he looks. He's a pretty boy. Like he's, he's into fashion. I look at his just, that's a hobby and very much like how, You know, head to toe. Like your hair is manicured you. He's into fashion, into style, into expressing him himself.

(48m 53s):
Don't, I think like other things, it's very much pretty boy things. So that's why I have a category him into the pretty boy category. Just looking at him, I would, I don't know anything about him, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't say that. I don't know, I think I have a sassier version of Pretty Boy in my Brain. I think that, yeah, well I don't know. Well yeah, he gives Pretty Boy to me, you don't gotta be, you don't have to have like, you don't gotta be walking around like that to be pretty. No, not like, we definitely pretty boy. So who is y'all? Who would y'all say is a pretty boy? What is y'all version like? Celebrity.

(49m 34s):
So we can all know who you talking about. I mean who the celebrity. I don't even, I don't even know celebrity. I know plenty of content creators that I definitely wouldn't name. I know lots of people I can name, but I'm not going to celebrity who's a pretty boy. No. Too young. A pretty boys. So Stefan d boy, are we entering where men are the prize? Definitely not. I'm sorry, but I'm kidding. I'm not kidding.

(50m 16s):
I think they're seeing it more, but I think they, men should se feel that they're the prize too. Just like women should, I feel like it's goes both ways. You know? Come search out and win this prize and vice versa, the best man, best woman wins. Right? But to say you're the prize, to me that's corny. Like yes. Especially, You know, like I'm the prize, You know, like, no, like, you are gonna have to come court me and, and put me up on this pedestal, meaning like a guy and then you need to work your way up to be here with me. No, I don't think so. That's, that's not, that's not given what we need. Right? Yeah. I I don't think that, I don't know.

(50m 57s):
Well, I hope people ain't out here saying that out loud. 'cause that's weird. But I do think men are like changing the way they see themselves in the dating game. Like I feel like men are saying like, no, I, there's so many women out here and there's only a little bit of, You know, men that are worth it. So my value is this and y'all gotta, You know, meet my standards. Like, I feel like their attitude towards dating has changed into the mindset of we're the prize. You know what I mean? So I, You know, and I don't think there's necessarily something wrong with that.

(51m 39s):
It's just that it's different now. And that's just like the state of dating in these times right now. You know? I feel like, I don't know. But it's also just how you think too. 'cause I'm als always gonna tell like my single friends, like, don't worry about them saying like, there's only a little bit of men and there's so many women. Like, that's not for you to worry about. Like, that's not your battle. Like your person is your person regardless. I agree. So I mean, I get, I get that outlook that men have taken of like, You know, well I'm a valuable man, like I'm educated, I have a good job, blah, blah, blah, blah. I may run in the list or whatever. I get that like, that is something to be proud of and to, You know, hold yourself up, You know, high on.

(52m 25s):
But I do think it's, I do think there is this like, underlying thing of like, the men are the prize now. I feel like that's what we're saying is because right now we're witnessing I think for like the first time ever, mainly because of social media is this massive war between men and women on the internet. It's happening minute by minute. Everybody's arguing about 50 50. Everybody's arguing about what you bring to the table and what you bring to the table and why should I be with you? And I'm a high value man. Yeah. And I'm a high, like it's is enough.

(53m 5s):
And I feel like that's why we're getting so much like everybody's beating on that Tito, bye-bye. Sorry, my son is creeping up in here. He's going be in here. I think that's why we're getting a whole lot of, You know, men kind of beating on their chest and talking about what they deserve is because, You know, it's, we're at war. It looks like we're at war on the internet, men and women all day acting like they need each other. Acting like, You know what I mean? Like, I just feel like that's just, is that like a millennial thing? I don't know what the hell we going through. I really don't. I don't know. It is different. It is different. It's scary out there. But you Right, I can see that. I can see that. I feel like that's why they, why they keep saying that?

(53m 46s):
Why? It's this constant discussion about how there's just more good men out there. Like not more, but like the dating pool is small, right? Like if you want a good man, it's just these people right here and they are on the internet screaming at you about it. Right. You know what I mean? Like, so Yeah. But again, that's, people are impressionable. So to your point, everyone's like, oh, is that how she be thinking? All right. Exactly. Because You know, on hand now they all lie. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Now everybody's a high value man. Ugh. I hate when people say that. I, that that's one of my, its too, like when they and says I'm high valued, I'm like, and then they start with money.

(54m 31s):
It's like, that's not even what they're talking about. First of all, it's not about, it's not even about that. What are you even talking about right now? Exactly. Well, like I said, I hope You know, the rise of the manly man comes back society. Are you beating manly men, Alex? I am. Just that. I am. And that's what I'm attracted to as a matter of fact. Yeah. That's what I'm attracted to. I'm, I'm, again, I'm old school. I also, I'm a high valued woman, You know what I mean? I know that's right. Like, yeah. Yeah. So, and, and I know what I bring to the table, You know, so I'm, I'm attracting these men that one can step up to the fact that I'm just, it's, it's becomes non-transactional.

(55m 18s):
So it's very, I'm attracting men that have to be honest, that have to show up, that have to be consistent and have to be that man. You know, like, because it's, it's a lot going on over here. I'm not in a rush to be married. I've been there, done that. I'm not in a rush to have kids. I have four. They have the very active father. So like you, what I'm bringing to the table is like what you see is what you get. And it, it also filters out the ones who are weak. You know, you can't lie to me. You shouldn't lie to me. Why do you need to lie to me? You know, you have to be ready for this. I'm a lie of woman and I bring a lot to the table. So, You know, that's what I'm attracting.

(56m 1s):
I I it's like, what on over here? It's, You know, it, it has to be the right kind of man to be like, not be intimidated by Right. That I'm done and, or let's just say my ex-husband, like, You know, the men that are approached me are very much like, okay, all right, I see what's up. All right, let me look. This is a challenge. Let me, let me step my game up because You know, this is you, you something else, Lex. And yes I am. Amen. I'm trying to be with you all today. Whatcha all what you say? Whatcha drinking? What you eating? You gotta quit Lex bitch. I'm on a cleanse. The line is clear. The full moon. You know, we just, we, we, we here.

(56m 43s):
Oh, I gonna say I'm, but I'm that girl and what you mean? Yeah. Yeah. You know this the weak ones. The weak ones will filter themselves out every time. Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush cent back, and it's exactly how you remember it.

(57m 26s):
Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself.

(58m 7s):
Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.