
Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen Often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Lowe's helps Refresh your garden in time for Mother's Day. Right now get five bags of one and a half cubic foot Scott's Naturescapes Mulch for just $10. Plus. Select one and a half gallon annuals hanging baskets make the perfect gift now two for only $15. The best Garden starts with great deals. Lowe's, we help you save. Ballad through five seven Selection varies by location while supplies last discount. Taking the time of purchase


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities. Enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls Offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hello, it is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, You know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's up? What's up? What's this? Hey, what's up? What's going on? I miss my humble daddy. I happy Wednesday. Happy a k hump day. Okay. Ashley with the pig tails. Looking like a little 12-year-old girl. I was having a bad hair day, so this is my go-to. You know what I mean? We wouldn't know. We wouldn't know. We wouldn't know. That's so cute. That's that good hair that's saying Indian. That Indian coming out girl. Oh my gosh. We're back with another episode of the Humble Baddies podcast.


I'm your girl. Ashley Nicole. I'm Alexis Meyer. And I'm Sherelle Rosado. And we are the, the Humble Daddy. What's up y'all? What's going on? Was everybody's weekend Sherell you back? I'm back finally. And I have been on Go mode. Working, working, working. I had a major opportunity with a brand Monday, so we were out. So missed that, but we're back a little, still a little jet lag, but I'm, I'm feeling good.


Good. That's the stuff. That's the stuff. What you got going on Lex? I have been nonstop. Also, my son, my oldest son, Amari, just had his last high school game. He played basketball, finished that season and then just finished volleyball. They lost in the playoffs. So it's kind of bittersweet because it's like low key, all of these practices over all these years. To see him finally coming to the end of his high school career, it's just kind of bittersweet. 'cause it's like, You know, him being the second I'm like, I, I used to just sit there and just take him from city to city, gym to gym practice to practice.


And now it's just like all comes down to this, You know? And it's low key shifting because it's like, as a senior, he doesn't know where he wants to go to school yet. He's been getting some offers. And so it's just like kind of bittersweet as to like, okay, what's next? Because low key after now, like starting now, he is, he's kind of like low key on his own. This is when they start, You know, at this age to kind of like start their path of he has to get himself up for practices and take his self to practices and show up and work out. So it's just kind of like 18 years, You know, here we are, You know, just, just kind of, I'm sitting in, I'm sitting in it, You know what I mean?


So that was one. Then I drove up to support Asada in a basketball tournament in St. Leo, Florida. So shout out to St. Leo University. It's my first time ever. It's a little outside of Tampa. Just went there to see her for a couple of days and they ended up winning. Okay. So that was a little vibe. And then lastly came back and went straight to Mary j Blige. And lemme tell you something. Oh, I went to the one in Tampa. I mean, really in Miami? Miami? Well, yeah, she was here and she just, she just wrapped her 40 city tour in Miami. And so it was just like incredible to see her.


She is looking good. She sounds amazing. And I was with a good group of ladies. I would say happy on this one though. I was, I was, no, because she didn't do none of, none of the old school, old school hits. What she did. Like, she did little snippets and like, well the clips I saw, she was just holding the mic up. Like, I wasn't happy with this one. This when I went to the one at the, at the Heart Rock, it was like a, a couple months ago when she came to the Heart Rock. Mm. And I just, I wonder if it was a different show. I, I'm hoping because Neo Open Up.


No Uhuh. Okay. So it probably was a different show. Yeah. It, I mean it was just a long excessive show. But he wasn't there at all. It was just good. I just enjoyed her music was I was not satisfied with the one that I went to. Aw. Well I was, did she do, I enjoyed when she kicked, of course, in the Boots, You know. Yeah. Know she gonna do the boot then she Yeah, the boots. She was wearing them boots. And did you see all, all the Miami girls come out, the old, the aunties come out with the boots. Yeah. Everyone had they boots on. They, they vibes. You know, everyone, that's what I love about a concert. We gonna show up and show out by the way. You know, it is just never a dull moment. And it's the opportunity for us to like, You know, recreate our energy and our vibes of when we first heard that music.


'cause like, that's what music does to me. It's therapeutic. It just brings this energy out. So the fact that I could like sing some of these songs with her and I was just like, oh, I remember that time when, or it made me feel like this win. So it just felt, it felt good, You know, just to, I like, I don't know, some of these concerts, they just bring out that vibration and just a different energy. So it, it was good to see the people, the people came out to Miami. So shout out to all the aunties and UNCs, big UNCs that came through, You know, it was a goodbye. It. Lucky to a stepping. Yeah. They were in them booth. Well, in speaking of concert, our first topic I wanna talk about is Miss Beyonc. She kicked off her Cowboy Carter tour.


Her first show was in LA and I was glued. When I say glued, I was flipping back and forth from people's lives. Like, okay, let me watch they live. Oh, she got better seats. Let me switch to her live. Okay. You been watching? I was looking at the outfits because I'm trying to come ready when we go to Paris. Yes. People got the fence, people got the, the dance moves going on, the choreography, all the words. Are y'all a part beehive movement? Are y'all real beehives? I'm not a real beehive, but I support Well wait, what's, what's what? I don't mean to cut you off real. What, what is a, what's the real beehive?


I wanna know her like a beehive consistently goes to Beyonc concerts. All her concerts. Yes. Every time. Okay. You're not gonna miss a concert. So every album, every concert, every tour. Every tour. Okay. Yeah. Like it's a big deal. Like we wait for this. Like we're in line waiting to buy our tickets, You know, like, okay. You know, like we know the words to the songs. I don't know. I don't know. We don't allow any trash talk. Okay. I love it. Keep going, keep going. And we're preparing our outfits like once ahead of time. You know, like true. Be, I feel what people are gonna think that I am a true bee. Hi this come June, because baby, the outfit is gonna be put together.


Okay. Okay. I'm gonna liping, I'm gonna be drunk and sell check. Like I know the words and don't know you participating. Okay. I saw that matters because Yeah, as long as you fake it till you make it boo. Because when I say I'm gonna have a time at this concert, I like, yeah. Yeah. I love going to see her perform. She to me is like, I would say the Michael Jackson of our time. Like, I mean as far as women go, yeah, I don't, yes. Like another woman. I would say that's put does it for you. Better show like overall, like she's given visual, she's given us outfits, she's entertaining, You know, like yes, it's worth what we go through to get these damn tickets.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. She's working hard. She has the fits and fits on. Fits on fits. Shout out, shout out to Shaa, her stylist, who I'm sure works countless hours with these designers, getting these outfits together and the dancers. Yeah. It's just amazing to see the production, her voices. I thi I, You know, I think I'm a beehive. I have been to multiple concerts and, but not the most recent one. So why didn't go to that one? I'm looking forward to it. You said what? Why, why didn't you go to this last one? Because I did not purchase the album. Lo Low Key did not really, he didn't like it.


He didn't like the album. I didn't even really honestly give it a chance. I was okay, I'm okay with the movement. I just love her in general. So it was just like, let me vibe to the, the music that was out. I know a lot of people didn't resonate. It was that vibe with her most recent albums that she put out. Like I know a lot of, even like beehives, I felt like at first were kind of like, what is this? You know, it took a minute. The switch over to country, I'm okay with it. It just wasn't my wave right now. And I can't, I can't really say that I have an opinion on the album just because I did not give it a whole chance. But I love the aesthetics. I love the vibes, I love everything about it. I love the fact that, You know, we're seeing the glow up of blue, You know, sis Yeah.


Our niece is vibing and, and grinding and vibing and, and thriving and just everything, all of the above. And they brought out baby roomie, the little one. So it's just beautiful to see, just like it's still family oriented. Very much. She's set on really leading her legacy, leaving her legacy, leaving her mark. And I'm like, what's next for Beyonc? Because this is like, she just keeps setting the bar. So as someone who just loves entertainment in general, I'm definitely down to support her speaking. You know, speaking of Blue Ivy, let's talk about her glow up from being shy to now killing it. Like Ashley said, I was also watching different clips and it's just like she went from zero to a hundred.


You can tell people criticize her so much during her first stage performance with her mom. They were basically clowning her. And instead of her quitting and shutting down and like, You know, I can't do this, You know, with the public coming after me, it just made her go even harder as a child. And she is killing it. Baby Blue was on the stage Pop locking and dropping it with confidence. Like she was the choreographer. Right. The child. That was her show. That was her show. It was her show. She was up there. And I it y see she was doing like the same choreography, like some old choreography that Beyonc had done in the past. And they like put it like side by side.


Can you a true bee. We ain't pay attention to all that. That from like a previous like performance that Beyonc did was the exact same choreography and Blue killed it. Like it was made for her. Like I was just watching. That's what I love about Beyonc. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what I love about it. I was very proud of her. I was like, I like, I just love to see it. Like, she went in, she was like, I'm not gonna let people stalk me talking crap about me. 'cause y'all see people was imitating, recreating videos, just making so much fun of her. And I felt bad. I felt sad for her. 'cause I'm like, she's a, a young girl, like she's just not getting into it.


But baby. Yeah. And I love that Beyonc and Jay-Z as parents decided, I'm sure like it was a conversation they had with Blue Ivy or whatever, You know, to push her to not let that stuff get to her. You know, like I think that speaks volumes of like the kind of parents that Beyonc and Jay-Z probably are. Yeah, for sure. They're both, I mean the top of the top of their craft. And this comes, they, I, and I'm sure they've instilled in her, this comes with the territory one, she's a public figure two. Right. But the way you can just tell in her essence, the way that she carries herself, she's humble, she's very grounded.


And You know, I'm looking forward to seeing more. And I just love that the fact that Beyonc instead of like, You know, it's like, take your daughter to Workday. But it's like, tour with me, get a check, You know, write all this off, have this experience, this hand-on craftsmanship. It's production, it's dance, it's choreography, whatever your lane is, baby. I got you. You know, the, the fits. And she just really gets to see who her mother is and they get to spend this time together. So it's just beautiful to see I'm down for it. Yeah. And she's also creating generational wealth. 100% to be able to bring on, You know, her child. And, and it seems like Blue is really putting the dedication and she loves it.


It's, it doesn't look like Beyonc is fortunate upon Blue. And You know, with Taaka work like that choreography is not easy. Yes. Okay. And You know, Beyonc wasn't gonna let her get on that stage unless it was Right. Okay. And so, You know, it's a lot of work. Blue been putting in some work, right? Yeah. I, her mother, she was sharp with the moves baby Sharp. She ain't miss a beat. Okay. Kudos to Blue. She had there doing her thing. It's definitely legacy. It's just, and we're seeing it, it's beautiful to see just the transition and just seeing all of this coming together. We get to see it in real time. And it's like, it's trickling down now. You know, she brought her first daughter, now she's bringing it on her second daughter.


It's, it's so cute. The way she looked at her mama was just, she so hard waving at the fans was so beautiful. Oh yeah. So, and she hit it. She and she hit her her mark too. You see, she tried to get her choreography down too. Oh, she gonna be next to Cute. I love it. Yeah. Love it for her little boots. Shout out, shout out to Beyonc for continuing to shine for the black women and showing, creating generational wealth, showing that it can be done. Your, your child doesn't have to exactly do what you do by, like, Beyonc is a great singer dancer, but she found something in blue and her child and she's bringing it out of her.


So shout out to our booby up, say she is the humble Betty. And just really just bringing it back to like black excellence, like you said in the cowboy, just bringing a lot of like the, the Negro chitlin circuit that she's highlighting. Yeah. The fact that, You know, it's the essence of what it means to be a black woman, American woman, Texas, cowboy chic, all these things. So shout out to her for real. I love that. Love it, love it, love it. Yeah. All right, let's get into it. The next topic I what baby? They better stop playing with our, our boys. Shado Sanders.


Yeah. Nephew Shado. So he single handedly raised the ratings for the NFL draft because everybody was waiting to see where he was gonna go. I don't watch the damn, I've never watched it. And I was watching the draft girl, me too. And I, every night after the first round, I, I, You know, I'm like, okay, it's, You know, boring. But baby, why y'all playing with all, why y'all playing in all those rounds? I've never watched the past, the first day ever, ever, ever. So what do y'all think that he, he got his position slid down because of who he is, who his father is?


Or was it purely on him just being overconfident? Like, what do you, what do y'all, what did y'all take on the reasoning that he didn't go the first round, like everybody thought he would. I feel like the owners were trying to prove a point. They're not used to saying a young black male come before, before the draft, before the draft and say, You know, his, his statement, and I don't wanna quote it wrong, but basically he was saying, don't pick me if you don't want this, this, and this. His statement was very powerful and I feel like the owners didn't like that.


And it was, it was allegedly said that the owners don't want him because of, of the statements that he made. Mm. Well I feel like he 100% is very vocal, just like how Sharelle said, and very much it's also a trickle effect of we all know who his father is. We have Dion Sanders who came to a division one university who re like, just revamped this whole program coming from A-H-B-C-U, by the way of highlighting these players, making them a top contender. Also elevating ratings, which we all know equals money.


To the point where he was coaching these boys, your Travis hunters, who ended up being number two, et cetera. And there's other, other players that he had drafted. But the fact that he has really changed the game as well as the good old boy dynasties of not seeing us in these positions as well as now he has raised, like, we have witnessed him raise his sons and his daughter to be very conscious, confident. And that is something, I mean, I look at it now in little, little league ball and we've seen these over the years where the parents that are involved that are coaching are the ones where they're pushing their, their, their children the most and playing them the most.


These things like that. But with this, we saw, we have seen it happen. And this is like the full circle moment. So I think it's the trickle from the dad being very much, it's prime. He's prime time. You know what I mean? He had a song, one of the best of the best. He had the vibes come on now and, and played baseball too. So like he was, he was doing all of this. Plus he's instilling that. He also knows how the league is ran. He also knows the mentality of what it it means to be a black man in a white league that's ran by, owned by, he also knows the understand. He understands brand management. So all these layers that he's instilled in his child, I'm not mad at.


It is very intimidating to these these owners that they can't contain it. But at the end of the day, this is a young man who is also professional. Hmm. So he's gonna show up and show out. And I think the NFL needs this energy. They need this, this vibration. They need this generational energy of like, I am a business person, I'm also a brand, but I'm also gonna show up and do my job. So cannot wait to see young if for me, you wouldn't be where you at. That's, yeah, we were watching, I'm so we're loving to see this. Why would the NFLI mean, I understand those things that you're saying, but I mean, to me it just makes more sense to, can y'all hear me okay?


Yeah. It makes more sense to have a player who is confident. Like isn't he a quarterback? Yeah. So when you want, I want his jersey. Wouldn't you want somebody who's more confident? Wouldn't you want somebody who was raised by an NFL player because he knows the game and he's teaching him like the things to do what not to do. Like to me it makes more sense to invest in a player like that. I wouldn't wanna invest, but confidence to them leads to problems. You never heard any shahir having any problems off the field. Exactly. So that's why I don't really understand it. Like I don't under, it's, I don't understand why you wouldn't want a player like him.


You, he's confident, he's well-spoken, he's a leader, he's respectful. He knows the game. He's been raised by the game. He talks about the most high. Okay. He's been raised by the game. He's a leader. Okay. Yeah. Also, I'm not understanding, like why would, I mean, I'm sure it's something like there's a reason and I'm sure it's messed up, You know what I mean? But logically, and if it's about money at the end of the day and it's about winning at the end of the day, why would you not wanna choose a player like him? And I Think you still sell tickets too, right? And we're gonna, and that's the thing too. Yeah. It's about money.


And so, and You know, now everybody's saying like, there he's gonna, You know, show out and do the best. So, You know, it's, I feel like it's gonna work out for him either way, but logically it's very, I just don't understand it. 'cause I, I, that would be the pick player that I picked.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rug sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse print for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity,


Click fast and save big shop our blinds.com. Spring Cyber Monday sale, happening right now. And elevate your space with brand new custom window treatments today. blinds.com is the number one online retailer for custom window treatments, offering you professional support and styles that fit any budget from classic shutters and bamboo shades, even motorized shades for your outdoor space. blinds.com has something for everyone with honest upfront pricing and no hidden fees, DIY or let us handle everything from measure to install. blinds.com makes it easy. With free virtual consultations, our design experts will help guide you from start to finish with free samples sent directly to you so you can try before you buy. Plus every order includes our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com Spring Cyber Monday sale going on right now. Save up to 45% with minimum purchase. Plus get a free professional measure up to 45% off@blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need 'em and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squat. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


I don't think it's about money. I think it's, it was them trying to prove a point. Yeah. With the Sanders, I feel like money is not a issue on their end. And You know, the owners, they have, they do have money from the players. I feel like the owner, they were trying to prove a point who this young cocky dude think he is. I'm a prove a point. And it, it trickled down probably, You know, history from his dad, You know, his dad is not a run over. He's gonna speak his mind. He don't sugarcoat anything. And it, it was, I feel my opinion, it was more of a personal issue than, than money. I agree with that.


And also I just read that he has sold his jersey on his, on his website, right? Yeah. It's crazy right now. So I can't wait. I I need to go and get me one. What he sell his jersey on his website. His jersey sales, his jersey sales. Oh, okay. Okay. I'm smart. I'm mad at it. See, he's smart. I mean, this is the quarterback that I would want. Like if, if I'm about winning and all that, then yeah, that's what I'm thinking. But my question is, my question is, is there a deeper, deeper issue with seeing young black men walk in full confidence? Why do everyone have to see?


Because I've seen a lot of thi, a lot of people on Twitter come in and oh, that's what he get. He just cocky, he being cocky like his daddy, blah, blah blah, blah, blah. A bunch of bull crap. Why do, we're also not watching them on the draft. We're also not tuning into a University of Colorado game. We're also not rooting for him. You know, this, this is a deeper rooted issue. It definitely has to do with color. It also has to go back to historical and biblical times of, we don't even take it back to, I mean, US history of slavery. So let's talk, let's talk about that for a second. So it goes off of that whole mentality of let me break him down, but let me, let me take away this essence, this natural essence of this king energy that I have.


And it, and low key, the draft, they hold the power to put you in this league. You know what I mean? But You know what I love? So that was their last little bit of power. But You know what I loved about it? The fact that they thought that they were gonna affect something by, You know, not drafting him first. You know, first, second round, third round, he still kept his composure. He's still celebrated. And that's being raised correctly by his parents. Exactly. 100%. And You know, his number, his number, he was 144. So that means a, a huge significance in the Bible anyway. It has to do with the 144,000 that are chosen. And many are, many are called, but only a few are chosen.


So just stand on it nephew. You know, I'm here to see it. I'm gonna support and I'm not a Cleveland Browns fan, so I will, I am now, You know, until they play my chiefs. So until then, You know, how about this prank call that the one of the Atlanta Falcons coach's son made pretending that he was, You know, making a call to, You know, draft shado. What do y'all think about that? Disrespectful. Very. Yeah, so apparently his son wasn't the one who actually made the call. It was his friend. But You know, the son apparently they were both in on it.


Yeah. The son was able to have access to the phone number access from the, from his dad. Right. And the NFL did find the father and the Falcons organization as they should. But that money, that money should be going to Shado actually. Right? Because he's the one that emotionally was harmed by this. Right. Second. The NFL has enough. So go on, slide that on over. Yeah. Do y'all think that was enough punishment? I feel like Devon should have been a little bit more, I mean a lot more make it hurt. Yeah. Because you have to set it, set an example. Y'all trying to set it, set an, set an example to humble players who are very confident and know their worth. You need to set an example for, for these people, these children out here playing on people's phones.


Your child, your child going through your paperwork. So that lets You know that there was a list of everyone's phone numbers that people have access to that they were able. And this is the day you, you do receive a call and usually it's through a agent, but because he didn't hire one, it was his personal phone number. So all of the, You know, coordinators had this access to this list. So it goes to show you that, You know, it's, it's a way that you should not be having your work at home. And You know, what I didn't like was the fact that this, this young, this young boy filmed himself and not only filmed himself, he put it out there for clouts for likes.


Yeah. You know, and, and You know, it's just so that's disrespectful. So he should be reprimanded too. I know it's, You know, the father was fine. X amount of dollars. I feel like the father had this young boy, he's 21 or so. I feel by the way, feel like the father had something to do with it. That's just my opinion. I mean, we don't know. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. And since we are talking about father and son, we looking at a whole nother example of how you raising your kids. Okay. And Shado wasn't the only one to be pranked, by the way. He was one of a few, obviously his was the one that was out there the most. But it's just sad when these, but that same boy called more players. I don't know if the specific boy did.


Oh, but he wasn't the only one. I did see that earlier today that he wasn't the only one. But obviously, again, going off of the facts of Shado brand and Star Power, that's who we're talking about. That's who was like, talked about on the, You know, on the shows and everything like that today. So it's just unfortunate. And they shouldn't even be able to have it's disrespectful, confidential information like this is Yeah, there numbers, they're prophecy and for, for the kids to easily have access to that. Yeah. Now I just, now the owners need to be, instead of trying to worry about humbling people, they need to worry about teaching trainings to the coaches and the, the, the head coaches and and their staff on how to properly confidentiality information.


Right. Keep work at work. Yeah, I agree. That was very messy. Very unprofessional. Yeah. It was disrespectful. Yeah, it's disrespectful on all levels. I mean think about this every night, this is what you dreamed about as a young boy, 18, 19, 20, 21, whatever years old you've been waiting on this night to get that phone call to find, to wear that suit, to have your family and friends around everyone who's been going back and forth to these practices, spending money, investing in time in you for this one day where you get this phone call and this little that that that young man ruined it for him.


You know, it's unfortunate, it's sad and it's disrespectful. I don't like it. Yeah, I didn't either. It made me feel some kind of way as a mother. I agree. I agree. I wonder, I wonder what they would've did if it was back then and somebody prank called Tom Brady. Yeah. I dont know. But I do wanna say that I think Shado is gonna come out on top at the end of the day. And I can't wait for him to show everybody. Like, I'm gonna be like, You know, see I can't, but I just love watching the draft. I love watching the parents like, I just love watching their reaction and like the moms and I love seeing like the girlfriends and how they're acting.


Like I really just be looking at everybody. It's like the show like, wait, wait, y'all know what live rent free in my head. I try, I Think you about, I think I know what you about to say. 'cause they can't get outta mine either. Let me hear the, the meme of Russell Wilson's act when that face Great. That was funny. That face, there was a couple that that she made when he got drafted and now they used the meme when she thought she hit the jet. But yeah, it was, it was a, it was her. It was another one. Remember the girlfriend was sitting on the player's lap and the mom yanked her up off the lap.


That's funny too. That was a funny one. I think year the only me they made was one of them had like a little baby, like a son and the baby threw at the, when he got drafted. So they were like, I don't know. Or maybe he didn't like seeing, You know what I love looking at during the draft that people really don't speak on, don't players be dressed ly. They do speak on it. They do speak on it. Girl who put that together? Not everyone. Now you got some of them country ones that don't know like babies, all of them be country and we looking straight country. Yes. Be looking like somebody passed up. This is their time to shine y'all for the national stage.


Yes. They're showing up and showing how. Get the hell no, actually not everyone be wearing the Steam Harvey soup now. But did you see the number one pick cam ward from Miami was Inver. They were clowning him because he wasn't, they said oh you in a Banana Republic off the rack because he was just in a nice base suit. Kind a new dress. Yeah. And very much just, he was like, look, I'm here for business for one reason only. I'm gonna go get my hug from the commissioner, get my hat, get my jersey with my name on there, be the number one pick and let me go to work. So he was focused. So it's whatever your vibe is. I mean this is the stage. If you not gonna show out when it, what else you gonna show out?


You gotta show. I mean they got they birth, they got they checks. I mean it's a little different now with the nails. I'm just looking lot. But they got the checks. We ESPN it's an event y'all. This is, this is the Met for the NFL so like let, they wanna show up. That's, You know, that's what we call it. The Met for the NFL. But some of 'em be having them Steve Harvey suits on though. Oh. Whatever they need to. And they, they showed out. I love to see the runway. Let me see the runway. Tell us, tell us y'all gotta make love of y'all stuff is fitted to the T fitted. I ain't gonna lie. The diamonds dancing, You know. Yes. Yeah. I love to see it. It's a celebration.


I mean one, one, my, my sons get drafted. I'm gonna be right there just suited and ready for them. You know. Let's go, let's go. Yeah. Well what's your name dressed in no country ass three piece? No what Ashley, what? What did feel well where he got dressed drafted because You know he from Columbus, Georgia. Baby they be wearing, I need some country shit. Child. I ain't even gonna lie. He was still, he was still wearing country shit when he was in the league. And You know they had to dress up to go to the, I used to look at his suit. Wife baby please, please. You know, You know Columbus used to wear the tees, the lone tees that stuck to your knees. Yeah. You know, boots them things was not cute. They was very, I lied, very cute.


Amari got drafted and he had all that fabric. That's back in the day when them suits. We used to go like the jackets would be all the way down to Yes. You know, the aside, them big, them big suits, all the fabric pin stripes, You know everything. So help em Lord help. It's the same thing. It's the same thing across all the leagues. Help em. Lord. That is funny. Well we got, if somebody gotta teach 'em, who's the best dressed right now in the NFL? Mm. I don't know. I'm be paying attention. It's something out there. But I can't think of their names. I feel like they all set their game up though.


Everyone has vibe. I feel like when we was in the league, they was just getting like, 'cause they had to be in suits when Phil was still playing. Like they didn't play that shit. They be wearing now they wearing all kind of shit. Now, when Phil was in the league, they was supposed to have one, like a nice suit, like a well fitted and they would have little suit guys come or whatever. But now I see they be showing up with they little purses, they little mercy. Yeah. And all kinds of stuff. Oh, You know who I do like, I, I don't know what his name is, but the one who dresses in like his African, I think he's, he's he's dating Cash dog right now. I like him too. Oh, I like, I like that too too. Yes. Yes. That's one I do like his, I love that.


I do like I love that. Yeah. That's the good one that, okay. It's very authentic. But when they keep showing up with their messes and fur, lemme tell you I love it all kind of stuff. I'm like, that is a lot. Buy that for your, I love to see. But but they're, they're in runway. Back like years ago, they never would make, the designers would not make the sizes for the, these players. You know, they have different measurements whether they're tall, they're wide. Yes. They, so now designer smaller and the guys are doing it. And that's who, who, who makes step? Stefan Dicks be stepping now. Yes he do. But that's what I'm saying. The new N nfl, they're smaller.


He's, he's good fashion for I like him. They're more critique like they can fit clothes. Like NFL players back in the day were bigger. They fun fit that shit. I can't fit in the pants. You gotta get 'em custom made. They still, it's just a runway now. Everyone's about their brands. Everyone's about like, You know, stepping up and then buying the brands. They are very much. But back in the day, the designer, it wasn't allowed. They had to wear suits and like, that's it. It was a suit. Now they've given them the freedom to step out and didn't do their own thing. Which is cute. I like it. I like the, I like the African attire. That's my favorite. Yeah. Cash dog Boo dress.


And I forgot his name. Yeah. Dresser. That's how me and I I found that Got Boo is hilarious. Yeah, they weren't Ghana. I saw them out and they were so cute. That was like early on when they were dating. Like earlier. But do I like that? I like him dressing in his cultural attire. That is sexy. Seeing, seeing like the Africans, when they wear their their cul, that jacket is sexy. I like that. We know you do. I'm dealing with Ashley.


Don't start that today. Don't start it tonight now. Still drink it. Where, where is your drink at? I got some water. I'm gonna drink for you tonight. Alright, let's get into it y'all. So we, we added a new segment from our last one, the batty business segment. Each, each time we're on, we're gonna talk, bring in a, some business advice. And I know for this one a lot of people there, there has been a lot of talk about tariff, the real co tariff trouble and the real cost of doing business.


I know people heard of the word tariff thrown around in the news or seeing your vendor raise prices because of import costs. But what does that actually mean? And it's okay because some people don't know what it means. They just hear it, they hear it on the news and they pass by, especially these young entrepreneurs. So today we're gonna break it down and we're gonna teach you how you can basically maneuver around it, try to maneuver around it. So what is a tariff? The definition, A tariff is basically a tax the government puts on goods coming into the country.


Think of it as a price tag added to imported products. You order, here's an example, when you order some lashes from China, China, that product, the product might have a tariff slapped on it before it even hits your inventory. Tariffs are usually meant to protect domestic industries, but sometimes they back backfire and just make stuff just more expensive. Right, right. This is definitely gonna backfire. It's okay. Real calm. I mean it's gonna make Go ahead. Okay, go ahead. Lick it's gonna, it's gonna, I'm saddened by it actually. Just because people just really just don't know what's getting ready to happen.


The fact that, You know, lashes, like let's just say even wholesale, the fact that you're gonna be spending 140 whatever, 130% on top of it, not only is it gonna affect the consumers, like, You know, those who can't do lashes that want to get them done, the prices will go up. It's also going to change how the vendors or You know, the ones who are actually applying X, Y, and Z on us or the lashes, it's gonna affect them too. Because now we're gonna be like, Hmm, are the lashes lashes worth it or am I just gonna go down the street and do my own? Right. You know, or it's gonna change that industry.


So I look at it like this, You know, I understand what the administration is trying to do by American, keep it in America X, Y, and Z. But even if you look at something like a car, even if it's like, let's just say Ford that is known to be built here and it's an American car, there's still technology, the computer, the certain parts that that come from overseas. Exactly. So with that being said, that particular part is still gonna make the prices go up. And let's not talk about repairs. The repairs, for example, every, even the shipping, the shipping containers have slowed down.


So that has trickled into the employees working. The shipyards, the container companies, the, You know, distribution companies have now laid off employees. So now not only do you not have enough workers because there's nothing coming over, you're also now dealing with the fact that you can't afford anything. I mean eggs, for example, are still high basic things. And so if you can't gimme some chicken, if you don't have a job, yeah. It's like if you don't have a job, if you don't have income, what can you purchase? And then if you can't afford what you, the basic necessities, it's gonna be very hard out here. And I'm gonna say, I hate to say this, but we're looking at another recession on the way we're looking at hard times and then we're looking at people that need to eat and they're gonna try to survive to do this.


I mean it's a trickle effect. And we have, this is just April and we have not seen the results of this. This just was implemented a couple weeks ago and I just purchased a foreign vehicle, thank God that I did right before the terrace kicked in because low key, they have inventory now, but next year they won't. Apple iPhones, the little things we take for granted, all these things will now be increased in prices. And so it's like the workers are gonna be laid off. There will be no money, there's no, there's no trickling in. And again, I appreciate America, I love it here in that kind of way.


But we depend on other countries for other things. Same with building, even tourism, same with building everything. Everything. I wanna know everything What the Trump supporters, everything. Everything. Now. Like this is who y'all voted for. Like y'all, why y'all complaining now? You know what I mean? Like, y'all didn't read the policies that he was planning to implement. 'cause this isn't something that he just brought up, like this is, there was a whole clan, people weren't educated and day one he started implementing these plans and we just, y'all over here like choking. So I'm just wondering, You know, how y'all feel about you now about your president? Well, not only that is deporting, it's everything.


It's just everything. Changing maps, history, all these, it's just a lot taken away, You know, monuments and, and museums and just a lot of, it's a lot of energy going on right now and You know, it's about educating yourself 100%. Like these tariffs are gonna affect us. Little things we took for granted are definitely gonna affect us and it's definitely about affect me. Y'all know I'm in development worlds. Yeah. Industry. So I'm, I'm worried about that because a lot of, I do a lot of government contracting and we just received our final award. So with government contracting, you have to set a price and it gets approved your final price.


So now it's like, okay, everything's higher now. Everything is never changed. So it's, it's playing back on our field what, You know, what the business can't pro profit from. So it's just, it, it's affecting a lot of things. But let's, let's, let's continue on with this. Small business owners have to raise their prices to survive. But customers don't always understand why their $20 tee is now 28. $28 struggles competing with big brands. Big brands can combine buck or shift production fast. Small businesses not so easy. Tariff can widen the gap.


You had a re reliable ven vendor overseas. A sudden tariff might force you to scramble for a new supplier or delay your drops. What you can do. So here's some humble batty survival tips while we're going through this crazy time right now. Resource smarter, look for suppliers in tar free regions or even locally. You can also negotiate with vendors. Sometimes they'll share the cost or burden bundle products. Get creative with pricing to make things feel more valuable. Tell your story, educate your audience about what's going on. They'll be more willing to support you through the shift.


Our final batty takeaway tariff might be out of your control, but how you pivot, that's all you. So whether you're shipping from Ghana or grabbing lace from the Philippines, know your numbers, protect your margins and keep that business false energy high. Okay, good sips. Good sips. I like those. Alright, thank you for that.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores not for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any per sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill ladies. I got It. I got it. No, I got it. No, I Got it. Seriously, I insist I Insisted first. First don't be silly. Oh, don't be silly You don't. Silly don't Be silly. Don't people with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay, rock paper, scissors for it. Rock Paper, scissors. Shoot. No, The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need 'em and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squat. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Lemme tell y'all I sent out a tweet tweet today. Oh no, you didn't let you didn't let me not on Twitter. You didn't. I need the log on Twitter to see what you Yeah. Do I do. I need it. You didn't let me approve this. So my question was, and I'm gonna ask y'all, I'm nervous. Do y'all get like a warm sensation when y'all drinking alcohol? It's not every alcohol. Like for me, like tingly. What do you mean warm sensation? A warm sensation that like, yeah, but it's only when I drink vodka. What? Okay, you talking about, tell me what you mean.


Warm soda. Soda. Like a coffee is what you Yes, I, I mean, yeah, it does only vodka for you. Oh no, I really wine do it for me. I feel like when I drink vodka, I think it's all of the above. For me it is just different energy. Like if I, if I'm on tequila, it's a different, it's a different lex, You know what I mean? You know, you gonna get a, y'all know my dances, you gonna get that If it's vodka, it is definitely more a, I haven't drinking vodka nadier. I've been on like tequila a lot.


I don't think tequila make the pea pop. The tequila make me party. Like I don't wanna Yeah, tequila make me turn up. She make me wanna Because it's agave. It is sugar. Exactly. Vodka. I think vodka don't make it pop either. Vodka makes me, I don't know. It's the Tito's vodka. Like I was on the Tito's and Tito's. I, You know what I'm, I'm trying to have some flashbacks, bro. And I Think you might be onto something. It's, I think it, I think the vodka might actually take me there more than the tequila does. It does. I'm telling y'all it's that Tito, I don't know what they put in that Tito's vodka, but that it's American.


So it won't have a tariff by the way. The label and the bottle might, but I be on the mushroom American, the sh make pop sh the shroom, the chocolates. I ate these chocolate. Which kind, which kind of like, is it, there's certain ones, right? I don't know what the name of the brand is, but it's a certain one. Right. Really makes it pop and Yeah, it it, it's Ask Phil what real, what real. And I love it because it's not like overly too much. It's just like she lets You know she's in the room, You know, she let You know she's in the room.


She's, she has, she has entered the building, entered the building. Like, oh hey girl. She be talking. Yeah. She'd be like, Hey, I'm here. You know what I'm saying? Okay. I like that because it's like, not like I'll stick to that and then I feel good. Like it gives me energy. So y'all gotta try, try that. You know, ain't no hangovers in balls, You know, I am hydrated. It's the shrimp and I a mushroom. You know what I'm saying? Like, I love it. Yeah. Because it's like a, it's a micro dose as she said. She be talking, she be talking, she'd be like, Hey girl, don't forget about me. It's like aic. Yeah. And go get, yeah, yeah.


I dunno. But it, it's something about that alcohol, something about it just, it just do something like, it just, yeah, like it put a microwave down there or something. I think in general, yeah, like liquor, make the microwave it loose, loosening you up, You know what I'm saying? The goose make you loose A microwave. A microwave, yeah. In the pan. Not a stove, not a heater. Instant, You know, microwave and heat up real fast soon as you drink it. What kind of Cheetos you got? Huh? What kind of Cheetos you want or what kind of vodka you drink?


Again, I didn't, I I'm telling y'all I didn't realize that, You know, I was just, I was on the plane and, You know, the flight attendant, what do you want to drink? And normally I don't drink, but I was like, lemme get Titos and cranberry juice. And I put a splash of cranberry juice in there and I took a sip and I was like, You know, that's, that's the altitude. That's not the altitude. That's been a, that's been, You know, sky high. Well, listen, I gotta try that, but I think but I Think you onto something though. I I have a, I feel like after I have a couple cosmos Yeah, the, the vodka kind of, we be hot down there.


Gets, gets me started. It's not a hot down there. It's, there's other things that can be hot down there. It's not the vodka, it is just definitely the tingling, the warming sensation of your body. You know? Yes. You, you getting activated for sure. Yeah. It's a activation. It's a activation. They need to label it. They need to put a, a caution. It does activate. And they have an arrow going down. No, no. They need to sell, they need to sell Tito's in the sex store. They selling other stuff. The honey packs.


What is the honey pack? It's like the, I personally RiNo, but that's what I hear. Wait, is it a c of honey? It's its a different kind of honey. It's, it helps, it, it, it helps with l Long, long time. Fun. Do a girl take it or do a man take it? I've heard it's for the men, but I don't know why. Everything for, I need to ask one of my friends that I need to ask one of my friends a female. If she's second before she, that's all they got for us is vodka. I don't know. I don't know if it's just, I don't know if it's strictly for men. Somebody needs to let us know in the chat. You know, let us know. Not let us know. Is the honey pot for us or not the honey pack.


Oh, honey. But I've seen, I've seen it like as they, the, the jokes like put the honey pack with the drink. The all mixed mix it up. They not put me with, they making a whole concoction, upper downer lefty. Righty. Mm. I I I'm still getting messages about the pop rocks. What? The people still loving the pop rocks. Oh, they're saying, thank you for that tip. Let me put that on my list. One, one lady messaged me, she was like, girl, it was my, my husband's birthday and I just want to thank you. I tried the pot rocks. She said she messed up and put the whole pack in her mouth.


Oh, that man thing was just popping. It's, and she almost, but he enjoyed it, so she had to spit some of 'em out. But she said she had to learn because she didn't realize they was popping in the back of her throat. I said, you can't, so I replied. So I said, you can't put the whole pack in your mouth. You gotta put a little portion. There ain't no directions on them. No, because, no, because they're not for this. That's right. That's a different usage. That is not what it's for. Okay. No, they have pop rocks specifically for that. At, go ahead. At the tech shop. No, I ain't never, I didn't know they had 'em for, but they pop rocks.


Can we take the adult field trip? I, yeah, because I had, you had told me to go, I need to, I need to say something. Yeah. So did you, did you try the pop rocks? Actually, I did try the Pop rocks. Did feel like did, was it, did you have a good experience with the pop rocks? It wasn't a bad experience, but it was a lot for me. Did you put too many? It was very distracting. You know what's too many? You, because some people put the whole, because the, it's candy. So some people put the whole pack. I put in nothing. I put it It was a good amount. Yeah, it was a lot. You can't though, you can't though, because you got two different objects. You have many objects in your mouth, and then you got the main object in your mouth and you just can't What?


I'm gonna call you after this and we'll, I'll let You know. Well, it's not for us. It's, it's for them. It's for others. S on us. No, they gonna be pumping all up in your ute. Oh, what they got for us? They get everything. They have ice lube. No, we don't need lubes. That's it. I'm just, I don't know. I'm trying to think of what they have for us. Besides what else? Toys. What else is there? No, we have, for us, there's ice and the tongue.


That's, and there's different types of lubes and different types of, you don't need edibles. No, we lube don't need that. I'm not, I'm saying, but they have sensation. Yeah. You're the lube. Remember that? Yes, I am. I'm just saying they have some that give you little cooling sensation. Oh, okay. Yeah. They have the cooling and the warming and the, I thank you. Tito. Give the warm, no, the Tito's give the shock. Okay. We gonna pop. We don't, we need, we locked y'all. We need to, we need to have, my anniversary is coming up, so I'm gonna go to the store and see what they got out.


New. I wanna go. We take a trip. Let's take a trip. All right. Let's go. I, I ain't got nobody to use it on, but I can still take a trip. I like, I like going to see what's going on in, in the, the section. I may, I may pack it in my next trip. Oh, okay. Okay. Y'all are miss, let's get into this home of batty. Spell please, and thank you. Before we get into it, y'all, let's ask our fans if there are some tricks that You know, you can recommend for Ashley. Her anniversary is coming up. Tricks, or I'm sure Phil is in the chat.


So ladies give, give our brother some suggestions on what he should, You know, do for Ashley for, for their anniversary. Yeah. And also give, go too D DM Ashley, and tell her what she can do for, You know, for the anniversary to spice it up a little bit. Yeah. You know, I like that. Y'all let me know. Also, stand in what doesn't work either, so we can avoid that. Yeah. Make sure instructions are involved. That was exactly, exactly mixed up. Because I told y'all about the pop rocks and I didn't tell y'all give you instructions. We didn't say, just put a couple, not the full trick. Yeah. Like you makes the difference.


Like what's the, we need the timing. We need to know everything. Yeah. All right. Y'all ready for the humble bat? Email please. All right, I got it. It says from anonymous. Hey, humble, batty. Can you give advice to your fan, to your fans on what you did to glow up for yourself? I know everything starts with N but it would be awesome to hear how each of you started your glow up journey. Thank you. Oh, okay. Glow up journey. Ooh. Hmm. Well, I mean, want me to get started? Yeah, go ahead. I can say something.


I feel like everyone has their moment of just like, low key when their moment is of glowing up. I mean, it could be a trigger, it could be something that happens. It could be a breakup, it could be whatever the case may be. I know that with me, it definitely started post-divorce in my healing journey of like really trying to find the essence of who Alexis is. Going back to my spark, going black back to like out of disappointment of failure and, and all these things. And really, and like really getting my confidence back. So I wanted to tap into the essence of who Alexis is and what am I gonna do now, You know? So it helped me, like, I know that one thing that really, really resonated with me was establishing boundaries.


Also taking people, not having people, like in my, my space that I have created of tranquility, of peace. That took time and healing. And also saying no, no has been so beneficial to me with my mental health, with my time, with my, just my aura. And really just like all of that. I had put myself first. I made sure I was the first priority. And then my kids, because if I'm not healthy here and here, You know, then everything is gonna fall apart. And I, and I felt that, You know what I mean? If I'm, if I can't, if something happens to me, all this is going down because this is who, who I am.


So I look at it like I had to prioritize Alexis say no, and set boundaries. And that is how my glow up has been. You know, it's drinking water, it's health, it's doing things that I like to do. It is traveling, it's spending time with friends, it's eating out. It's all these things that make me who I am. It's going to school, it's following my passions. It is really just listening to my heart and really just putting myself first. So that's how my glow up came. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love it. I feel like I had a glow up after I had fox. I had a glow. I had to figure out how to, I didn't do it on purpose, but I got like this supernatural like strength.


Like I just wanted to do everything. And for me it was bodybuilding. Like I know I wanted to be back in shape and get my body back or whatever, but I was like, that's not enough. Like I need to do the extreme. Okay, I need to be a body. I need must You did that by the way. Yeah. So for me, I think like that challenged me and pushed me and I had something to focus on. And it wasn't so much about like, You know, getting my body back. It was more so like, I'm not about to challenge myself. Like I am a mom, but I'm so much more than that. Like I can still do this, I can do that. I can do whatever I wanna do. And right now I wanna body build. And I know I got like, so much like flack from it, but Can you ask that?


Explain to hear it? Oh, I was like, no, I don't hear that. Oh my god. Anyways, back. Those pictures came up, by the way, in my phone from the memories it was around this time. Girl, I need to go back and look at 'em. 'cause the bitch is outta shape. Okay, look, I need baby need. Run that glow up. I'll never forget that You had that baby stroller right there, baby. I sure did. And, and one, how about 30? I was like, yeah. So, You know, it was more about like, just like you said, Alexis, like just really being selfish and kind of like worried about myself. And for me, I needed to focus on myself.


And you have to focus to body build that. It takes a lot of dedication. Yes. Very much discipline. So that for me was like how I got back into, You know, my glow up. I think that was the beginning of it for me. Yeah. My glow up was medically retired from the military. Hmm. And starting my own business, You know, I had a lot of doubter people who doubted me and You know, said that you're crazy for leaving the military after 12 and a half years. And why is that? Why is that? You're not supposed to leave after 12 and a half? I'm just need to, most people, most people do the, You know, they become dependent on the military because it's a steady, steady income.


You know, it's, yeah. It's just, okay. It's safe. And, and leaving at 12 and a half years is very much premature in people's eyes. Yeah. Because they're scared. They don't know what else, what else is out there. Out there? Okay. Thank you. That, and I didn't know either, but I took, You know, I took the chance on myself and I knew there was more, You know, my thought process. If I know what I'm making within in my future, 10, five years from now, 10 years from now, I know what my paycheck is gonna be. That's not enough for me. Mm. So I like to, You know, strive. I like to go far further in life when it comes to that. So I was like, You know, this is not for me.


And yeah, it's time to give it up. So I see, I stepped out on faith and opened up my own business with one check. And it just, it just went up from there. Like, who would've ever thought after medically retiring from the military, two months later I opened up a business and I'm on national tv. Right. Yeah. Just like that. You just have, have to see more for yourself and know, like, you can have it, like whatever you want, you can attain it like it's possible. I think that's the beginning. Like your mindset just has to shift. And you really just have to focus on like what you see for yourself.


What do you want your life to look like? You know? And then just start, go forward making actions. Don't just talk about it. Be about it. I feel the, yeah, it, the common denominator is definitely that switch going off of like what it is for me. Like I feel like we've all said that same thing, right? It was something for me to do. And then that catapulted because we get consumed with, You know, as mothers, as as significant others. We put so much into everyone else. Yeah. And forget about ourselves. So like to, to answer, You know, the Humble Baddies mail, it's really about tapping into your essence of who you are. Exactly.


Your worth, your value. What do you wanna leave your mark, your legacy of why you're here. 'cause You know, life is short. So we only have one time at this. So it's definitely about self and being healthy for self, doing what you like to do, right? Showing up for those that show up for you, You know, all these things. And really just at the end of the day, showing up for yourself because you only one, you the only one you got. And don't be afraid to step out on faith. Like take That's right. Take, take that leap. You know, there's no guide or that says that you're gonna make it all the way correct and that you're not gonna fail.


You're gonna fail. Get back up and keep going. Don't be afraid to step out on faith and do it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I love it. Yep. Thank you for babies that Humble Baddies. Mel, we appreciate you guys writing to us. If you guys need any advice or You know, just wanna talk, tell us something, please write us at Humble Baddies. Wait, what is it? Humble. What is it? It's Humble Baddies. Contact at Humble Baddies do com. My bad. I had a brain fart. It's okay. It happens. All right, Charlie, we appreciate you. Them Pop rocks thing got up in their brain. Yeah.


Lock and drop it. Lock and drop it a a. But again, we appreciate you guys for tuning in to another episode of the Humble Baddies podcast. We will be back next week. Please write us your questions, your comments. I'm Ashley Nicole. You can find me on Instagram and all the others at Ash three Nicole. Sure. I'm Alexis Alexis Meyer. And you can find me at Alexis sta on Instagram only. And I am Sharelle Rosado. You can find me at Sharelle rosado. But make sure before you follow us, you hit that subscribe button.


Yes. Please. Please subscribe. Tell your family, tell your neighbors, tell your baby daddy. Tell your secret lover to make sure they all subscribe because we are always talking about something juicy. Current events. And you may learn a little something, something to spice up your love life. So make sure you follow us. Subscribe to us. Until next time, we love y'all. Thank y'all for tuning in.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant? Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they pped up and are bringing the original cool rush cent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's and a purse sprint. And it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity,


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. 20 more minutes to kill in the pharmacy before my prescription is ready. Maybe I'll grab some deeply discounted out of season Halloween candy. Hmm. I never had a chocolate pumpkin with raisins before. Those were raisins. Right? Next time, use Amazon Pharmacy. We deliver. And no, those were not raisins. Amazon Pharmacy Healthcare just got less painful.


Asking the right questions can greatly impact your future, especially when it comes to your finances. So if you're looking for a financial advisor, you can trust Certified financial planner Professionals are committed to acting in your best interest. That's why it's gotta be a CFP. Find your CFP professional at Let's make a plan.org.