
This is an iHeart podcast. Show me how good it can get today, God, and show the rest of the world what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer, and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Rees. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast. From iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful?


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways and which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser Incorporated.


I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Over the years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned No Town is too small for murder. I'm Katherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I was calling about the murder of my husband. The murderer is still out there. Each week I investigate a new case. If there's a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, now it's time to get into it. Ashley, you wanna lead it? The heel men or hidden red flag men or hidden red flags? The rise of the therapy Talking narcissist. Ew. If you put, every man knows his attachment style, set the boundaries and uses words like emotional labor and triggered on the surface it sounds like growth, but look a little deeper. And some of them are using healing language, language as manipulation tools. I'm not toxic, I'm just self-aware has become the new Gaslight anthem. It's no longer the aggressive red flag we have.


We have to watch out for it. It's a softly spoken Ted talk performing men with no accountability but perfect vocabulary. Hmm. I can't stand them. They all over Instagram too. Oh. So what's the difference between a man who's actually healing and one who's just rehearsing? I think it's the ones that are really showing it in real life. The ones that are really saying and being accountable. Like, look, this didn't work for me before, but this is working for me now. And really showing it. You know what I mean? Like you still have that energy of like, You know, heaviness or resentment and you, it's still coming out in your dialogue.


We can see that. Like we're we, we can see that you're not in a hill space if you're speaking on manifesting, if you're speaking on therapy, if you're speaking on change behavior, if you're speaking on right. Journaling, if you're speaking on just all these improvements that, that sits better with us. You know what I mean? I feel like that gives us a sense of peace. And you, you are what you attract, you reflect what you, you attract as well. So like, I just look at it like, like this, if you are in a space and you still are being ultra masculine and very much like entitled and I run this way, then you're gonna, you're gonna reflect and, and really absorb that energy and it's a turnoff and it's only very, it's very much temporary until the lady or whoever your partner is, is gonna fill you out and realize that this ain't worth it.


Right. You know, because you don't know what they're dealing with too. You don't know what their growth is and their boundaries because You know, then it is gonna be a lot of people that are, You know, men in general that are just gonna be left lonely and just gonna always be constantly going through a cycle of women and constantly being used and using others. That's not a healed space. Yes. The pattern, You know, the rehearse guy, they gonna talk a good game. They gonna talk the talk, they gonna tell you what you want to hear, but their actions are not gonna change. They're going to continue. They're gonna go from relationship to relationship. They're gonna gaslight you. They're gonna, they're gonna love bomb you. They're gonna say whatever, give you the world the first six, three to six months.


Oh. You know, oh, he the man and them actions. Don't baby that mask don't come off. Then you gonna be in the same cycle as Keisha Shawanda and Tamika. Right. The person, but the person that is here, they gonna take full accountability and you're gonna see changes within them. Yeah. And, and it shows, it shows in their patterns, their behaviors and, and, and really in service, acts of service, acts of kindness, all these things, you'll see the difference. Yeah. And that's what you want, you ultimately wanna attract, especially what you prayed your way out of. You wanna attract that better.


You wanna attract bountiful, you wanna attract abundance, You know, but it just, it just sucks because, You know, and this go for men and women, I, you get too grown. Like at some point you should not just talk the talk, you should not want to continue to repeat the same cycle, like men. Right. Is it enough, I feel like, for you to do stuff, reflection, like men that pray on women in this way though, I feel like they use like the terminology and they use, like, they're just good talkers. They know what to say and women fall for it. Like they really fall for this talk. And I feel like as long as women fall for it, they're gonna keep doing it.


You know what I mean? Like, they're even just looking on Instagram and You know, the influx of men in podcasts, You know, and them talking about women and their issues and stuff. It's like they have so much to say and they say it like they have it all figured out. And a lot of them have a lot of big, like female following because it sounds good to them. I don't know. It resonates with them. It's like they feel seen or something, but I feel like they're preying on those women and, and women are falling for it. And I'm just like, what y'all, how are y'all falling for this? How are y'all falling for this? Don't y'all see the repeated cycle of this person Yeah.


Outside of the podcast. Yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy. So have you ever been emotionally finessed by a conscious man? No. No. Yeah, I have. Well, I'm sure we both have Ashley Bella us about it. We have Sharelle y'all that the same person as No, no. Just, I've been definitely fi finesse by a conscious. Exactly. You know, man, he was woke, but he really was. Yeah. And then once, once I leaned into my own understanding and my power, You know what I mean?


It wasn't tainted by the blindness of whatever. I was like, yeah, You know what? Fraud alert. Fraud alert. But you not, you not acting keep telling you, you believing he was kasha then you were being, You know, just changed behavior. Like thinking that, You know, he's changed or thinking that he is this woke person and knowledgeable. And then once I really sat and watched and listened, your actions were not aligning with what you're, what you were presenting. You know, you'll be very holy one day and then you're very deceitful the next. Like, that doesn't add up to me. And when you are, You know, conscious and when you are aw woke and when you are aligned, You know what I mean?


Like, it's about, You know, your fellow people. It's about how you treat others. It's how you walk. Like you talk it, like it has to all align. And then when you are also spiritually connected, and when you are know who you are, then you're gonna start to filter out all the bullshit. You know what I mean? Right. We don't have time for that. And yeah, like it becomes deceitful. It becomes like a cloak and it works for some people, the ones who are naive and the unwoke. But it won't work for the ones that are conscious. Yeah. No, not for me. Okay. So how do we protect ourselves from spiritual manipulation and relationship?


For me, my biggest thing was, You know, after I got outta my last relationship, I did self-reflecting on my own self. And You know, I prayed, I fast and I asked God to open up my ears, my eyes, my heart and my mind, and protect me from what's not meant for me. Change what I attract. Yeah. Like, I want something, I want, I want something different. I'm getting older, break whatever cycle it is that, that I have within me and, and break it and change it. I want to attract something that, that is loving, that is pure, that wants me for me. So those were were things that I asked for.


I asked for self-reflection. I didn't blame it on anyone. I, You know, I forgave and I moved on and I did self-reflection within myself and asked God to give me a clear thought process when I started dating again. Yeah. I love that. It, for me, it was like, I agree with you Sharelle. It was, it was very similar to me. It was really just like, let me take the time for myself. Like now, because I'm a nurturing and giving person, especially when I'm in a relationship, I commit to them wholly and I almost forget who I am. Sometimes I can get caught up in like catering and nurturing and feeding and just, You know, engulfing my energy into this person.


And I have realized now, like you Sharelle like I'm praying for that person that sees me and that is there to like really match my energy. And I'm saying match meaning like understand who I am and, and I understand who they are. And we both can be at peace separately, but at peace together we are both have this joy, we both have this, like these goals separately and together. I feel like it's just extremely important for that, for us to be in that space. You know, I don't wanna change. I don't want anyone change me. I don't wanna change anybody, You know, I just really just wanna be in a space of understanding who they are.


And so I just think that we, we, when you get to a certain space, like, You know, if heartbreak and heart, like, You know, abundance, you could start to really understand exactly what you want to attract. And it does come a space when you do have to go through un unfortunately heartbreak to understand what You know, your, what you expect and what you want. 'cause you also now know what you don't want. You know that. Well, who wants to go through that over and over again. And the thing about it, it takes, you have to self-reflect because you can continue to con to to repeat the same cycle with the same type of men over and over.


And You know, until you're able to have self-reflection and want change, nothing's gonna happen until you want change within yourself. So thank God we can, we can see, we can see clear now. I could see clearly now did praise God, praise God. Let me do it. Mm. All right. Y'all wanna move on? Segment three. Yes. Which is friendship and expiration dates, loyalty, guilt, and letting go. Outgrowing friends is one of the most silent heartbreaks women face.


You love them, but you no longer relate. You've evolved, but they're still gossiping, draining, or low key competing. And because we fear being labeled fake, we stay in friendships that feel more like emotional obligations. But here's the thing, loyalty without alignment turns into resentment. And not everyone from your past deserves access to your presence. So ladies, I wanna ask this. Have you ever stayed friends with someone because you didn't know how to leave? Yeah. I'm not the type of person though that like cuts people off. Like, I'm not that girl.


Like, I'm not like a, I just, I just don't move like that. You know what I mean? But I do think I've stayed friends with people that, You know, our friendship should have ended a long time ago, but I kind of let things just play out on their own. You know what I mean? I feel like the way I moved once, You know, I realized that their place in my life is no longer, You know, appropriate. I just kind of, You know, I'm moving that way. Like I'm still, You know, I'm still me, but I feel like they can kind of catch a hint. Like, this is not the same.


I'm not a, like, I set boundaries, You know? And I think they kind of just feel like it's no longer a friendship anymore. You know what I mean? But I know that people do do the whole cutoff thing, but I just, I just could never do that because I don't like it. Like, somebody took me aqua before and I don't like, I don't like how that feels. So I just, you do that to nobody else. Show me how good it can get today, God. And show the rest of the world what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer, and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeds. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer, hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast that explores society, culture, and the intersections of faith and identity.


Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian to hear conversations about what it means to sound the way you look. I think what I've had to make peace with is that every iteration of my voice is given to me by God and I love it. Books That validated our identity. The Library now for me is a safe space as someone who is writing books that they're trying to take off of Shelves and how we as black queer folks relate to our Christianity. Listen to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Over the past six years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned one thing.


No town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've received hundreds of messages from people across the country begging for help with unsolved murders. I was calling about the murder of my husband. It's a cold case. They have never found her and it haunts me to this day. A murderer is still out there Every week on hell and gone murder line. I dig into a new case, bringing the skills I've learned as a journalist and private investigator to ask the questions no one else is asking. Police Really didn't care to even try. She was still somebody's mother. She was still somebody's daughter who is still somebody's sister. There's so many questions that we've never gotten any kind of answers for. If you have a case you'd like me to look into, call the Helen Gone Murder line at 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5.


Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I know a lot of cops, and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser Told them from Lava for Good. And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary Mission.


This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of Absolute Season one Taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two, and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus On Apple Podcasts. The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network, hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores, and brought to you by Velvet Buck.


This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and me Eater founder Steven Ronella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the Ice Age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, You know? So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today.


Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm the same way. Ashley, I and I, I treat it like this. I was always taught, like I don't, I talk to my friends who are so quick to cut a, a female friend off as, as long as they haven't crossed a boundary where they're sleeping with your man or, or doing something that's just below the belt. I've witnessed some females cut friends off over the pettiest things and it's like, girl, this man done did this, this, this, this and this.


You, and you still like, why is it so easy to cut a female friend off? But, but you won't cut that person off. So that's how I look at it. And I'm not the type I let, I let it get to a point where it's okay if this person keep on crossing these boundaries and You know, we talk on it. We speak on it. If you have not changed, then okay, it's best that we just go our separate ways. I've outgrown you so, You know, we just move apart. But to a point where stand just being friends and didn't know how to leave. I know how to exit if it gets to a point where it becomes draining and toxic and exhausted.


But I do at least give them a chance, You know, to, to change. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't cut anybody off immediately either. I'm a I'm a lover and I understand that people go through, You know, seasons and things like that, but I also know that not everybody's supposed to go with you into different seasons of your life as well. You know? And, and, and I so respectfully, I know that if I, if you do something very disrespectful to me, if there's no remorse and it's just the same patterns and the same behavior, this is who you are. And it's now up to me if I wanna be dealing with this type of person and nine times outta 10, I'm not.


Just because it's not conducive to my growth and to where I'm, where I'm headed. So I just don't wanna take those people with me. Now, if I see you outside, whatever, it might be a hi, what's up? Whatever. But you're not getting into my space. You're not getting into my, my personal air aura. You're not gonna feel none of this anymore because you lost that privilege. So, but you have, you have to do something very disrespectful that doesn't align with my values for me to cut you off. Other than that, I'm gonna still be like, what's up? Because, You know, there's, we, we run in a lot of different circles and so like, they could be in the same vicinity, they could still be invited and it's like, it's just gonna be like whatever.


I'm not gonna cut up. I'm not gonna cause a scene, but I know that I'm not gonna also give you my energy either. Yeah. You know what I mean? People see can be a part of your life for a season and I can respectfully let you go and be great somewhere else. Yeah, that's true. How my would say, I didn't know you before. I ain't got baby. See, You know, them little kids that act up when you in the, in the, in the choir saying, and, and you see your child act up and you give 'em that look like, I'm gonna be full. That's what I'm doing at dinner. Right. Get out. What's he doing? He just here in a business, just attention m so I can go on Instagram and see my daddy, boy, get out.


Oh, he wants you to parent right now. Wants extra. So extra. Bring then him over so you can play with the girl. I'm about to bring him over for the rest of the summer, summer camp after trying, okay, you can go, go play with Uncle Phil, boy, go to your house, go to Auntie's house, y'all. What are some of the signs that friendship has expired? Even if there's no drama? I feel like if nobody's checking on each other, y'all don't, You know, communicate, communication is off. It feels weird when you do talk.


Yeah. Like I feel like it's all about the vibe. So if it's like, 'cause You know, some friends, You know, if it's a good friend, y'all can go months without talking and then once y'all get on the phone or y'all feed each other, it's like, it ain't, y'all ain't skipped a beat then, You know? Right. If you haven't talked to somebody and it's a little weird, the vibe is off, You know, then yeah, it's probably done in that time. Yeah. It doesn't always have to be, You know, drama. It's just the vibe is different now. Well, your thoughts any? No, that's the same. I feel like with, with most of the time.


Like if y'all just completely stop checking on each other, stop talking, stop communicating. Y'all see each other in public and y'all just, there's nothing there. It's time to move on. The friendship is, it's just, it is what it is. Leaves do grow and leaves do fall. Sure. And then they get removed. Yeah. Is it better to ghost fade or have a grown woman sit down before y'all park ways have a grown woman sit down? I don't ever, like Ashley said before, I don't ever want to be in a situation where I'm friends with someone and then we just, you stop communicating with me and I don't know why.


And because then yeah, there could like no closure. Right. No closure. Or e there could be something that I'm doing wrong and you never told me s me and it could be something just so simple. Yeah. That's bothering you, that I'm doing something that's bothering you. But if you communicate correct, like a grown woman, we can sit down and talk about it and I just be like, oh girl, I'm sorry I'm not caught you bitch. I just be calling a bitch. I'm sorry a bitch. Right. Right. Exactly. Like, you may not, I feel like you, you should have that conversation. I don't like when people just cut people off and, and yeah, there's no, no closure, no communication, nothing. It's just like, come on, we too grown for this.


Yeah. Ghosting is very much immature. But You know why a lot of people ghost is because they don't know how to communicate. And then it's like they're thinking one thing and then they're like, oh, well baby and petty, they not talking to me no more. So then it's like a bunch of miscommunication on both sides now because you was in your feelings about something and you never communicate it in the first place. So it's all about communication. And I feel like, You know, also we have to be able to understand like, sometimes friends need space and you can't take it personal and people go through things and that's right. Also, if you need space, if you're the friend that needs space, you can't be upset when that friend gives you space and You know what I mean?


Like it's right. Everybody has to put on their big girl panties, You know what I mean? Everybody has to be accountable for their part in the friendship and stop taking stuff personal. Stop being petty. You know, we're grownups and it's fine. We are, we're gonna be friends, let's be friends. If we not, we not. Right. Right. That's true. All right, now we gotta get into our humble, baddest man. Oh, I wanna read this one right Then read it. Read it. Alexis Secret Admirer.


Ooh. Oh, that's the title. Humble back. Get one. Respect. Much respect to all three of y'all. I listen to listen every week, not just for laughs in the mess, but because it's rare to hear black women speak so freely, so powerfully and still keep it soft and soulful. Mm. That's healing in itself. But if I'm being real, this message is for Alexis. I've been with strong women before, built with them, learned from them, and sometimes broke with them too.


I'm at a point in my life where I don't chase chaos. I choose peace, growth and a woman who knows who she is, even when the world tries to tell her otherwise, Alexis, that's how you come off to me with grace. But you don't bite your tongue. You hold your oath, but you don't hold back and that laugh. Mm, no. Mm, stop. It stayed in my head longer than I, ooh, this is getting real.


What getting happen? It stayed in my head longer than I expected. I ain't writing this mail for clout. I'm writing it because in a world full of noise, you stand out bars, you are the type of woman that strongman sees, not just looks at. Oof. So maybe one day you'll read this and smile or maybe you'll roll your eyes and keep it moving. Either way. I just want you to know a real one's watching. And Chris Anthony from New York. Okay. Anthony, Dr. Boy Anthony. Anthony got some lyric.


Anthony got some barn. Anthony, who, what's your phone number? We need to call Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Sir, if you are watching, if you watch this clip, please inbox us. We would love for you and Alexis to meet up so y'all can go on a date. Thank you. A nice gentleman. He pays attention. Well, thank Anthony. I'm in his head. Stay in his head alone. Anthony, I'm, I'm flattered. Thank you so much for watching the Humble Baddies and really listening. You know, I do take pride in being graceful. I really do. But it's, I'm authentic.


It is what you see is what you get. And I do seek my mind. This is a lot of growth, this is a lot of therapy. This is a lot of just really sitting in my essence of who I am. So I love to be seen. So thank you so much for seeing me, and I'm grateful that my spirit translates, You know, over, You know, wifi, I should say, and and streaming devices. So I appreciate that. So yeah, Anthony, what's up? How you doing? But thank you so much. I am, again, I'm flattered. I'm like brushing. Yes. You know, You know, it's always amazing to get a compliment.


So shout out to Anthony for real. You know, he sound like a real New Yorker, You know what I'm saying? That they really are just very like, yeah, just like very much like, look, this is, I see what I like, I like what I see, what's up. And just given that admiration because You know, it's hard. You know what I mean? Being a single woman and, and, and in, in general you wanna be seen any woman in general, any man in general wants to be seen, wants to be heard. And so thank you for really seeing me. So I appreciate it and thanks Sharelle for that voice, You know, of Commentation and commentary and You know, giving us that dialogue in such a very, You know, poetic and romantic way.


I appreciate that Anthony wouldn't have wanted me to read it any, any other way, right. You see wrote that I'm talking about Anthony is sliding them dms. Is that y'all? Yeah. Anthony, go ahead sliding them dms because that's where you can find me. Make sure you check your spam and the other inboxes. Okay, well thank you so much Anthony for the Humble Daddy's Mail since I'm the topic of conversation ladies, but no, that was a, that's a good episode. How, how fun, how fun is this? Can we change the subject Now we get off mute.


Anthony got a L over the blushing. Alright, Anthony, you can find Lex. I'm sure you already know where he can find you, but go ahead and remind him. You could find me at Alexis Meyer on Instagram or on Humble Baddies, You know, through the Humble Bat's Mail. Now I guess that's what we doing. Make sure you send a nice picture when you reach out to Anthony because you can. And where can they find you all ladies? You can find me at Sharelle Rosado Sherell Rosado on Twitter and on X I'm sorry.


And Snapchat. Sharelle dot Rosado. I'm Ashley Nicole on Instagram and Ash Nicole on Snap and everything else. Thank y'all so much for tuning in to another episode of The Humble Batty. Please write us again at contact at Humble Baddies dot com and we'll you guys next week and make sure y'all subscribe. Humble Baddies podcast. Show me how good it can get today, God, and show the rest of the world what we already know.


It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer, and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeves. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast from iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no. This is absolute season one taser Incorporated.


I get right back there and it's bad. Listen to absolute season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jeff Perlman. And I'm Rick Jervis. We're journalist and hosts of the podcast Finding Sexy Sweat. At An internship in 1993. We roomed with Reggie Payne, aspiring reporter and rapper who went by Sexy Sweat. A Couple years ago we set out to find him, But in 2020, Reggie fell into a coma after police pinned him down and he never woke up. But then I see my son's Not moving, so we started digging and uncovered city officials bent on protecting their own. Listen to Finding Sexy Sweat on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. This is an iHeart podcast.