
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


In honor of Military Appreciation Month. Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band, or throwing a bumping shindi at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now That's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months. Less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations. To spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/talk to get your tickets.


Hey, when's last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hi music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI Love this station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa snap. I Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey, music station hot 99.5.


Hey y'all. I miss girl. We're back ladies. Ashley go like this. I got lipstick on my teeth. It's Gone. It's gone. It's gone. Now y'all look y'all glowing and looking good. You done? Thank you. I'm taking, I received that. It might, what's the might on You just said what? I said what's going on? We're back with another episode of the Humble Baddies podcast. I missed my Humble Baddies. Yes. Which y'all been up to. I've been holding it down.


Holding down for while y'all was handling business. And my girl Portia, You know, she did her thing. So good. Mother's Day went to Atlanta. Surprised my family. Stopped the love. Oh my goodness. I had so much fun. It was so good just to rekindle with all my family, my cousins who I haven't seen in so long. I, my grandmother, my mother, and my aunties. We went out to eat and I went up to Atlanta to support my best friend. She just got her doctorates degree. We met up with my wife Swanky. We had a good time. And I saw you on Swanky out there. Listen, so, so swanky just happened to be in town or, or he was just, he was there for the same thing.


He was in Atlanta for, You know, so he got to do the Met Gala, he style for the owner of Fashion Bomb Daily for the Met Gala. Yeah, I saw that. Yeah, he did Booted and booted. Perfect Carlos for that. Then we went to, he, he was in Atlanta. He met up and he's actually coming to Miami on Wednesday. So, so we all gotta get together. Oh nice. And then I working hard, busy, y'all know I've got the development side going on, so taking care of that. And Wednesday I have to fly to go check on one of my properties. We may be going under contract for one of our village in St. Martin. So your girl busy.


Beautiful, beautiful. Love that. That's what's up. That's a lot. Yes. Its been Mother's Day weekend. It's graduation season. Yes. It's a lot going on prom season. Yes, it's, I've seen all the babies going to prom girl. Yes, I saw your daughter. She looked beautiful. That was a lot. Now I have to get ready for graduation and then the trip after graduation, then I'm shipping her behind to college. I love it. Yes. Where did she decide to go? I live in a m Oh yay. Love that. That's what's up.


Yes, yes. Yeah. I just went to my mom's graduation in Virginia. I thought I wasn't gonna make it. My flight was delayed, canceled rebooked. I had to like fly to Charlotte, drive to Virginia. I thought I wasn't gonna make it back. Like traveling right now is just crazy. Like these airlines are just, they don't care no more. They charging you whatever and then it's not even a guarantee that you gonna get to your destination. But I made it in time to see my mama walk across the stage. I'm so proud of her. And it was just like a beautiful celebration this Mother's Day after watching her achieve one of her dreams. Like it was just amazing to see that.


So shout out to my mom. Shout we love. Yeah, shout out to the og Humble daddy. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. How was your Mother's Day, Alexis? You know, it was actually very light, which I appreciate. Usually I try to disappear, especially 'cause my kids are older and why not? But this time it started off, yeah, the day before it was like a nice little weekend. You know, I started off going to a beach club that we like and just hanging out there. So that was nice and easy and easing into it. And then on Saturday I actually was honored along with 15 other women.


Trina had a, with her foundation, had just highlighted amazing women called, she Is Everything. So I was humbled and honored to receive the Style and Substance award. Okay. And oh, beautiful. So my mother and my daughter. So it was actually kind of dope to be there and do a little brunch and hang out with some other amazing women. And so we did that. And then on Sunday, slept in, which was awesome to do. And yeah, ended up going to Houston's with my mother and my daughter again. My old love me to Houston. I do too. They, they were like, where do you wanna go?


And I was like, Houston's my favorite place, You know? So consistent. The drinks. Yeah, the food. Yeah. And just really enjoy that. And so I, that's what I did for Mother's Day weekend. And then just this week is my last week of school, which I'm super excited about. So I'm on my last little finishing my culinary school as well as my oldest son. He graduates on Sunday. So I'm preparing myself, preparing the house for relatives, coming in town and just really getting in the swing of things of really just getting ready to be prepared for the ends of the year and the summer transition.


So just try to get everyone's camps in order, their AAU schedules in order traveling. Also, I have to do an externship. So when I am cooking in the restaurant called Smith and Webster. Okay. You guys gonna have to come through. Yes. Come through and I hollow. Yeah, exactly. So it's, it actually is working out because You know, he is a friend of, of, of us and we reached out and I've been to the establishment. I'm gonna be working the line, I'm gonna be the, and I'm gonna be expediting the food as it comes out. So y'all gonna have to come through for the, after, You know, the next six weeks I'll be there Friday, Saturdays and Sundays getting my, my culinary on in the back.


And we just gonna also do some dope events too in conjunction with it just so we can bring awareness to the community. He does a lot of outreach and things like that and we wanna, You know, highlight this, this journey. So inviting everyone, You know, to come through. So it should be interesting. Well, I'm not gonna hold her. You know, why you so dark girl? The lighting. I've been cussing my cleaning lady. She done took all my, she done took all my podcast stuff. She probably cleaned up. I'm like this in my computer. Yeah, no, I and Tampa. So I was doing a lot of cleaning and rearranging and adjusting. So I had to clean the lady come and she just did what the hell she wanted to do.


I'm like, she really cleaned up, didn't she? Cleaned it on outta there. Okay. Okay. I was just making sure. All right, well that's what's up. I mean, mother's Day is, I feel like such a special holiday like for everybody because everybody got a mama, You know what I'm saying? So to me it's like one of the holidays I feel like everybody feels the spirit, You know what I'm saying? Everybody just, I just, it, I love this time of year, the weather's getting nice, You know, school's about to be out, like spirits are just high right now. And I just love that. Yeah. Super excited. Well, I'm glad again, happy Mother's Day to all the mothers, but now it's time to get into the T baby because it is hot.


We're gonna start off right now with the Diddy situation and it does not look bad. I felt so bad when reading an article and I saw where they stated that the girls had to leave. I don't know if it was because it was just too much. Like, I don't know if I was going through something, if, You know, I was dealing with somebody as a mother who was going through something like that, a mother of children, I would want my daughter's in a situation like that. Yeah. They can support. But to keep calling you would or wouldn't, you said you wouldn't. I would not, no. Yes. Yeah, I know. I think especially a situation like this when it's about abuse and like sexual abuse, You know, we have to still protect our children even if it's from our own family, You know what I mean?


Like, I feel like we need to protect their innocence at all costs. Yeah, they're like in high school or did they, did they graduate already? Yeah, I know one that's, yeah, the one older one and then there's two are either they, they're mostly, I don't feel afraid or something like that, but I just still feel like, You know, there's a point, You know, where we need to protect our children. I feel like we're in a day age where we just feel like our children can handle it and You know, they're more mature and everything like that. But I just really feel like, You know, children have a place and, and in the courtroom you never know what a witness might say, what might come out.


You just never know. And I feel like, You know, they're, they're gonna need therapy if they're not already in therapy because this is their father that is being accused of all these things. And You know, children or even grownups don't even know how to always process something like this. This is very traumatic, this is very, You know, even if it's the allegations are, are not true still, this is a very life-changing experience and I can, I can't imagine a young person being able to process everything that they're hearing and everything that they're going through. And when they have to leave the courtroom and they're around their peers and they're at school and they're on the internet and they're reading different things that are being said about their dad, I just don't know that allowing them to be in the courtroom to, to hear the most raw versions of these stories is pro profile.


Yeah, I, yeah, I agree with you Ashley. That's a tough one. I didn't read where they were escorted, You know, they had to leave or anything like that. I did see like clips here and there and just, I know at the beginning it was definitely, they were, they were finishing up the jury selection and then started getting into the opening statements and, and having of calling a couple witnesses. So I hope they were kind of escorted out after, You know, right before that those testimonies came out. 'cause people were stating their, You know, when you're under oath like that, you're obviously stating facts that have happened and you wanna, You know, you're there for a reason. Yeah. And that is tough.


I understand they wanna be there to support their father and as well as the fact that some of them are a little older, You know, adults, young adults. But at the same time, this is stuff that's obviously like evidence and also now going to be held against him or whatever the case may be in the court of law. So it's like, this is tough. I mean, yeah. And so the latest story that they're saying is that did Diddy hired an escort and made him and Cassie have sex in front of him and made him pee in her mouth.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new nine nine eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or Postpaid Unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests from meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network, hosted by me, writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and meat eater founder Steven Ronella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here, and I'll say, it seems like the Ice age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, You Know, so join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is the thing, it's like, are we saying like this actual situation of them, like campaigning in her mouth, was that like abuse or was this something that they just partook in? Is that what the defense is saying? Like this is just like how they normally, You know, have sexual relations? Like what is the, what is the defense saying in this situation? I'm no lawyer, no judge, no, none of that. I have been asked to go to jury duty and been dismissed a couple times, but this right here, I don't think he's on trial for the sexual stuff. I feel like what people do in their bedrooms, in their homes is their thing. Now when it becomes criminal, that's what I think there's, this is the testament to his character and tion and just very much intimidation.


So I'm not, I'm not sure You know, the difference of, You know, what what the, what the evidence is gone. But I don't think he's done trial for that. They're just really showing his character. Yeah. So, You know, when you start doing this, all these sexual things, and again, what people do behind closed doors is their thing, fine, whatever. But now it's come into the forefront of how who you really are and what you're into and people are gonna, the public is gonna judge. So I don't know if that's, You know, the prosecuting sides, what they're trying to show, like, You know, he is someone who has these, You know, levels of X, y, and Z, but they're presenting their case.


So the thing is, we're gonna find out as the public eventually, You know, I always say what's done in the dark comes to the light. So we're just gonna be sitting here watching this and I'm sure it's gonna be some kind of like law and order episode coming out like later on or something like that, You know? So yeah, they're about to make, they're about to make documentaries for ages about Diddy and this whole situation, just like they did one with r Kelly, the whole Me Too movement with Epstein. Like I feel like first of all, people are really interested in seeing like these great men, these moguls, these moguls get taken down.


It's interesting to people. People love to dig in and see these people be pulled and ripped apart their lives just one minute. Like they fall from greatness. Yeah, people love that. They see, they see the climb and you're right, they wanna help somebody bring them down. But You know, it's, it's, it's unfortunate because this is when you really see who, or You know, your supporters are who's in your corner, who's backing you up. But it's tough when you have this in front of us, like, You know, all this evidence and then we've seen him be in such one way, You know, publicly and then, You know, privately we're learning about him even more. So yeah, it's definitely a tough situation.


I really hate it because Diddy really was like a prominent figure. I mean, he's been around for so for, for decades, You know, and yeah, he has done a lot in the community. We, and, and in entertainment and hb so it is sad to see this, but You know, what's done in the dark is gonna always come to light baby. So hopefully, You know, I don't know, hopefully this stuff isn't true, but these victims, You know, they, they demand, they deserve justice. So hopefully, You know, this case just does that what it's supposed to do. But I feel sorry for his family.


I feel sorry, You know, that they want to be there to support him through this, but having to sit there and listen to these things about your dad, about, You know, things that you wouldn't normally hear about your father, like his sexual, You know, escapades and all this stuff. I don't know, to me that's a bit much. And I don't know, I think I don't, I wouldn't ask that if I was Diddy, I wouldn't ask that of my children to sit in there and to support me in that way. I just think that's a bit much, that's my take on it.


You back Sheika and he does have adult sons, You know, adult children that can be there if he really does want that family support. I don't think so. Yes. No. Yes. No, I think so. I agree. But yeah, so we'll see how this thing plays out with Diddy. I'm not gonna lie, I think this is the case that I do want to, You know, watch how it plays out. I wanna, You know, literally I wanna hear the defense. I want to hear all of the, the details because this is somebody that was held up to, You know, a certain standard and it's just a shame that this is what we're dealing with now.


So I I'm gonna be tuned in on this case and watching it. What about y'all? See now? Sorry, my, so my lighting is, yeah, it is a bad situation. I'm definitely gonna be told to end on it. It just sucks. It's sickening. But I hope justice is served for everyone and You know, we'll start in the dark will come to the light, so for sure. Well, we gonna see and they gonna have memes for days.


They already said Diddy, gray haired now looking crazy. It's probably rough in there. So there, there obviously won't be in the courtroom, right? It's gonna be other cases we've, I said there's no no cameras in the courtroom, right? For this case? No, they got like drawings people, You know, the little drawings they make. Yeah. This, this coverage is not no cameras, no phone, nothing. It's not even, no. Yeah. All right. You guys all speaking of, of, You know, celebrities, You know, locked up, did y'all hear the news in regards to Tory Lanes?


Tory Lanes had, it was reported that he was stabbed about 14 times. I saw that. I did not see that. I saw that. I saw that. Okay. I don't know that much about Tory Lanes, but is he one of those that be claiming a set, mean claiming gang? Like is he affiliated? I never heard him playing, playing the game. I don't know, because I'm just trying to figure out who gonna come after him. What he in there doing that he gonna get, he got stabbed to the point where he's in. I've never been to jail and don't ever wanna go.


So I'm sure it's just, You know, it's, it's some kind of beef for some week. I, I don't know any detail, but it's not an easy place to be. Torian was down 14, so I included second little back forces, torso two to the back of his head and we went to the left side of his face. Damn. Both somebody was to kill him. Both of his lung collapsed and he was placed on a breathing inheritance. He is now breathing on his knowledge despite being in pain. He is talking normally in good spirits and deeply thankful to die that he's willing through. He also wants to thank everyone for their continued prayers and support.


It's, it's so sad. It's sad because you don't know why people have, You know, why, what's their take their thoughts when you're in a, I mean, with his situation, I don't know. It's like, what, what is the reason for them to attack him like that? We don't know. Yeah, that's awful. Somebody wanted him dead. Like somebody was trying to kill that man 14 times. His lungs are collapsed. Like that's bad. That means like, they had time.


Well, I guess if he going real fast, that's crazy still, listen, I'll get, I'll be tag teaming with the right people and have their little, a little squad set up in there to protect me because you never know. I've watched to all them ju I'm not judged, but the jail, the jail movies scare straight and stuff. We all TV shows and I'm, I'm into all of that and it'd be the, the guards they be in on it. Like, it's a whole thing. Like people be getting paid, they be getting drugs from the guards. Like it's a whole like inner workings like situation in them jails and in them prisons and yeah, that's one place I don't want to ever be in because it is not a safe place.


Like I'm y'all, you need a talent. I'm tell y'all my little story back in my little hang day. Oh no, I had a little, You know, it was riding around in about Valley, but I got locked up, right because I was defending my friend fighter and it, it carried on like the fight carried on, like the beef carried on and one day, no I was leaving. So I was leaving Columbus, going back to Fort Brag. I was stationed, I was just, You know, Brandon with the military and You know, Columbus, we, You know how we feel like we always have to fight, do whatever, run our mouth, do whatever.


So I seen the girl, it's crazy, actually, I'm gonna tell you who it is, Ashley, when we get off the get off the, oh, the person, You know, the sister, the person's sister. So I think I see her on the highway, right? And I'm like, this is because she was disrespecting my home and everything, y'all know, like, so I I we driving next to each other and, and I pulled up to get gas and she follows me off the interstate. The girl walked into the gas station and tried to come after me. So I had to attack, like I had to beat her ass. Yeah, the French, but You know, gotta find whatever girl. I got arrested and I was like, I'm not meant to be in child.


Like I can't do this, I can't do this. I'm betting with the guy who, who You know, the process you or whatever. I was like, please don't let each agency these clothes. They had a, the little jumpsuits and the nasty little slip. You just supposed to pick one. Listen. I was like, please. They kept me in the holding cell. My mama had to post bail or whatever. I was like, I would never, ever, ever get in any trouble or no more. That was it. I was like, fighting ain't right. Hell no. Yeah. And I, in a holding cell, I, I got locked up for driving with a suspended license and yeah, I was in there for literally five minutes.


Like my parents followed us to the jail and they tried to hold me in long, but they like there it was like nobody else in there. Then they had no reason to hold me. So I was literally in there for five minutes. Like I've stood up in this cell like this the whole time I was not about to sit down, nothing that I was like, I'm gonna make sure I paid my speeding ticket. So I don't ever have to do that. Your arrest for that, for them to lock people up? Yeah. 'cause I used to drive back and forth from Tuskegee to Atlanta all the time and I was lying Atlanta, I got that area, they yeah, bad right there and I would get tickets all the time. So I thought I had paid all of them and I guess one of them I didn't pay and they put a warrant out but me, I guess it's a warrant, right?


A warrant. It's a warrant for your arrest if you, yeah, and then it'll come up and first if you don't pay the, you go to court, you don't go to court then, then you put a bench warrant out. So you arrest. Yeah, well that's what had happened. Child and a police officer, he was such an asshole because he was like, he was like, oh, he asked me could he search my car and You know, I didn't, I I wasn't like really, like I didn't know my rights for real, but I just knew I was supposed to say no. So when he was like, can I search your car? I was like, no. He was like, okay, well why not? And I was just like, like, what do you need to search my car for? Like, you arrested me for a ticket.


Like, You know, like I didn't know what to say but he was getting pissed off so he was like, well I was gonna let your parents come take your car. They were literally on the way to take my car. But since I wouldn't let him search my car, he towed my car like all the way across like super far, like two hours away. Like I couldn't believe that. Then when I got in the car, in the backseat with my hands, You know, handcuffed, he would turn, every time he would turn, he would like turn extra hard. So I was like rolling in the back way. He didn't put my seatbelt on me. So I was like rolling around in the backseat, busting my head on the damn everywhere. So yeah, I'm never gonna get arrested again.


What about you? I've never been in handcuffs. I've never been in handcuffs except for in the bedroom. So that's where they're gonna be and that's where they gonna stay because we, I'm a good girl. Let do it. You, you only a bad girl in the bedroom. Okay, that's it. Okay, I'm gonna same. I, my I don't want it. I learned my, yeah, see, just from listening to y'all, that's enough. I, I mean I have, I have, I watch movies, I watch enough law and order, I watch enough of this to be like, mm yeah, no, no, no. Good That I'm sure.


Well we hope What's his name do better Tory Lanes. I hope he gets better. I hope he recovers. Are they seeing me? He is. No, they say he's in good. You said what? He's what in good spirits right now. Okay. So that's a good thing. At least he will, I mean, I don't know if this will help him creatively. How long has he got in prison? Shit, I don't know. And they, what, what they sending him to 10 years? He gotta go for teens. Dang. I think so, but he may not have to do all 10 years.


Okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy. Just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites. With Indeed sponsored jobs, your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so you can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash a rts. Just go to indeed.com/a RTS right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast, terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.