
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


The Jeep brand has always stood for American freedom. And now we're standing with you with employee pricing Plus hurry into your Jeep Brand dealer for details today and join the family Jeep. There's only one offer valid on select 2024 and 2025 Jeep brand vehicles for non FCA employees and retirees. $200 admin fee applies. Not all buyers will qualify. Restrictions apply does not apply to leases. Ends June 2nd, 2025. Jeep is a registered trademark of F-C-A-U-S-L-L-C.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit chase sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


Hey, when's last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hip music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI Love this station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists. And we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa. What snap I Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey, music station hot 99 5.


What's up? What's up? What's up? Hey, watch your phone. Hi. Intro bitch. I said, oh, they cute on the intro. Where's my intro? Go ahead and play the song again. Sing it for me. We got ai. Girl. You know one who can sing. Don't start with shit. Shit. See, I knew I knew that. I knew that. I knew. Nevermind, nevermind. Hey, I'm gonna get you before we get off this live. I'm, I'm sick of you. Hey, friend. What's up you guys? We are back. Ashley and Alexis are out of town right now. They're handling business. So we have our one and only bad bitch, good mom in the building as a special guest holding it down for with us while Alexis and Ashley are taking care of business.


Our beautiful one and only Miss Porsche Burdo. Thank you Fran. I may know her from wax. The riches. Woo. My, my, my, my dog. My top dog. I can't see you, Fran. You went away. Don't like that. Come back. Lemme sit my little soft block. Hold on. Okay. I'm back. I'm back. I'm back. You back. Welcome, Marcia. We're so excited to have you here with us. I'm so excited to be here. You know, this is like, I don't know how long it's gonna be, but this is time away from the chaos that is my house. So if you hear screaming, if you hear a little boy coming in here talking about beep beep body doodle body, if you hear something, just know I'm just upstairs tucked away.


So thank you. But that's, that's what it is. Being a bad mom. I mean, you have to navigate through everything. Yeah. Being a boss mom and You know, trying to do everything. Take care of yourself, take care of your family, be a wife, a mom, I and a entrepreneur. It's, it's hard but it's very hard is I don't understand how people expect for you to, You know, make money and raise children and still be attractive and work out and self care and go to church. And I don't know how people do all the things. I'm, I'm not really sure. I don't know, but I'm working it out. I lost you again friend. Oh, I know. I'm gimme breakfast. It's, I don't know what's going on with my camera today.


Me, there you go. It's being a hater today, but we still don't, You know, navigate through this. How has everything been since what riches? Well, You know, when the show came out, my baby was eight weeks old, so I was like deep, deep in the trenches of Mommyhood. So I really, I don't think I left the house after the show came off. Like we went to Turks, we did the party after that, I went home and I didn't leave for weeks. And my first time leaving was my daughter's birthday and I went to Disney World and somebody came up to me, this girl was like, oh my God, my husband recognized you. I love you on the show.


And I looked like, I didn't know what the hell she was talking about. I was like, what are you talking about lady? I'm just like, I completely like, it just wasn't, I was like, oh my gosh. She was like, I want a picture. I was like, oh shit. It's my first little pic. Like, it was, it was a cute little moment. But honestly I've just been raising these children. My baby's five months, almost six months now. So like, I had, like, I really haven't had a chance to slow down since it came out. It's been a lot girl. It's been a year. Yeah, it's, it's, it's hard. It's a lot. How is it with, You know, trying to, You know, first it was always Andre who was getting all that attention and everything because people may not know.


But your husband is a professional retired boxer. Hold on. You gotta give him, because if you me, wait, wait. You give him title because I want Andre to call him. Did You know I, I'm sorry. He's a 2004 Olympian, two time world champion. You gotta give him his stuff because he gonna text me like, why y'all gonna play me like I'm just bowling washed. Just Right, right, right. You don't like that. Go ahead, introduce your husband correctly. Okay, so he's a 2004 Olympian and two time world champion. Let me say it before he comes for me. But yes, he is retired. Okay. From boxing, not from business, but from boxing. He's retired girl. He still get plenty more attention than me.


Them people love him. I know they love him, but how good. But it was always, the attention was always on him. Yeah. Now that, You know, you are on Netflix and you have spotlight, have that spotlight as well, how was it? Was it like a, a shock or? No, we kind of just laugh about it. You know, we kind of just makes us giggle a little bit because he is like, look at you. And I'm like, I know, like we just kind of laugh about it. But not much has changed. I told you, but y'all don't leave the house. You know, I don't go no damn where. Like couple, the crazy thing is Portia, you're so talented. You're more talent to me. You're more talented than your husband. You can sing, you can dance, You know, you can act, you can do it all.


And you're amazing mother. So I feel like, You know, you need to put away some of them. Humble. Yeah. Some that humble is think it out there. Yeah. I mean I will, I'm, I'm coming outta my newborn era. I'm, I'm coming out the bubble right now, You know what I mean? Like, I'm back working, I'm back real estate. Like I'm back, You know, I'm back doing the things. It just took me a little time, You know, third one is taking me a little time. I had to get, try to get my body right, You know what I mean? Can't walk outside looking crazy. Bitch, I gotta be fine. That's right. That's right. But we're gonna get into all that. We're gonna get into all that. We wanted to do a quick introduction of everything, but let's go into our first topic for today. Hold that. And it is, hold on.


No ma'am. No ma'am. No ham, no Turkey. Have you been, you been Oh my best wife. I mean, you been travel, you've been traveling, you could be traveling. I've Portia I've been traveling so much. I was in another country and I had to go to the embassy to get a, an emergency passport because I ran out of pages, man, not ran outta pages. Humble brag. And I had no big deal. The country ran outta page, no big deal. I had other countries to visit while I was, You know, while I was traveling there. And they were like, you're not gonna be able to go girl.


They were like, you're not gonna be able to go to your next destination until you go to the embassy. You go to the embassy and you have to get your emergency passport. So thank god I was able to, what the hell, I was able to, I was able to take care of that. So now I have another appointment tomorrow to go to the pass the passport office in Miami to get a full extended passport so your girl can continue on with her. I made some, well, this is what I'll say to you. And I say this to you all the time, You know, I be checking in. I be praying for my girl. Okay? I pray real hard for you. And I just pray in all of your travels wherever you at, whatever you doing, whatever's going on that you just, you find a soft place to land and that you're just covered and happy and appreciated and just, You know what I mean?


Because I, so I pray, I, I pray, You know, I pray with you. Yeah. And I just, whatever you doing, wherever you at, whoever you with, I just be like, You know what? I just, I just wanted my friend to be out of the fray, out of the mess in somewhere just soft. And, and because, because ain't nothing, ain't nothing outside. But, but hookah and Doug Androta past tequila, bitch. That's it. That's it. Lamb chops, hookah, raa, pasta and scammers. And I said, Lord, don't do it. No matter, I just pray. Whatever you do in all your travels, you just find a soft place to land.


And I'm just, you smiling and I'm just, I mean, I'm just happy that's all. I'm just happy for you friend. Love you. Course you always want the best for me. Oh, I appreciate it. Always friend. Okay, I'm going do my soft blanc today we are talking about our very own, it's gonna lead into a, but navigating through a toxic breakup break, breaking up with the bullshit. Oh God, yes. We're gonna talk. So I know a lot of people have been saying that, You know, our girl, Keeta Hill has been in the blogs and it's not for a good thing. Kea, Intel re You know, they've been going through a, a devastating breakup and it's not looking good.


I don't like the fact that people are trying to come for her in regards to, You know, Tyrese has cut off all funds, allegedly from what, You know, the blog are saying. He basically cut off her her debit card so she can't, You know, access any funds anymore. And people just reading the comments, it's like, well, You know, I thought she made her own money, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, this, that, and the third. And it's a lot of women and I don't like that. Well, one, I didn't, I didn't see that. I know when everything first happened, I, I think I told you I reached out to her and, and You know, she was appreciative and she seemed like she was okay. She was just like, You know, it's crazy. She was saying how there was paparazzi outside her building and it was like, it was a lot, You know what I mean?


For like days like it, it continued for a while. So first and foremost, I just wanna say that I'm all for like family. If family can work it out, they can work it out. I want that so badly for her. But if it doesn't, You know what I mean? And, and I just wish that it's crazy because it's not even like they're on the internet saying anything. They're not being messy back and forth. They're not doing it. This is literally just like, this is the public, this is the people, this are the blogs and everything. And I'm like, it'd one thing if I felt like she was pulling everybody into her business, but she's really not even that type of girl. You know what I mean? So it's just crazy to see how people have like, such weighted opinions about it.


I don't know, it's kind of mind blowing to see, I think especially the way they're going in on her. Like, I don't know. I don't know. Because I think people lack a lot of empathy for anybody that they think that is in a position of prominence. And it's, you see it over and over and over again. Anybody who has anything, any status, any money, any anything. It's like there's no grace at all. Like they will tear you to, but it's not even the, it's not even, they're, it's not even like they're going after the man I, they're going after, after her. Like, it's her fault. Like you can't help who you fall in love with. Yeah. And, and people don't know the story or know what, what they've been through.


So it's like, instead of, and I get it too, I mean even with, You know, my breakup when Chad and I broke up, it's like, You know, they came after me, but they, you don't know the story. You don't know what you, what what those two couples went through. Right. And it's like they developed their own opinion and just, You know, it's always the woman who always get picked at and it's, it's not right. It's not fair. So why do think that? Do you think that's just because people just hold women to a higher standard in general? Like we just supposed to have all the sense, I mean, which I kind of get, I don't just feel like they think that, oh, you went after like with Keita in the situation with her and the blogs. Oh, she just wanted him for his money.


She only got married just to get divorced to try to get the money. That's all you see. It's always like, oh, because they're making money because they're, You know, a higher profile individual. I think that's what it is. It's always assume it's a money grab. Yeah. So I don't know a ton about their relationship. Well I do know what she told me. And You know, they had a long relationship and then they broke up and she really went her way and he went this way and they really went over here. And, You know, I can relate to that because that's exactly what happened to me. We dated for a long time, seven, eight years. And then we broke up for a smooth year, year and a half. I went this way, he went that way and he came back and got me.


And from what I gathered from what she told me, which they don't show on the show, is a conversation we had is that he really went back and he, he went back. He wanted, he said, I want my woman back. Let's get married today, tomorrow, let's go. And they, and they did. But yeah, I don't know. People are crazy fucking people. Oh, it's, it's like, it's hard, especially being in a, a high, high profile relationship. It's hard like dealing with a breakup and I can speak, You know, speak on that because I dealt with it. It's like you are in a public relationship when you're happy. You gotta that breakup in a public and it's ugly, but it's just like, sometimes you just want some type of grace.


Yeah. Like, you just want somebody just to, You know, lemme ask you something like, did you feel any, like, any responsibility to publicly kind of explain or give any explanation because your relationship, like you said, all the happy stuff was so public and, You know what I mean? Like Chad, one of them, he'll, he'll prop you up, he'll put you right, right here, girl, I, everything, You know what I mean? Like he gonna like, he gonna do that. Right. Did you feel any responsibility to give any type of explanation? Or did you feel pressure to kind of tell your side or, You know what I mean? Like when everything happened?


I mean, it was some, some days I wanted to because you get tired of, You know, the speculation Yeah. The speculations and everything. But it's like, why, You know, let's just move on. You know, we have a beautiful child together, we can co-parent and let's just work through this. You know, when it comes to co-parenting, I know people want to know, but you just have to, at, at one point I felt like I had to tell my side of the story, but it's like, why? It doesn't mean it's not gonna change anything. It's not so just, it's not just carry on. You know, what happened, You know, he knows what happened and God knows what happened.


I mean, 'cause the people who are rooting for you are still very much like they get back yet they still very much on that vibe. Yeah. And then the people who was on their, I told you Soul Train before just waiting for something to happen. They, some people still there, they still say stuff. So you are right. It doesn't matter. But I always wondered that though, like, You know, if, if you felt like it would be disappointing for it to, not just to you and him, but just to like, You know, the fan people who like supported y all and said so many kind things and like really kept up with y'all and You know, I mean they still can say kind things and still support us as co as we co-parent through this.


I mean, Chad is an amazing father and You know, I'm an amazing person. We just didn't work out. And that's what it is. I mean, You know, they can still support us and don't have to choose sides because we didn't ch You know, we still support each other at the end of the day. So that mind the fact they don't have to choose sides, bitch. They don't know what happened. Want choosing a size? No, they don't feel that's for real. But it's what it's, I mean, You know, it just sucks. And I, I feel for Keda in regards to her situation. Yeah. Because she's going through it and having all the public people trying to attack her and come, come with her and extra crazy because she real quiet.


She's like, and she really, she gonna do it just like Beyonce. My girl is, mom's the word. She ain't gonna say nothing and I mean nothing. She gonna let that thing go. And I be like, girl, you're made of type because I would've said something to somebody. It's a lot. It's a lot. So I think a lot of people go through this and even if they're not in high profile relationships, because you still have to think about it like just a regular couple. It's still public embarrassment because you have to go through it with your family, your friends and everything. So maybe we can help some people who are going through this and some of my questions I have, I know when you went, you have went through a workup with before you and Andre got together, got married when y'all was dating.


Do you believe people change after a toxic breakup? I don't know if y'all breakup was toxic, ours was a little rough. Or do you think they just re rebrand themselves for the next person? I think that, I think more often than not, people rebrand themselves for the next person. That's what I think.


It's true that some things change as we get older. But if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.


Hey, it's Jay Sheti and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages to meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets. Have you ever wished for a change but weren't sure how to make it? Maybe you felt stuck in a job or a place or a relationship?


Join me, Emily Tisch Sussman. Over on She Pivots where I explore the inspiring pivots of women, dig deeper into the personal reasons behind them and leave you with the inspiration you need to make your next pivot in honor of Mother's Day. We have some very special guests. I am Elaine Welter Roth. And I'm Kaitlyn Murray. Both women pivoted out of their careers after having their kids proving that motherhood is just another chapter in our journey. Not the end. It's like, It's kind of like, will you have more babies? Yes. Will I always be me? Yeah. And will I continue growing? Yes. Because I was really in the trenches and I knew my worth and my value as a mom. Come on over to hear their full stories. You can listen to She pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I think that's what I kind of did. Like I'm trying to rebrand myself a little, especially after the show came out because it made it look like, You know, I was going out to Chad for his money. It was all so won. Like listen, I told what? And let's be clear that was not, You know, that was not it. And Chad knows that. He like, You know, we can face some roles, but first of all, he play all day day. My biggest thing is y'all all day. So I was really looking at it like, that's crazy. Look at these damn fools up here playing. And then people look, stop playing these people fade. Stop it.


But, but because of that, You know, trying to be a team player or whatever, I feel like I have to rebrand myself because it made it look like I was just this gold digger, You know, coming for Chad and his money and money, You know, trying to take everything. But that's not the case. So for me, my situation, I have to rebrand myself and just show. So who you really think that you have to rebrand? Like I, I just, I don't know, maybe because I just, I know you in real life, so I just did not take an ounce of it that serious. I'm, I'm serious. Like I just, I didn't even, it took me so long to even watch it because I remember talking to you about it. I remember us getting ready together and then you go, now I gotta go do this and I talk to you after that.


It just was not a big, it just wasn't a thing. And then I saw that and I was like, they planned and immediately just put it out my mind because You know it, but you actually feel like you have to re rebrand. I don't think that you people take TD to another level. It's not like it used to be poor. So you rebranding yourself for, for your next potential mates. I put my next potential mate. No, because they gonna want they meet, they gonna know that's not no, not your life. That you're not about that. You know what I mean? Well, they, You know, but that's, it's easy to tell you. It's took five minutes with you and it's like, you're literally the most generous person in the world. I have to tell all the time.


Trust. Stop giving me shit. Stop doing stuff. Relax girl. Like, You know what I mean? It be five minutes, somebody been with you and they know that that's, that's not even what you own at all. But I mean, it's so bad. I got, I almost got out because I was pulling out my wallet and they went, lemme be a man, You know? But I, I literally got out like chill. Yeah. Like sit back and relax and chill all over what you, like I said covered. Okay. Soft place to land in totality. You're covered.


That's what I wish for you. You, my next question is, how do you protect your mental health during and after the breakup? Oof. Listen, alcohol was a good coping, alcohol and traveling where my, let me tell, first of all, lemme say when Andre and I broke up for that, that time, I mean, I had, I was definitely a little wino, You know what I mean? And I was working in a restaurant at the time and they gave us free wine. I was just sizzled just all the damn, like I was really in my feelings, fully drinking my feelings.


And I did go to church a lot. I went to church a lot. And then I went home and I was on that bottle and it took me, my best friend. She used to leave me notes on the fridge. Like, it's okay, you're gonna find love again. The sun comes out, girl. I was so, ooh, I was so pathetic. Ugh girl. I was a mess. An absolute mess. It was, it was horrendous. It really was. So, but I got over it. It, it took about six months. I ain't gonna lie. It took about six to eight. It took a little while. Goodness. It took afterwards. It's a, it took, it took me a while.


Wait, December, January, it took me about three and a half months. That's it. I'm kidding. Three. And I mean, I'm not fully over. Of course. I mean, You know, you still have your moment. It's like, damn. Like this shit is real. Yeah. But you also, not one of them to sit around and cry anyway. But, You know, I'm a water bag. I'll cry like that. So it's, it's totally different. Like, You know, I wouldn't expect for you to be sitting around and your PJ's in the fetal position for six months, but I'm Oh no. The only time it it hits me is when the kids get involved. Yeah. That's when it's, but shit, we got our own group chat. We planted trips and everything.


So it is like you, the picture, like the kids, they were so sweet. They told me, the oldest one told me, I don't care what what they got going on over there, but we still family. Aw. They was talking to like the kids, talking to each other. And I was just, I share, I'm like, I love like the bun that they have. It's just beautiful family. And they we're, I still got the pictures. All pictures. Y'all s me. You know what I mean? But I, I can say that when he and I broke up, we didn't have any kids. So it felt very final. It felt very, I'm never going to see this person ever again. And he lived 15 minutes away. And would you believe the four year and a half? I never saw him anywhere.


We lived, he lived in Hollywood. I lived in West Hollywood. We never saw each other ever. Like, ever. And that was by design. 'cause the Lord knew if he would've seen me in the streets, bitch my knees would've buzzled. I would've been in shambles. I was a mess. It would've been bad. But it did take a toll on my mental health. But it was also so necessary. I think that going through that stuff, those emotions that's just necessary for you just as a, as a woman, I'm sure as a person, I don't, I can't really speak for men, but as a woman, you gotta go through that stuff because it, it just adds a different layer to who you are. Like, it just, it changes you. You become so introspective. If you're not introspective and you don't change your mentality after a breakup like that, You know, from a serious relationship, a marriage or whatever, then you just didn't, you didn't do the work.


Like I used to always think it was a red flag where like, I meet a guy and he's talking about his ex or he can take no, no responsibility for what happened in his relationship. Everything is her fault. Everything was, I'm like, damn, it ain't change you at all. You can't take no credit. You ain't did nothing wrong. Okay. That's a big red flag. When, when a man is talking to, or, or even a woman, like just talking about everything was their fault, their fault, their fault. And there was no accountability on your end. That is a red flag. And the next person should be aware of that. But You know what, they tend to do the, the new person, what they tend to do is start hating the, the ex when they don't even know what the situation is.


And it's, it's sad, but I always, when I'm, You know, getting into something or even when I'm getting out, out of something, I don't speak on my previous relationship. I, I never speak negative in regards to it. There's nothing that you need to know about what happened with us, but where I was getting at. But you should, you should pay attention to that. And when, if somebody comes to me about, in regards to what they ex did or why they relationship didn't last, my question is, what was your problem? What did you do wrong? What was your problem? Exactly. It it can't be all the the other person. It never is. It never is. But then that's when You know, you're dealing with a man child who can't take accountability for anything.


And who's probably emotionally avoidant because he is just firing off about this woman who's somewhat living her life. That's yeah, that's true. You gotta be careful out there, friend scammers, andro, pasta. You gotta be careful. That's why, that's why I'm just enjoying life. I'm not getting into any relationships, You know, I'm just gonna Yeah. And travel and vacate. Don't just travel regularly. You travel like this. Ooh, traveling. I'm using my passport because I'm fancy. I'm fancy. I'm go get another passport because I run outta pages. Oh my God, I cannot deal with you Humble Baddies.


Is it? I can't deal with you right now. Let me stop. Okay. Question. Have you ever lost yourself in a relationship? And how did you find your weight back? Still lost. Still fighting it. I'm kidding. No. Yes. Yes I have. And it's easy to do when you're dealing with somebody who is, has a large presence, a high profile individual. I will say that, that being a mom, I lost myself in that. And then I came back and then I lost it again. And then I came back.


You know what I mean? Like that, that happened easier than the the relationship thing. But I just feel like that's easy to happen with anybody, with any woman, no matter what kind of guy you're dating is because we're just like, we're hardwired to get love and to sacrifice. You know what I mean? Like that's just, we just always end up on that side up. And if you're not careful, you end up giving a little bit too much. And it's not like the person is on the receiving end saying, okay, now you're giving me too. Stop, stop. No, they're, You know, they love it. They ain't like you. They're just taking it. They're just taking it. And women are just, we're natural, You know, nurturers, natural pleasers.


Like, so we end up, You know, doing things that the guy likes. Taking on his hobbies, taking on his lingo, You know, dressing a certain way because he thinks it's cute wearing our hair. Like it starts like little shit. It'd be like, look thick. And you look be like, well damn, who was this? Who I, You know what I mean? I think it happens. I don't know any woman that it hasn't happened to, honestly. Not my friends. I think it's happened to all of us. It has. And I, I can say this, I actually had a long call. So one of my Joanna, You know, we, she was holding it down for me when I was going through everything and I felt like I lost myself, like towards the end of my relationship.


And then the transition out of it, like, I basically shut down when it came to my business. And I have so much stuff lined up and it's like, girl, you weren't, you was that girl before this relationship. Like, snap your ass back out there because you got so much like God has blessed you with so many opportunities. And it took my two close friends and my business partner to say, listen, we've been holding it down, it's time to get your stuff back together. Like I had accountability partners and I, I'm truly blessed for my friend Joanna and Christina because they, they pulled me back in like, look what you built. You had all this before Chad. Like, get yourself together.


You have so many people looking up for you. You about you a whole developer, you about to build town homes, something that, You know a lot of women have are not, You know, into, are not doing. Yeah. Like so many people look up to you. Get yourself together and, and let's get back on it. So, yeah. But to be fair, I had you were in the OCHO bubble. Yeah. You know what I mean? I was on in the ocho bubble, like ocho and real go up to be a, that was a thing, You know what I mean? And when you in the bubble, it's just safe, it's warm, you got snacks, it's nice in the bubble, You know what I mean? It's comfortable is your man, like it's, you was in the ultra. It's okay. It's okay. And it, and it's hard to like pull out of it and adat to get your identity back by yourself.


It, I'm not gonna lie, I ain't gonna say sit here and say, You know, I, I was holding it down by myself when I, I was comfortable. I was safe. It was, it was peace during that time. Yeah. But then when it was time to transition, now I, and get back, it was hard as, hey, I had to my friend, I'm, thank God I have great accountability. Felt you had so much to pick up, You know, know what I mean? It was just like, it, it, it almost like it stacked up too much on you. You know what I mean? So, I mean, you got the back. Are you doing your thing? You right up to Jaw and Christina. Yes, my girl told me. So the next, did your friend group support your decision to leave or did you feel judged or staying too long?


Ooh, I never feel judged for doing nothing. 'cause all my homegirls going through the same shit. That's the thing. Like nobody can judge anyone when it comes to a relationship because they go through the same stuff when they're in those shoes. That's why I don't understand why people be out here yapping and typing up on Instagram when they out hear, oh, he cheated on you, your man over there cheating right now. Ain't you tight as you tight? Oh ain't your car. They did this with no money. Like stop it, cut it out because I'm gonna tell you this, I have not, I have not dated a lot of men with money.


I will say unfortunately, I used to have an affinity for broke. Nigga, lemme start. Wait, wait, hold on. I did though this is true. Not proud of it, but I did. I'm just a love is love. Like you just, you make me happy. This is great. Oh my God, your jobless. Wait, how? Look at how creative you are. Like I was like, what? Just he used to drive your car, bro. You know how many of the, now listen, no, what the point is whether they got, whether they coin up or he worked at the post office or he worked at the Hooters or the Hurts or the enterprise, they gonna do what they do.


You understand what I'm saying? Like, it's not like this one, don't do it more because he has this and this one don't. No. If, if it's seeing you to do that, if you have no self-control, if you have no discipline, you gonna cheat and you gonna be raggedy. It really doesn't matter. You know what I mean? So it's just like when they see, You know, women going through things or like, You know, they make assumptions about you and Chad and make assumptions about Keda and, and oh wait, I thought he was gonna do this. And he like, girl hush. You getting cheated on, he's dropped and you come on now. Like, let's, let's keep it cute. So no, I don't ever feel judged by anything.


'cause I mean, the previous relationship, I call it our previous relationship when it was giving Situationship and we were just immature and back and forth and doing all of that mess. Like, I never felt judged about any of that because I, I was going through the same stuff everybody else was going through, but just on a different scale, You know, my makeups was a little bit better than everybody else. Makeups, You know, I got vacations, but bitch, I was still crying. Right. It's still the same. You was crying in that Bentley in a race. But yes, there were tears period. There were tears. No. Yeah, but You know what, that year and a half fixed us right on up.


And now y'all solid beautifully. Yep. I play them games. Give a little advice for women navigating toxic breakup. Here's some advice. Don't see closure from chaos. You may never get the apology, the clarity or the explanation. Create your own peace. Reclaim your narrative. You are not the worst thing someone did to you. Reframe your story with power and compassion. Let me tell you how bad I am at breakups and I'm gonna tell you why I'm bad at breakups. And it could be, I heard this is like a Scorpio trick, but I don't SI heard that there are people when they go through breakups, some of them are just really impatient.


And I'm one of those people, like in my mind, if I wanna break up with you, I've already thought about it and I, it's, this is months in the making. I've been like, I cannot deal with this shit. Like, you are irking me, bro. Like, I wanna break up. So by the time I come to you and I tell you I wanna break up, it's like news to you. But then if you give me too much, I'm like, oh my God, did you hear me? I'm done. Like, I just get so impatient and kind of, kind of bitchy and I'm not good at breakups. I'm, I'm not good at them. I'm not good at them. I don't think. I've ain't never had no smooth, amicable, mature girl. All of my breakups was childish.


Every last one of them. Think my, my breakup was childish too. It was a little childish. I gonna, it was a little childish. You have little internet tussle. Oh, Okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one, the old s sent back and degree listen. And that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og cool rush for yourself.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. Many clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi di.com.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.