
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley. Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all, welcome back. It's the Humble Bats podcast. I am your girl. Ashley. Nicole. I'm Alexis. And I'm Alexis Welsh. And we are the humble, what's up y'all? Hey, chilling. I just, You know, just glowing, glowing on this beautiful Monday. You sure are glowing. I saw you at Serenity, you and French pilot out on the beach. Where y'alls at? Girl? We took a little trip Destination. I know. Secret location. Oh, cute.


That's my baby. Little mini. I love that. Yes, we had a little mommy daughter vacation. It was good. Okay. Okay. And I see Lexi glowing too. You know, my passport was just sitting on the shelf just a little bit lonely, And I needed some much, like some real relaxation and recalibration time. So I dipped to Jamaica and was just on the beach. Yes, yes. Getting to eat my fri my planting and my peas and rice and my fried cabbage and my whole snapper. So I've just been eating and, and living and relaxing, so I'm happy. I love that for y'all. I wasn't on nobody.


My chicken. You, you've been a chick mama. Chick mama. I've been, I've been a chicken mama. You know, they chicks grow so fast. Like they already big already. They're big already. Like they, you gotta hold 'em with two hands now. Mm. What a difference a week makes, like that's incredible. Yeah. So I'm getting them a little chicken coop built. Actually, it's a big chicken coop. Like, I can't wait. I was gonna say, I'm sure it's gonna be lit. I, I can't wait to see this. I'm doing the most, I'm doing the most of my love all we gotta, we gotta come check the chicks out. I love that. But speaking of chicks, let's talk about the side chicks.


Our side chicks. Not the side chick. Side chick. All right y'all, let's get into the realty in 2025. All right, so the side chicks ain't hiding. They letting it be known that they are side chicks. They keeping it real. They're posting their lavish lifestyles, hosting jet picks, Rolexes, their Chanel bags, their men's bags. They, they just showing, showing out. So do y'all think, but are they re really will, well tongue twist, but are they really winning? Do y'all think side chicks are winning? Is it, is it like a, a praise to be a side chick now?


I mean, I think they winning at something for sure. You know what I'm saying? If you out here, I mean hopefully if you a side chick, you one of the side chicks that's getting flown flu out and You know the benefits bags And you, You know, I hope you're not the side chick that's just having to lay on your back and that's it. You know what I'm saying? So I would say, You know, if that's what you choose to do And you are getting all that, then I would say you're a winning side chick. Now you winning out what, like relationship wise or, I don't know about that, but I feel like if you a side chick And you getting all them things, then yeah, I think you're doing good at being a side chick.


Kudos to you bitch. But you are Right. Stay on that level, but think is really winning because You know, like I know women eventually want what that want that wife status. They want the main, but maybe they don't. I feel like a lot of women these days don't see the value in being a main chick because they're like, why? Why would I be a main chick? Why do I, why would I subject myself to being with a man who maybe I think would cheat on me? Or why would I be with a man who I don't know, doesn't treat me as well, doesn't buy me things or whatever, You know, that those type of women, Like, You know what I mean?


Maybe they feel like it's a better situation to be the side piece. You know, I think nowadays, You know, being in a relationship, people just don't believe in it as much because of, You know, their past situations and You know, dating these days is hard. So like, you might as well just get, You know, flu out and bags and stuff and not even have to worry about having to keep this man happy. I look at it as temporary satisfaction. It is very much to say, here, here's some, here's some money or here's a badge just to status. Yeah. Just to satisfy your, your, your census for the moment.


But it's very much temporary. And it goes to show you that when you, You know, understand that you're a side chick, you also know that you're not first and you're not the main, You know, the, and and, And I, I do know there are women who accept less, but we gotta do better. You know what I mean? It's just, I wouldn't want the bare minimum. I don't want, I want the person that I'm, I don't think they're getting the bare, bare minimum. I think they're getting what they look, we're talking about materialistic stuff though. They're saying, I mean, to be the side. Like they, they know their role so I feel like they don't feel like they're missing out on something. I mean, there are people who know the role for sure. But what are you getting out of it?


Nothing except for something mono monetary or temporary satisfaction, nothing of value of substance, only monetary. And to me it is wack behavior. And you also really Like, You know, it's just really very much putting yourself in the position of that you are not the one. And to me, you getting that energy And you putting that into just the relationship. You can't question this man. You can't, You know, and then, and then low key, if you seeing them out or you see him, You know, he is not with you if he's not with you, he's with the other, the his wife or potential just his main partner who he's giving love to. But low key. I I posed the question though, like, do the people, like if you really are with somebody in a, like in a committed relationship, and then the side trick is, has like that hush mentality of not coming out.


Like do you all feel like it's almost like almost degrading of that woman to just be like, accept the bare minimum? Like, I mean, I know you said Ash a little bit, Like, You know, be good at being a side chick, but I feel like I believe in karma. I believe in all these different things that, You know, why are we accepting the bare minimum? So I just wanna, I'm just curious of what you guys' thoughts are on that, You know, of just really thinking that, You know, the, the, the guys can ex like think this is okay. I don't know. I just, I just feel some kind of way about it. I don't believe in this, I just wanna put that out there. I'm just trying to Oh, for sure.


From the perspective of, You know, women who don't mind being second or a sigh or whatever there, You know, I feel like outside of myself, I feel like there's some women, like Ashley said, who don't wanna just be tied down in a relationship because I, I know some women who, who are side chick and they are okay with being side chick. Do I agree with it? No, I do not. But of course the reasoning were they don't have to deal with the stress. They, they person take care of what they need to take care of. They come and go, they satisfy their needs and move on. It's no nothing more. They don't want nothing else to it.


They would rather let the main person deal with all the, the stress and and drama. Hmm. So it's like, so they accept a, a portion of the, of a man. They accept what, what they, they want and they continue on. So I don't know, I could not be no side chick. I'm just saying me either, like it's not my portion if You know, you gonna have to, no, it's some I'm brushing either. It's just nothing. Get nothing against those who choose to live that lifestyle, who want that lifestyle. There's nothing wrong with it because in some, some situations it's people who been married and they feel like it's cheaper to keep and their relationships are just just there.


Just because, and they have a whole nother thing going on. And I feel like men are not gonna leave their wives though for the side check. Like statistically I feel Like, You know, I guess if You know that's what your portion is gonna be, then like low key, you're just gonna always stay second. I mean I feel like over time there could be feelings attached. Obviously there you the hope of maybe I'm gonna be with this person later on. I don't know. It's just beyond disrespectful to me. So I don't know. It's just, And I could never be number two. And I think too, maybe it's a thing of like not, you're not a side chick, but you might be with a man who has just like a lot of women, You know what I mean?


That counts as a side chick too, right? Because you not a man. I think, I think if you are, if it's, if You know, like if y'all have this like a little conversation And you like, hey, You know, obviously You know, he's in a situation, he is like, yo, I am committed to this woman, You know, whatever, she's my main or we live together, we got kids together, whatever he's gonna come up with. I guess maybe he's given that, that the side chick the option to be number two. And knowing that, You know, if my wife calls you need to hush up if we're out or I'm gonna do family things or whatever the case may be. I just feel like they know what they're doing and they know their position. Yeah. You know, I think a lot of, I think there are like a lot of situations, situations, ships where people are out here, You know, with men and they know, You know, that they do things for other women, but they're, they would say like, that's not my man, that's not my boyfriend.


And he's, he doesn't have a a, a woman, but he's doing like those things for, for maybe her and somebody else. So I mean, I don't know. I feel like it's just interesting because You know, I feel like a lot of women these days don't care about, You know, if they're not looking for a man, like if they're not looking for their cousin, they would prefer a situationship where they get flu out, they get the bags, they get this, this and that. You know what I'm saying? That temporary fix, temporary, they're okay with that. They're okay. Then you got some side, okay, like, okay, well I don't got a man, but I do got this one.


Like pacifies it. Yeah. Then you got some quad chicks that turn into the so-called main chick and then now it's a new side chick. So it's like child, this is you, you 'em. That's so true. But I believe, I believe in karmic energy, You know what I mean? Like obviously the main chick, she probably don't even know what's going on. She don't know funds are leaving her household, the emotional attachments, the physical, the, all these things, You know? And I feel like most men in these situations, when they have a side check the, they pick the weaker women that are okay with this and just they know that they can throw some money off.


I mean to them it's always gonna be lower. I feel like they're men in the world who married a certain type of lady because they know they can have sidekicks. You know what I'm saying? Like I feel like rich men know how to pick a wife and sometimes the wife, You know, I think men think that like women are dumb and Like, You know, we don't see like their way like naive or something to that. Yeah. And I think some women play into it 'cause they like, fuck it. Yeah, I don't care. He if he has a side piece or whatever. As long as like my lifestyle is the life, You know, my lifestyle, You know what I'm saying?


So do y'all think that we have those and intentionally will, You know, be with a man who has a lot of money knowing that he's probably gonna have side chicks? I think the woman is more acceptable if the man has a lot of money. Like they'll deal with more of it than and know that, okay, this is what's going on. I've seen it several times. They said a lot of community too. Yeah. Religious, if you have the money, the funds, it ain't tricking if you got it, I guess. I dunno. I know, but would you, if you was in that, if, if you was in those shoes and he got all these women shit, the woman can have her side a socks piece.


I, I'm, I'm sure it is not going down. I'm sure it, it's never


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert came, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done the job properly. My dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Let Tom Brady and just saying, y'all think Tom had him some so pieces. Some Pieces. What? I feel like, I mean, I dunno, I don't know. I don't know about that. I didn't hear, I didn't about his side. No. You said what? Oh, don't think tone was Chino him. What's his side piece? I, we do not know. I don't know. I just can't be a side, a side check. I feel some kind of way about side checks and just because I feel like you are doing more harm than good and it's very selfish. But then I don't fault them as much as I felt whoever's in the relationship.


Especially if you hiding behind backs, you doing the dirty stuff, You know what I mean? It's just like Now you starting to put health in jeopardy, Now you starting to put financial strain and all these things and just that, that putting that energy of, You know, we're sneaking around behind the main situation. But we have seen where people are very much anybody can happen like you, you don't know can happen. Like more kids can come about of course anyway, like anything can happen. So you just yep. You playing with fire. So that's side chick mistress type of thing. And I don't feel like they're being elevated. So like I know we have fans that are all ages. I don't think they're being elevated.


I think it's just very show what I got on the gram, You know, but you can't even show him on like a picture or whatever. You could show the stack or you could show the new bag that came out, but there's more to that, You know what I mean? It's just like, but that bag is not going warm me up at night. It's not gonna answer that phone call if you have an emergency either. You know what I mean? You're just not the priority. So what's your value? So, And we normalize being the side chick because relationships are failing. Oh no, it's not normalizing it.


I, I don't think it's normalizing, but like I said, it might be easier, You know, if you come coming from a relationship where you got hurt or cheated on or whatever, or didn't work out for whatever reason, it might be easier to, to just decide like, oh well I'm gonna mess with this man. Like I can get what I want from him or whatever. You know, it, I feel like it just appeases, it's to some, to some women in some situations, You know what I mean? I don't know. But I don't think it's normalized. I don't think nobody deep down inside wants to beat a side chick. Yeah, I definitely, I just came out of a relationship And I definitely ain't about to jump into nothing being no damn side chick that's not working.


No, I'm not even hollering at you. If you got a person, like, I don't even want that energy. Yeah. I don't need nobody, You know, hitting me up on the side like, yo, you dealing with my man. Yeah, I don't want, I don't want no smoke with that. It's not for me. So if a man is paying bills, flying you out and keeping it honest, is that toxic or transactional? Say that again? I said if a man is paying bills flying you out and keeping it honest, he got a woman. Is that toxic or transactional? Both. Yep.


Both. It's very much toxic because I'm just, You know, paying for you to hush and really stay on the side, not be elevated very much. Stay stagnant and very toxic because that energy again, You know, let me be financially, You know, manipulating you low key, You know, or make it not toxic since he's keeping it real. What if he's keeping it honest and he's Like, You know what, I'm married but I'm not happy. You know, my wife does not give me sex And I just, You know, I respect her and everything, but I just wanna fulfill my needs and this is what I'll do for you in exchange for this.


Yeah, it's both. It's both. Yeah. My pH between my, let me tell you something. For me to get some kind of disease or some kind of whatever is not worth my health. He is not sleeping with no one else. He, he chose, he, he's gonna, You know, his wife ain't giving him the sex and he chose, he was like, okay, I'm gonna still married another partner. A sexual, a partner still married, still attached. Yeah, I mean I just feel like the whole transactional thing, it appeals to a lot of women these days. Like I feel like they would rather that situation over having nothing and over having a chance that this man is, they think they're gonna get hurt again.


You know what I mean? I feel like it's not that it's normalized, it's just, it appeals to a lot of women these days because dating, the dating game is, is crazy out there. It'd be very transactional and very toxic. Like I might as well, I might as well get a bag. I might as well get flu out. I hope you getting flu out on the, And you getting everything, your bills paid, all of that. And you hope don't be out here doing all that. Please, Lord, please nothing. Not a big, not for nothing. I'm saying it's better, but it's just like, girl, we gonna be out here doing all that.


I don't wanna go. I at least get the black bill paid something. Light bill. Okay. Car note, light bill, rent food out for me. The world. See the world. I ain't having it. Nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm not risking making sure my kids go to school every morning. My health, my mental, none of that. Nope. Not for me. And being married, I, I wasn't playing that. You know, that's not fun. Who wants to be dealing with that? You know? And now being like dating and, and when you talk to people And you wanna lock it in, I'm still not dealing with that.


We can have very much open conversation. What if you dating and they wanna date other people, then we can break up and not be together. We can all, we can all go date other people. Now you just saying you believe in dating multiple people between up, I mean no, now we locked in. That's different. Okay. If we had, again, I, And I said this too, if we had the conversation of hey we're being exclusive, this is what it is, then I'm down for that. But if you are Like, You know, let's be exclusive, but You know, I still might dibble and dabble here and there, then you're not exclusive with me. Yeah. That's what we gotta clear up too because a lot of people, they was on our heads last week, Lex, about they sure were dating multiple guys, but it's not dating and having sex.


It's like, correct. Where aren't your options? Okay, I'm gonna go on a date with this guy. I just met this guy, I'm going to date. I'm not, I'm not intimate with them, but I have options that I can weigh out. Yeah. Just keeping an open mind because I'm trying to figure myself out too. Like who I wanna lock it down with because it's like really low key made the best man win. You know, like, 'cause I know whoever I'm gonna end up with, I'm elevating their life. So it's gonna take some time. I get to, I need to know what's going on. I need to know who your people are. I need to know how you, You know, treat others. So to me, I wanna know who you are because we can only if you're compatible. Yeah. Because you get a representative at the first, You know, first few months, the first everything's fun and all this, that flowers the baby.


Yeah. They thinking, yeah, I didn't know what was going on telling that thank you. Like what the hell I got myself. Yeah. So that's dating. And if, and if somebody asked me like, Hey, are you dating other people? I would be very honest with them. I wouldn't keep it from them. But that doesn't mean I'm being intimate with everyone. I'm really just, I'm going to have a coffee, I'm going to go to dinner. Like, it's good to have conversations and I'm not with anyone to be like thinking I'm being sneaky or think, You know, any of that kind of stuff. I'm very much grown and can very much communicate and verbalize what's going on. So if I wanna ask, I will. But see, that's the thing and that's why I, where I feel like relationships fail and because we feel like we only can go out on a date.


We go out on a date with one person And we feel like we have to just lock in. Yeah. That's what well miss. Especially these men, they misunderstood what we Yeah, they did talking about, it's like I want to weigh out my options. Know I'm not having sex with all these guys. Know I'm not intimately involved with all these guys. Right. I just way out, way out my options to see if we're compatible and if we're not, we're not, we can move on. It's nothing serious. It's okay to go go on a date. Correct. Get to know each other. Correct. If we, if we're vibing, we're vibing. If not move on. I'm gonna go on another date with this person. See how it is. That's right. There's nothing wrong with that. Especially when you're at an age where You know what you're looking for and You know what you want.


Correct. And not settling, You know better. You do better. You know, that's the whole point of dating. It's just like dating like you want to date. I know men just can't handle it. They just can't handle, You know, women doing what men do anyway. So, but what even done what they doing, they out here. But, but the, but the thing is they were really pair if y'all wanted to, y'all could like, y'all are grown and suck. If y'all wanted to go out here and have sex with whoever you wanna have sex with, you could. It's just like the double standard, standard of dating and the double standard with men and women. Like, You know, men just can't handle a woman doing what they do. You know what I'm saying? Like, it just, it is what it is.


Well really verbalizing it. Just saying, Hey, I'm dating other people and it's not just you. Yeah. They can't, they don't need be on your top of your game. Always. Double standards. I mean, if y'all wanted to go have sex with people, like, okay, that's why you ain't going never be married. That's why you the book Absolutely could do that. So y'all even just having to like correct that. It's just like y'all have to do all that because y'all are grown as fuck. Y'all can do what y'all wanna do. Y'all can have sex with. You wanna have sex So can absolutely. They gonna be on a date. It's just, they're mad because men and their egos just cannot handle it. That's point blank period. Right.


All it is. And we were just being honest. Well we, we, we about to start dating lick time to start getting going out And we, we gonna do the speed dating. Remember arm, y'all gonna do a speed dating for me? Do speed dating. I think we should do it on like IG live, You know, like have people hop on the live like a quick like pop. Yeah. Oh yes. Like interactions vet these. Has that ever been done? Huh? How we gonna, how we gonna like vet these people? How y'all gonna vet these people? How, what we gonna do?


I mean this is just a, You know, I don't know. We're, we're experimenting here. Okay. We're experimenting. We'll, we'll figure it all out. Don't worry. You just show up. You just be there And you find self and be ready. That's it. I can do that. I can do that. Period. T dating. I'm gonna credit up. Rotate. Rotate. Oh, we gonna click hang up next that. Oh, click hang up. Like who's next? Who's next? Who's next? Shoot your shot. I got, we got a better, we'll talk about it offline. What we going what we gonna take you to find your Oh love people gonna let me know that.


I don't know. We gonna go, okay. We're going to London. We going to London to find you. London Town. You know I heard short, I heard of some good prospects over there in London. We gotta go to all way. There ain't nothing over here. You don't want nothing over here. Damn. That's long way. They said we need to go get some fish and chips over there. Go to the London Bridge. Okay, go holler at go holler at the, the the the prince the so royalty over there. Yes. We gotta go when the money out. When money out.


I joking, but Shag gonna go crazy again now we gold diggers. 'cause we going over there where the money reside. Oh, y'all are Miss y'all. Is it love or temporary? Ooh, that's a good one y'all. It's what Love or temporary can be tattoo sports major debate. So Bambi from Loving Hip Hop revealed a fresh new tattoo. Her fiance's rave faces named Boldly Ink on her body. Talk about taking things to the next level. Do y'all think she took things to the next level by tattoo on her fiance's name on her?


But then they get eng They're engaged now. Yeah. Fiance, right? Yeah. Okay. I mean I it tap my name so I know it's real. I don't know. I mean, I like a two for one too. Like if you get me then You know, I, I might get like a, a timestamp. I believe in time stamp. Oh, what's that? What I can't really read. I don't even know what to say now. It look like it. It's what? Say it's about to be removed. I was about to say, You know, that's one thing about I saying you can get a rental, but you got one. Cover em up. You got somebody named of what?


You got somebody named on you? No, but I got, there's a few, there's my name's on a few. How about that period? I'm okay now. I'm about to remove a lot of my tattoos though. I'm about to remove. I wanna, don't nobody love me. I ain't got nobody got they name. Don't got his name. No, but I have my kids. I mean, I feel names up though. I'm person. I don't have no tattoos. Actually. I like that shirt. Girl. Lemme see the shirt. That's right. Okay. Oh, breathing for a squad. Breathing. You know what I'm saying? We all are family. I see you Reding. Thank you. We got stay humble.


We sure do. Yeah. But yeah, I cat I'm into that and that's gonna be her whole husband. I think that's a good like, expression of love and like how to show your love for somebody. You know? I think as long as you do it And you smart about it. 'cause I feel like back in the day, like in high school, a lot of my friends got they little boyfriends on them. You know, like that wasn't smart. No trap stamp. Exactly. Like, oh, I'm, I never got the trap stamp, but I got the th tattoo Tattoo.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert King. I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly. My dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


What's wrong with that face? I, I don't like, like if I, that's why I tell my daughters them now wait until you become older and mature before you start getting tattoos. Because I regret getting tattoos. All of them. All of them. Damn. I don't, I have four. I have about 14 tattoos, y'all. But the way I tell my kids is be very strategic about it. 'cause I'm like, if you're in my personal space or Like, You know, more on an intimate level, then you can see them. They're all over. You know what I mean? So I don't have, I, I could wear a gown and it's like, won't be like this, You know? So they're like hidden in different ways and they mean different things.


But I'm all for timestamps, You know? I don't mind like, but it can be, it can be like a little anchor 'cause y'all like to go, You know, fishing or something. I don't know. I mean, there's other things to do, but this is her whole fiance. So I think it's cute. Whatever. She's into tats. I mean, she probably got her other ex ex-husband on there too, You know? Okay. Or maybe crossed off or whatever. I mean, who knows. That might be her thing. But You know. Ashley, would you tat feel name on you? Yeah, I think I would. I think I would. I think you do. I think it's good. Not, not yet. Not yet. Hold on, wait a minute.


Hold on. I feel like, yeah, I would, but I'm not, tattoos ain't really my thing yet And I wanna be like moved to do it. Like, You know, I wanna feel like yeah, do, because I'm a very like, impulsive person. I'm a very like, so I wanna feel it. Like I don't, like we was in Be Bell Harbor and she was like, come on, let's go get a tattoo. I'm like, bitch. Yeah. A piercing. Yeah. So I was like, let's go get a a piercing. Yeah. I'm like, now I'm here. I'm here for it. So you'll get a piercing over the cat? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. If I wasn't in the Army, I would've had all kind of piercings going on. They was mad. I had my nose pierced twice and they kept trying to make me take it out.


I was wearing it when I wasn't supposed to in uniform. Oh, y'all can't wear it. I had all these piercings. They kept making me take it out. But anyways, I would, I'm thinking maybe for like a special anniversary or something Like, You know, so That's cute. I would definitely, I have a girlfriend who has her husband's like, he signs like a, a letter just right behind her ear. Just like right there. Tiny. Yeah. Has no other tattoos. Small and cute. But like Phil doesn't have tattoos either. Like, so I don't even know if he, he would look at it and be Like, You know what he Oh, Phil don't have not one tattoo. No, he don't have not one tattoo.


Wow. So I would be very upset if I got it. And then he looked at it and then he back out like, Uhuh don't like it. You know, like why you do that? You know? Yeah. Well, I mean, I understand what you're saying because I'm thinking like, think about the, the ladies who are getting the, the faces tattooed on their, on their face. Like a whole portrait. Yeah. No, that's a bit much. I don't think that's smart. That's just done period. I don't care for the rest of life. Chan the Eternity bitch. Uhuh, what's her name? Is it Chan's? About she has a lot of them too. Of her guy ever.


Like why mess up a whole beautiful face and put a whole man who not Phil, in the chat time, I get my name tatted so he know it's real. First of all, you go first, y'all go together. He's scary. It's scary. Soon as they pull out that needle, soon as he hear hurts, he ain't gonna do it. I'm telling you, it doesn't hurt. Guess so. Numb and cream. It's it, I'm ready to get my next one. He's scared the needles, he a punk and it's not gonna happen. Z You know, Z bro, you gonna let Ashley talk to you like that. Now you gotta point to prove go get that, get put it right here.


That is funny. But anyways, if y'all wanna go get a, I'm gonna go get a Pearson anytime. If you don't, I used to have shit he had, if you start dating a guy, he had his ex tattooed on him. What are you doing? Mm Whatcha I mean, if this getting serious, especially if he has like a lot of other tasks, I would like, it's time to go get that covered up. Like why, why wouldn't you want to go get it covered up? No. No, I don't think, I don't know. Again, I feel like it's a timestamp. So if that was somebody that you were rocking with, then like, I don't think it'd bother me.


It didn't bother me. I don't think it would had a feeling. It just depends on maybe where it is. I don't wanna see it. If we, especially if we get married and this is the only body I'm finna see for the rest of my life. Oh yeah. Fun to get that. If we getting married, baby all they names off, I don't need to see that every time. Uhuh, Uhuh, I don't wanna see it. Yeah, no, you about to, you about to start doing some foreplay And you running, you bump into the name. So yeah, no, I was say I wondering where, where and now. Depends on where it is. Like if it's right above Like, You know, certain areas and it's like the name that says talking about hers or something, You know, this is my one body and do whatever too for the rest of my life.


Cover it up. Cover it up. No. Burn it off. Something good. Cut it off. You make a good point. Agreed. I thought a lot of arguments have started because of previous tattoos, like getting into new relations. Mm, really? Yeah. A lot of people can't accept that having old, old names, You know, exes names on them. A lot of people can't. I mean, I under, I mean, I feel Like, You know, if it's like a previous marriage or long, like, I don't know. But once you're, I just feel like once you're in a deep, deep, long committed relationship, at some point you should, I think probably cover it up.


Like that's a I outta respect. Yeah, that's true. Hmm. I don't think going into a relationship you should be like, automatically. All right. Cover that bitch name up. You know, that might be a bit too much Hulu. Yeah. Yeah. But on those frogger, Michelle? Well, I have a tattoo on my ring finger And I wouldn't cover it up. What, what does that text symbol when I get married? What did it symbolize? Like when I got married, what is it? A date? It's a, a Roman numeral 12. Well, yeah, symbol matching.


You know, that's your like marriage and like that's a part of your life. Like, I, I get that, You know what I mean? But how would you feel if name like Keisha, Keisha? You know, like, I think that's a bit much. I don't know. I don't know. I I mean I think it's the name. If, if, if I have to see it, I feel, I think I feel some kind of way. But like, if he has a, like even a face, I don't know if I wanna see a face, that would be weird. But like the numeral I would, it's just a part of a time, You know? And then that's it.


But I mean, it's red, red ink. I have a lot, a few red tattoos. But it can get, it can get covered up. You know, it's, they asked well, do y'all think it's a red flag if somebody asks you to get their name tatted on you? No, I don't think it's a red flag if it's bothering them that much. But that's, if we locked in and if we about to, we, we, we together, together. Not just anybody I'm dealing with. What? No one's asked me to get their name tattooed on me. Like if I don't wanna, yeah. Like I don't want nobody to ask to do it. Don't ask me to get your name because that's like you want Yeah, like a name tag.


Like you Yeah. Like you own me, like you own me. Like, yeah. I don't know. That's a little, I don't like that. I don't like that either. Don't ask me to do it. I wanna put it should definitely be mutually, You know, consensual for sure. Yeah. But don't I feel Like, You know, we can go together. Together. It make me not wanna get it. 'cause why is you asking me to? No, let me do it because I want to do it. Exactly. I think. Yeah, me too. I like once. Yeah. Well I think, You know, BeMe wanted to get her test of her fiance. So here we are. Well, well we gonna form of expression.


It, it lasts because then you don't wanna be looking like you good old sister over him. No, I wish there nothing. You right there too. You can really see. I know you can see it. Oh, what you gonna do with yours? Sharelle? You keeping it? Yeah. I was just about to ask Ash. I don't know. I haven't decided it, it, it's not my to-do list. Okay. Okay. So, but if you, well, at least it's an option because nowadays you can get them removed and everything too. So yours is little or turn into something?


No, I think I, if I do, if I did do something between covering up or removing, I probably would remove. Yeah. 'cause you said you don't like any of your tattoo at this point. I don't. That's true. Zero. Not even one. I'm past that stage y'all. What are, what are your tattoos of? What are the rest of them? I have a, a lotus flower on my, my thigh. I have a coverup. I snuck and got a tattoo when I was, when I was 16. The first tattoo was a little playboy. A little playboy bunny. 'cause I went to hide it because I snuck and got it.


And then when I, I was like, what the hell am I doing with a Playboy bunny? Like, I didn't even know the true meaning of a Playboy bunny. So they get covered up with another flower. Okay. You like flowers like that? Yeah. Well because I mean, you getting it or that Honestly, that's why I have never gotten a tattoo. 'cause I'm like, I don't even like nothing enough like that to even get it. That, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like flowers. I have my kids name on my back. I have my todi sign on my, the paper of my neck. And I have a big tattoo on my stomach. Of what? Flowers. So you like flowers? She like flowers.


But I don't, that's the thing. Like, mine are all over. I got the kid, I got a little heart. That's my first, my latest one. I don't my Hebrew name. They're all over the place. Like, I want something that means something. But that's like, you gotta ask me to know what it is. Like I don't want it to be like, what got a flower? I don't, I I need them to be like, what is that? What do that mean? Like, it's a story, but I ain't got nothing. I don't have anything like, but but see all my stuff was young. So it's like I did it because I was in the middle. Yeah. You know, everybody, it was, everybody had tattoos And you was that, You know, you was a, you had tattoos.


Like it was just go get 'em. It was a tattoo shop on every, everywhere. Yeah. I definitely with my friends to get they tattoos And I don't know, I just couldn't make up my mind. But see that's good. I, I have a list. I, I have a ongoing list of potential tattoos that you want. What do you want? What's your next tattoo? I wanna, I wanna get an outlet of the, the world. And then I wanna, I think I'm gonna end up doing some like, tallies of all the countries I've been to and gonna grow that I'm gonna do a phoenix. I got all kinds of stuff.


But I'm, I'm gonna have 'em to wear like if you see, see me standing up straight, you, you won't really see 'em. 'cause I mean, they're, mine are all over the place. See, I feel like I would see a girl who would wanna a whole sleeve. You know what I'm saying? Like, I just don't know. Yeah. On that sleeve, huh? And me and finding the right artist. Right. I would see all that stuff. I, I could still see me with a sleeve, You know what I'm saying? I could see you with a sleeve though. Low key. Not with a sleeve ash. But don't get it. Don't I just, yeah, no. If I was a tattoo girl, that would be me. I just, You know. Yeah. I feel like I could see you with a sleeve too. I would do that shit. Yeah. Mine are sporadic.


It's like hide and seek over here. This is like whatever. Okay. Hide and seek. Yeah, that's right. But did y'all see damn, these text? I didn't, I didn't see it. Lemme see if I can find it. I, no. Was it just like a name? Was it a signature, a symbol? I don't. Okay. Well, You know, you just hope somebody's locked in all the way to where you keep it going And you, you gotta then, now did he get hers or no? Do we, I was gonna say, did, did he get hers? I don't know but probably so. But You know Ben, I don't know who her, her fiance is, but we wish them the best.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley. Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I.