Bone Valley (2s):
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley. Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley Season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

0 (39s):
Yes. Okay. We, we gotta, we got phone And we gotta talk about it. Okay. About it, because it's been all the blog time. What reality TV or real life trauma has reality gone too far for rating? What would've been the, what was in the blogs in regards to On Bravo. The Real Housewives. That's Atlanta Real Housewives. Yes. So I actually know Brittany, Edie and Kenya Moore because, You know, so yeah, they see, okay. Yeah. And I, I was so happy to see that Brittany got casted on this season.

0 (1m 22s):
'cause I, I'm a big fan of Real Housewives of Atlanta, And I love all the ladies. I love the show. And I, but I did think like they needed like, some new girls. So I was really excited to see Brittany on there. She's like newly married. She's a beautiful girl. She's been on like music videos. Hmm. But she also owns her own insurance company. And so, You know, I thought she was like a great addition to the show. And then while they were filming, it came out that they had this scene where Kenia made these poster boards and had pictures of Britney doing some, You know, sexual acts.

0 (2m 9s):
You know, and this was, I guess to get back at her for whatever shade that Brittany had thrown at her previously. They said that Brittany had, allegedly Brittany had threatened Kenia to shoot Kenya or something. Yeah. We gonna pull her gun. Something in gun. Yeah. She said she had a, a gun on her. So I haven't seen the episode yet. I need to go catch up. I don't think the part was shown, but Kenya did. A few people think I did see a clip. They showed a clip of Brittany saying something about a gun. Like she said something about a gun. But, so the next episode, I guess is when Kenya like addresses it And I guess, You know, is trying to like, embarrass her and, You know, basically, You know, shame her or whatever.

0 (2m 54s):
But this is like Brittany is trying to apologize and Kenya's not having, and she just shows all these pictures and the rest of the cast doesn't agree, like revenge porn. Yes. So the rest of the cast immediately is like, no, this is too far. I don't even wanna be here filming anymore. And then they leave the event. The, the event was actually for Kenya. Kenya was, it was like her opening of her hair salon. And literally she used this moment, You know, she was talking about how she's been, You know, working on Kenya Moore hair care for all this time. And then she actually starts talking about Brittany and everybody's just like, why would you use this moment?

0 (3m 37s):
Why would you ruin your own moment by showing porn? Or Right. Basically showing porn or whatever. So the rest of the cast was just very upset that Ken chose to go this route. They felt like this was beneath her, You know? 'cause she's the og Kenya's been on for, I don't know, like she is, she is one of the stars of the, of the show. I just feel Like You know her the longest. No. Yes. I just feel, I just feel like it's a time and a place for everything. It should have been dead. That's, and this the thing with reality tv, You know, we did reality TV when the whole, because it happened on our, somebody mentioned a gun when, when we were filming, y'all remember that.

0 (4m 20s):
Right. We put a stop to it. We, we reported it. We, You know, we said we, we needed to say, but I felt like they should have production should have stepped in before e It even got to that point to allow someone, because once you, once things like that happen And you say something or you threaten someone, someone else can go to the far furthest extinct because they are, You know, emotionally hurt. They're, they're pissed, they're mad. So they wanna retaliate. So I feel Like, You know, with production, it should have been dead in the beginning. You mean after Brittany said what she said they should have, they should.

0 (5m 1s):
Britney. They should they, I feel like there should have been, if, if it was any type of threat, gun violence is just as bad. It's not. Right. So after Kenya, I just wanna mention, after Kenya showed the revenge porn, Bravo stopped filming with her. Like they decided to like basically take her off the show. Yeah. And so there's a lot of uproar right now. Word. Yeah. Because, You know, they took her off the show, but You know, I'm sure it's in the contract talking about having a gun. And so they're like, why not, You know, take her off the show or stop filming with her when she's the one who made those threats.

0 (5m 41s):
So Terrell, you were saying that they should have stopped filming when Brittany first said what she said. I feel like something should have been done on that that end too. Because it's like, this is, I mean, gun violence is just as, as bad as revenge porn. They're both bad things. So it's like, either you're gonna, you're gonna, you need to penalize us both. Yeah. Or, or y'all should have put a thought in the beginning. It's, it's not right. Yeah, it's not right no matter what, especially for two beautiful, successful black women, but Right. When you're gonna penalize someone, I, I feel like both should have had some type of accountability when it came to, to the punishment.

0 (6m 24s):
I agree. I don't like how production when they step in, You know, like, like you said, Sharelle. I think it has to be the same across the board. I also think it's their fault the way that the cast feels like they have to say certain things or do certain things to make a viral moment, You know? Mm. You know, Brittany is obviously new on the show, so maybe she felt like she needed to do the most, You know what I mean? Maybe, You know, she got, she was angry and just said something, whatever the case is. But I do think that these shows in production, And I can speak because I've been on a reality show.

0 (7m 6s):
I do think they, there's pressure to perform. I do think there's pressure to make clean, You know what I mean? And so I think the messed up like situation to be in, I think production needs to set the tone across the board. Like, this is the show that we want, You know, this is what's allowed. This is what's not, this is what we'll tolerate. This is what we want. And that way it's even a even skill across the, across the board. You know what I mean? As far as what the punishment will be if you do X, Y, and Z. Like everybody knows. And then everybody gets treated the same as well. And also nobody gets hurt because the pressure that they put on us to perform.

0 (7m 52s):
It's, it's a lot. And you wanna do well. You want the show to do well. So like, And you damned if you do, you're damned if you don't. Yeah. And that's a messed up position to feel, You know, to be in. It sucks. Yeah. It sucks. It had to go this far, that far. You know, they all played a, a great role on the show. I like Kenya because she's very extra on the show. It's doing amazing. She's beautiful on there. I just, You know, it sucks that it had to come to, but the thing with Kenya is also her, with her being the og, it's kind of like, girl, you didn't have to do all that. You know what I'm saying? You ain't have to do that. Like, you were still gonna be on top regardless.

0 (8m 32s):
You are the og. I agree. Save that for the newbies. Say let the newbies do the most. You know what I mean? It's like, you should know at this point in your career on this show, You know what I'm saying? What you need to do. You don't have to do that. Like be the og. I agree. Yes. Let the new be, and this is her event. Y'all said this is her finally her opening. I feel like her storyline has been Kenya Moore, haircare, the, the, You know, a lot of that, You know, of just like, really, like this is, I finally made it. I finally had my place, my beauty salon, whatever, and she's showing out. I don't, no, no. I don't know. That was not the time or the place for that. Yeah. The time, the place. But I, I feel like she just was retaliating too.

0 (9m 14s):
What happened to the threats and stuff. It's a sad situation. And You know, when them cameras are rolling. Yeah. People want clout. They want, You know, to be heard and seen and wanna sit on, like you said. Well, I think it's a lot like we, we face situations where we know what happens behind cameras and what's going on, and, and you're correct. You're frustrated, you're furious. You're not thinking straight, You know? Yeah. You angry. So sometime you, yeah, I mean, all human beings, we say and do things that we eventually later regret. But I just feel Like, You know, the punishment should have been equal across the board.

0 (9m 54s):
I agree. Yeah. Well the people are saying in the chat that the pics were already online, but I still don't think that makes it any better, You know? Oh. I still think that Kenya shouldn't have done that. And I, and You know what? And I wanna give Brittany, You know, the benefit of the doubt too. 'cause You know, you get on camera and like, and when you get upset, everything just feels heightened. You know what I mean? So she probably was just talking, You know what I mean? She was just angry and it just, that's what she said. I'm sure Ken, in the clip, the little clip that I saw, she didn't look afraid or threatened or whatever it, You know what I mean?

0 (10m 38s):
It didn't seem like an environment where Kenia thought she was about to get shot. You know what I mean? You could tell it was just they were arguing or talking shit. You know what I'm saying? So I feel like Kenya could have, even if she didn't wanna accept Brittany's apology, but taking her moment, her, her own event to get back at Brittany, who was a newbie, like that was really honestly like beneath you. You know what I'm saying? You didn't have to do that. Yeah. That's not a good thing. The threats, I don't know. It's just still not good. Especially with Dylan saying you have a weapon.

0 (11m 19s):
It says she hired, I don't like it. So maybe it's Kenya who felt threatened, You know? 'cause to do all that, to hire a private investigator to go who hired a private investigator? Kenia. She, she hired a private investigator to dig up information about Brittany and to find these. It's not that serious. Now, I'm not finna hire, I'm not about to hire no private investigator. That's what Kenya did. But that's what I'm saying. Ken, you the OG girl. Why you doing all that? You don't have to do all this. You don't have to. You do not have to do all of this. Yeah. I don't know. I'm disappointed you wanted to hurt her for sure.

0 (11m 59s):
But I'm just saying, not in my space. I'm not, I'm not gonna highlight somebody else at my event. I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. And now risking not being on the show, no one wants to film with you and all that too. So there you go. It was, yeah. But, but, but Bravo gotta do better I think at facts and judgment. You know, just, well, not just Bravo, just these reality shows and their productions in general. I think they need to do better at holding everybody accountable and having a standard and not putting pressure on a cast to do the most. Because it could get unsafe for real.

0 (12m 40s):
Like something really could. But I feel, I feel like, okay, they knew it was wrong. It's it's pre air, You know, Bravo fired, You know, apparently Kenya's not working, working on, I mean, being on Housewives anymore. If you it would, if it was that bad, which it was. Why still area? Hmm. Like y'all are just so when do we hold them accountable? The network. Yeah. Accountable. Because basically you're public publicly humiliating her humili still because you aired it, but you, you still fired the person who did it. So why air it? Because they gonna get what they need to get out of it regardless.

0 (13m 22s):
Correct. They don't care. They don't care about us for real. They just don't wanna get sued any further. So they gonna do a little something, You know what I'm saying? And make it seem like, oh, we got things under control over here And we don't tolerate that. You know? And maybe because Kenya been on for a long time, You know, maybe they like, well if we gotta pick one. Yeah. I don't know how they worked it out, but Yeah, I don't, I feel like they gonna get what they need to get out of it. They're gonna do just enough to get by so they don't get sued and looked at crazy. You know, they just covering themselves. That's it. But they don't care about the cast. These, these production companies, these shows, they don't care about the cast.

0 (14m 4s):
They on to the next show, You know? Yeah, yeah. It's their job. They're gonna find another girl. It just, it is what it is. It just, someone said they didn't show the pics. It's not about showing the pics. It's, it's the whole thing. So now you're basically, it's like they know what happened. Everybody can go and see, see the pics now, and now Google it. Go look it up. Right. And figure it out. Right. Yeah. But if, if it was, it was bad and it was the issue, why air that scene? Why not just delete that whole scene? Yeah, we're talking about it now and it has everyone in the uproar.

0 (14m 44s):
So maybe they'll bring Kenya back. Unfortunately, that's what it is. I hope they bring Kenya back. They need to bring Nene back. Nene is, Nene is the queen of reality baby. Yeah. They should bring Nimi back. They should have Kenya back. I wouldn't even mind seeing Kim back. Kim's on, see that No was the time with all her wigs Don, wig Kim them back. Don't be 30 for the party. Yeah. And Big Papa. Oh yeah. What happened to Big Pop? It, it's Croy. I, I think, but I think heard Croy. Yeah. But they be going through it. They done, they getting a divorce. They done have the longest divorce child.

0 (15m 25s):
They just be fighting on the internet and stuff. Make they house every, every other day. And the p and the police, they just be sitting there talking to the police and the police just be sitting there like, okay, well get your stuff, get your, it's, it's a lot that her, her Troy, he used to Bero used to be Phil's ex teammate when the other on Kins child was so bad for him. Insane. He looked old now he eight man man, he stressed. He was stressed out. Okay. Oh, then I had all them kids. How many did he give her? Because she got a few already.

0 (16m 6s):
She had two girls and then they had like twin and some others. I don't know. I don't know. Brady Bunch. It's our reality stars being pushed too far by producers in the name of Big tv. Hell yeah, I think so. It's definitely a huge influence. They're definitely feeding certain tidbits. Especially our show, especially the black women shows they be pitting us against each other. They always want somebody arguing and fighting. We can't never just have no cute kumbaya moments. It always gotta be something. Some drama month. You know,

Bone Valley (16m 48s):
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward and he was just Staring at me. And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert King, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly. My dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley, season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.

0 (18m 11s):
Y'all don't agree? No. I'm like, I'm just, I agree with you. I'm just sitting, I'm, I'm over here shaking my head. It's the truth. Yes. Yeah. I think it's always, they always pushing, You know, a narrative. That narrative. Yeah. Yeah. Putting it put, putting people. But then when we do have, when we do have good positive shows, it's like, oh, they boring. They ain't doing nothing. They, they trying enough to, to, it's always gonna be something. I think it's, it's it's space for all of it out there. The people who are saying it's boring. It's boring. It's some people out there who like it, they just ain't writing it or You know, they Yeah, it's always the haters who got the most to say, yeah, that's right.

0 (18m 58s):
Very, very loud. But the people who actually and wrong, they like, it just ain't on here. Like, I don't like that they look ugly when I say they be, they be devoted into these. Oh my goodness. It's so, yeah. Look, so some man on Twitter that you being, you tried to take a million dollars, blah, blah, blah. I'm like, do really think Goose, they do. Like, do you really? Yes, they do think yes. They do think, oh my goodness, it's crazy. You want all money, you want that. Do you really think like, be for real? I feel like reality TV has just definitely put people on this invisible pedestal and then we see, and then we're influenced by it.

0 (19m 44s):
So whatever it is. Like, I mean, look at Kim Kardashian, the Kardashians in gen in general. They've been doing this for, what, 20 years or something? I don't, I don't even know anymore. So it's like a long, long, long, long time of like, okay, it's reality tv. Y'all wanna tune in and from tuning in, there are other platforms that are, You know, that can happen. So people are just doing whatever now so they can stay relevant, unfortunately. And not thinking of long-term consequences. Yeah. But I do think there's a space for, for shows where we can show black women doing positive things for sure.

0 (20m 27s):
But they, they gotta give us a chance to show it. You know what I mean? I was hoping we could show it. Well you never know. We have some hidden themes that need to pop back out. You know? Never know. You never know what, never know. Yeah. Never know. You never know y'all. Yes. Come over. He just, what, so do you think shows like this are helping or harming black women's reputation in the medium? Wait, what? I think it's carving it.

0 (21m 8s):
Is it harming or you said harming or helping, right. Helping or harming black women's representation in the media. I think people are sick of seeing the same thing over and over. Like I think people are, I agree. Like the angry black woman, women can't get along. It's always some drama, You know? I think that's, that is entertaining. You know what I mean? There is a lane for that. Like Zeus, You know, that whole network. Yeah, yeah. It's working for them. Like it's, they is, you're right. So I think, You know, there is a space for that. But I think people want something else.

0 (21m 49s):
They wanna see like the positive. They wanna see it. So I don't think that it's like harming. 'cause I, I just think they need to make space for us to show that part. You know what I mean? And I hope people realize, like, even from watching our own show, like, I hope y'all don't think like every day, like that's just what we out here doing. 'cause like, y'all see us on our social media, y'all see us being mothers. Y'all see us being wives. Y'all see us being business women, You know, y'all see us doing real life. So don't think that just what you saw on these little episodes, You know, is our whole, that represents our whole entire life. Right. Right, right.

0 (22m 29s):
It doesn't, You know what I mean? It's just, this is what they chose to show because obviously this is what's selling right now. And I think that people who think that that's our life, that can seem like it's harming our reputation or whatever. But in real life, You know, we got a lot going on. We got a lot of layers to us. A lot, a lot going on. Yeah. We just need, okay, y'all, now we have a new segment where we take questions from our fans on social media. We've opened our dms for all of you to send us questions and message us.

0 (23m 10s):
So we're pulling three out and answering them live. So Ashley's gonna take over this one. All right. Y y ready for the first one? Sure. Okay. The first one is, you're dating someone with no social media. Is that a red flag or a green flag? No, social media. Green flag. Lex. I would say a green flag because I think that don't have social media. You said what? I would, I would prefer to date someone who doesn't have social media. Okay.

0 (23m 50s):
Why? Because I feel like it creates less drama. People are not in your business as much. Especially being that, You know, a public figure. It's like they don't have nothing to dig up because most people go to social media to entertain or pull, try to pull a drama out of you. So yeah. A problem that's not being incognito, not on social media. It's just, it's amazing. Yeah, I I like that too. I agree with you, Sharelle. I don't mind if someone's like running your social media or something.

0 (24m 30s):
You have to do it for marketing for fans or whatever the case may be. But I prefer someone that is not on there like that. And I honestly like my next situation, it will not be on blast. You know, it's very much that. And I, And I, I don't, I wouldn't want them to do it either. I feel like it would be very much private, just so we can keep it wholesome in our own way. So I just think it can be a double-edged sword with social media in general. So if that's something that, You know, it is starting to affect the relationship, then I don't want it. So I think it's a green flag if they don't have social media. But we're very social, y'all on social media, You know what I mean?

0 (25m 10s):
Maybe the first time y'all gave some green flags, what really? You think so? Okay. Yeah. All right. Next question. Yeah. Yeah, because it just, it can be distracting. Yeah. Okay. Next question. You catch your partner texting their ex, but they say it was just closure. What's your next move? Closure. You should have had that closure. I wanna, in this, in this relationship. That's a red flag. We could talk about it. It's a red flag. You said a red flag. Yeah. No, it's a red flag. Yeah. Because the closure should have been closed before you came into this relationship.

0 (25m 56s):
Yeah. Why jump into a new relationship? Should like her have the closure. Exactly what y gotta do. Yeah. Yeah. Done. Unless y'all have kids. Yeah. Talking about y'all kids. That's why I said these baby, these people be jumping in. Y'all, we've grown. This is not, You know what they wanna clo they want. I agree. No young and restless. They want to make sure them legs weren't closed. This ain't young and restless. No clothes, legs. This ain't no soap operas you. So, I mean, I just feel like if we gonna talk about it in front, caught them.

0 (26m 35s):
What, what do you need? Like, you need like what, what is closure? Like you're saying. Well, it was nice knowing you and it was nice being with like, what it, what? That's the ramp. I think when you, I I, I believe in, in power and in silence myself. So if you gotta feel, if I caught you, yeah. I mean if I caught you, I think it's, again, we're very grown. But if I caught you texting your ex, what are we talking about? Look, let me see. And if you feel some kind of way about that, then now we have an issue. So it's a red flag. Yeah. I don't like the red flag. Okay, next. I'm sneaky. What's each of your love languages?

0 (27m 18s):
All of 'em. I wanna know. Oh they were they really trying to get to know y'all? All of them do of them all my love, love languages are physical touch. Yeah. I like that. I like that. Acts of kindness. I like that too. I like that too. And words of affirmation. Affirmation. My other love languages are like, see me talk to me very much. Like let observe me quality time, You know, look, yeah, quality time, time spent. I feel like time is so precious and the most valuable thing. So if you're spending time And you understand like, oh, she likes to go, we like to go eat together or something.

0 (28m 1s):
What is my favorite meal? If You know what it, what gets me excited Or like museums just being observant and really tapping into who I am. That's my love language. Those are my love language. Okay. Okay. I would say I'm of everything and sometimes some things more than others, You know, it just depends on how you feeling that day. Exactly. Right. Right. Because mine has changed. Mine has changed. Like it wasn't necessarily affection. Now it is like I wanna be touched, I wanna be, You know, rubbed on. I wanna be kiss on. So before it used to not be like that.

0 (28m 41s):
So mine have changed over time too. Yeah. Okay. Well hopefully they, the people is paying attention. 'cause that's a very stupid Oh, a little personal. It was personal. Okay. Last but not least. Well this is the last and the least. I don't know. Anyway. What's the biggest ick someone can give on a first date? That's correct. Yeah. That's bad stat to me. It's to me it would be name dropping. Oh yeah, that's a good call.

0 (29m 20s):
That too. I don't like that. You know, like you, you talking too much. I'm like, ooh. Yeah man, that's a ing. Yeah, I like the bragging. I impressed me and bragging or You know. Yeah. We were just at such and such is such is house. I'm like, so you got Yeah. Got it. Yeah. You know, you don't know how to be in the moment, You know what I mean? So I don't know if I can bring you around some of my people either. So it's namedropping for me. Yeah, that's true. That's a good one. Yeah, that's good. Both of those. Those are, yeah, I would say that bragging too. That would be a big egg for me. Yeah.

0 (30m 1s):
Yeah. That's turn off. Well thank y'all so much for sending in those questions. Y'all DMS with more questions And we would love to answer them what we got next. Next we got get off your knees sis. Or should you? Huh? We talk, we done talk about it. Get out your knees this Or should you, because social media is in shambles right now. We're seeing more and more women dropping down on one knee. Reagan hand ready to wipe. Oh, okay. I want, I want that. You talking about proposal?

0 (30m 43s):
Find out the gutter. Look at Liz. Mine is always in the gutter. Listen, the ladies are on their knees proposing, some of these proposals are looking like fairytales, roses, fireworks, and the whole nine. But we gotta ask the real question. Is it giving empower women or is it giving desperate and tired of waiters? Yeah. The last one, I don't like it. I mean, desperate and tired of Yeah, I don't either, You know, being strong and doing what men do. You know what I'm saying? I'm here for that.

0 (31m 23s):
But men are men for a reason and women are win for a reason. Like, and You know, I just feel like no, no. Why? That's embarrassing. There is no way. I'm about man, if if you, if your man, man let him do it. Wanna be married and he don't propose to you. He don't, he don't wanna be married, he don't wanna marry you. And he crying. The last one I saw, the man was crying and the woman was on her knees. Yeah, no, I'm not doing that. We gonna, we gonna have a definitely having a conversation. Did he do this? Did he We definitely have a conversation.

0 (32m 5s):
I'm not That's crazy. That's what, see the visuals. See it's not, it's not even right. It's not even right y'all. Oh my god. I don't know. That's horrible. Sounds like since you've taking too long, let me go ahead. He might need not even getting on the knees is crazy too. Yeah. I just, I don't know y'all, it's not for me. You know who started it? Christy Lambkin. Ain't that her name from Love and Hip Hop. Oh, oh, she was it Joe Biden. Kris Christie. Kris, what's her name?

0 (32m 45s):
Who was it? Christy. Kristy. She did it on Love and Hip Hop. She did that on the show. That's right. I feel like that's what got the girls going. They was like, okay bitch. No, that ain't, that's that's embarrassing and traditional. I want you look down for him though. You was a writer. Like she loved that man. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. I don't care how much y'all love me, baby. I'm not getting down on one knee and proposing to you and your big ass standing up there with your head out like this crying to me. Right. I would be like, baby, get up.

0 (33m 26s):
Yeah. Me. Yeah, I can, You know, And I feel like, I just feel like if he man don't propose to you, he don't want to, he don't wanna marry you. He don't wanna be married if he don't do it. It's not that deep. Like if you wanna be with a lady, y'all both wanna be married, why would you not do it? Why would you want her to do it? That don't even make no sense. Yeah, that's, yeah. Yeah. And why rush somebody into something they're not ready for? Yeah. I wouldn't wanna rush my mate either. You imagine It's something telling story to your kids, I don't want it. And then you got a big crowd out there, you got a big crowd surrounding you. You know, this man ain't here to say no in front of this whole, like, that's just, it's just embarrassing all around.

0 (34m 7s):
And why the crowd allow her to get her ass. So like, does the woman ask the, the, the man daddy for his hand in marriage? Do they do that too? I was thinking that too, because I feel like that's even changed too over time. Oh, people don't do that no more. Traditionally. I mean, I don't know. My daddy on tv actually we film my daddy. He's with cute. He had a better, but it would've never happened. Period. But that's what I'm supposed to be like, there's traditions and stuff for Yeah, I don't wanna, And I don't wanna rush it like things are supposed, like traditions are there for a reason.

0 (34m 52s):
So when we start changing stuff around, it really throws stuff outta whack. Like a lady is not supposed to be on her knee asking on man to marry. Like that don't make no sense. It's giving what's on Friday. What, what's her name? Felicia? No, not what's it next Friday, Dayday c Dayday was dating the girl and the girl cousin. The big heavyset girl. She running around the car with Dayday. She got, remember that scene? Not off the top of my head. Heavy. Was it Big D or Heavy D?

0 (35m 34s):
Heavy DI, I dunno. I know that's what it, that's what it's given. She like, I'm gonna go get this man, lock him down. No, I don't want it. I feel like that energy of just starting off a marriage is a little tainted. You know? I feel like, what's that old saying? What's that saying? You'd rather have a single man that wants to be married than a a, a married man that wants to be single. Something like that. So why rush if they're not ready for that? You know, it should be a conversation. It should be very much like, okay, we gonna do this. Like let's do it. And then when it happens, it happens. You know, I, but I feel Like, You know, it's, it's about patience too.

0 (36m 15s):
Like we getting impatient so the ladies are dropping down to their knees and that's crazy. The visuals out outrageous for me because just even the man shouldn't wanna even look down at the, I wanna be the, the ladies and the ladies wanna be the men. Like the are changing. Don't like that person. I don't like this. I'm very, I'm very traditional when it comes to stuff like this. Yes. I definitely, I don't, I don't believe in that. I don't think it should happen. Like a woman should be a woman and wait for that man. Yeah. Yeah. I agree.

Bone Valley (36m 52s):
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert King, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.

0 (38m 16s):
I'm not saying wait forever. Get your girl behind up. Yeah, the visual is, is really throwing me off right now. 'cause I have it. I'm just I know because he's probably like I said, yes. Yeah, it's not, it's not, it's not given. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Well hopefully people slow down on that. I don't know. Well, and look, it ain't happening for, And I if, if your home girl proposed her a man, are you cheering her own or texting the group chat? Chat like sis? No, the group chat lit. I ain't been texting her. I'm gonna pull up, sorry up girl.

0 (38m 58s):
Don't do that. I'll stop in the middle of this whatever proposal there is and stop it. Yeah, don't do that. Don't do that. Yeah, it's not a good, it's, it's not a good, I will try to talk her off the ledge. I'll be like Nah, let's not do it. Let's not, let's not do it. And the group chat will definitely be lit. 'cause we're like, yeah y'all, I need some help. You are the process. Yes. We need to know. That's what I'm gonna say. What y'all momma said about this, what your daddy said. Well how did you get to this? But You know, like what is the thought?

0 (39m 39s):
I would love to talk to a lady who proposed to her husband because what was the thought process to led you like? I think that it was okay to even the thought of it. Yeah. Make it, I just think it's, I think it's more of an impatient thing. Like I, he just taking too long. Let me do it now. No, no now that's that. I would rather pressure you baby. Are we getting Yes. What's going on? That's different. The pressure you then me take my behind to a store and go get a ring and drop down on Wendy and my big behind proposal to your big behind.

0 (40m 21s):
No, I would just skip the proposal and just wear my own little ring and be like, we engage the proposal that, that's different. Like the conversation. Like look you propose skip the profit circumstance. We engaged, we together real bad. Go to the courthouse. Knock this out real quick. What y'all do, tell us, what would y'all do if, if we wanted to hear from the humble, humble daddies? Would y'all Yeah, we're good to hear it from, from y'all woman if, if she dropped down on one year proposed.

0 (41m 4s):
So a whole big ceremony. We need to hear from the guy. Yeah. I wanna know. I'm curious. I better be vocal like y'all vocal about everything else we be talking about on this campaign. I'm gonna hear from the guys And I wanna hear if anybody in the chat a female has proposed and how did that work? I humble, our humble baddies. Ain't none of our humble baddies in this chat proposed. They got, they got common sit over here. I know that's right. Alright y'all until then what? What we got today. We got some humble battings mail. We do. I have the humble batty mail. Y'all All right, y'all ready?

0 (41m 43s):
Yeah. Okay. This is from Amber in Louisville, Kentucky. Okay. Amber. Hey Amber. Okay, daddy, buckle up. Oh man. You know when it starts like that. So buckle up. Yeah, this must be because this situation is wild capital WILD. All right. Oh, okay. He's been married. Oh, she's been married. So maybe she's talking about somebody else. Okay. She's been married for three years and like any modern couple, she and her husband agreed to go 50 50 on everything including rent for years. She's been faithfully handling over half of, over her half of their $3,000 of rent each month.

0 (42m 30s):
So 1500 straight to him, assuming he was sending it to the landlord. But here's where it gets messy. While chatting with the neighbor, she casually found something, found out something that made her stomach drop. The apartment she's been living in is owned by her husband's mother. Mother. Yep. His mom turns out the husband had been living there before they got married and his mom was the landlord. So for three years, our girl's $1,500 has been going directly to her husband and his mama. Without her knowledge. That's $54,000. She unknowingly paid them and now she's left questioning everything.

0 (43m 12s):
Is this financial manipulation a betrayal of trust? Was she scammed by her own husband or was this just a shady omission? She moved out and hasn't spoken to him in two weeks. But here's her question to the baddies. What would you do if you found out your husband has been secretly pocketing your rent money for years with his mom in on it? Would you call it a wrap? Demand the money back, try to talk it out? Or is this a major betrayal that can't be undone? Ladies, what do y'all think? She was getting scammed. God, leave scam. My husband is crazy.

0 (43m 52s):
That is crazy. Yeah, I, I don't even think I would've allowed myself to get in that situation because I'm very, I I felt like a detective. FBII would've known something was up pull of some records or something. Ooh, that's a tough situation. Yeah. I'm like, hmm. It's like d Well yeah, I think first she probably went wrong by not knowing who owned the house that you living in your husband. But she was trusting him to pay the rent and the rent's been paid all this time. So she's like, here's my housing where you live And you don't know who owned the house.

0 (44m 36s):
You know who named the house you don't like. Because some, a lot of times I do, I'll go on public search records and see what's around, see who own what around. And of course it shows the names of everything. So that's why I'm, it's not hard to find out this information first of all. Mm. So that was the first part where she went wrong. So I mean, but now we're in it, so. Right. I would say it would be some major trust issues for me. We would have to go to counseling. Like, I'm not saying like leave him. I think this is something we would definitely have to go to therapy about.

0 (45m 16s):
I think we would have to really like lay out all our fa finances. I wanna know where all the money at. You know, where's going? Yeah. Everything gotta be shown. Exactly. Think so. Wait, he said the mom own it, but, but they both been pocket it, the mom own the house. The mom own the house. Well maybe, maybe it is. Maybe he, he has to pay the mom the, the full amount of money and there's split it 50 50. Either way she don't know about it. She didn't know. Yeah. He financial abuse is real and so is financial manipulation. Yeah. So whatever the situation is, we gotta go to therapy. I don't trust you no more.

0 (45m 57s):
You probably about something else. Exactly. Definitely a mission. Yeah. He, if people hiding that, what else are you hiding? Correct. And that's a nice chunk too. And that looking where she's living saying, Hey, You know, this is my mom's house we got, we can split it 50 50. Yeah. Hiding it. So it's like why are you hiding and we're married. Yeah. But I wouldn't, I wouldn't call it a wrap. I would try to get to the bottom of it with help and if I felt like it was a sal salvageable situation where we could work through it, I would definitely do that.

0 (46m 39s):
But that's crazy. But we have to be smart and also know like technically your resources. Yeah. You gotta communicate that for sure. Now that's heartbreaking to hear and to really to like come to grips of that. You like, here I'm giving this to you. And then he like, your mama handle this. But it has to be conversation. I agree with you Ashley. Definitely going to therapy and really hashing everything out. You know, just like, look what else is going on. We need to have this conversation because it's definitely, she didn't know. And that's a lot of money. That's a lot of money that she did not know about that she's assuming is taking care of the household.

0 (47m 19s):
That they're laying their heads down next to each other on the, You know, in the bed. So what else is going on? So Amber, let your friend know, You know, this is not good, but we, we say, don't we say savage, the the marriage. Right. We agree on that. Yeah. Savage the marriage. Yeah. Always try. You know what I'm saying? I give up because of, maybe it's something that he's embarrassed. He was embarrassed to speak on speak but talk about it. Yeah. That's not a good, I like therapy at least to go see. And if you can't get back to it, the mama need to be in on the therapy too though because no, the mama, the mama ain't got nothing to do with it.

0 (48m 4s):
Now. The mama ain't got nothing to do with it. See the landlord. But she, she don't know the mama now her check the mama is a business. I ain't in y'all marriage. I ain't married this woman And I ain't married to you. This is my house. I need y'all to pay me. 'cause at the end of the day, I still have to pay taxes every year. The mama is a business woman. So the mama and she loan. Does she even know? We don't know if she, if they've had this conversation, y'all figure it out. Ation. Y'all have my mon money before the fifth, right? Justin? The mama know. Oh no. Every time I see her now, no. That husband need his behind. Whoop now why? Yeah, he does.

0 (48m 44s):
Yeah. Because he is definitely not letting it be known. He could have 100%, yo, my mama cutting us a deal. Whatever. Whatever. I, we gotta pay her back. I don't know. Whatever the case may be. It should definitely have been a conversation with your whole husband. Yep. They splitting everything else. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Okay. Well ladies, that was our humble Daddy's mail. If y'all have any more questions, we thank y'all for submitting. Y'all have anything y'all wanna submit to us? Y'all want the real down dirty truth. Y'all email us at contact at humble daddy's dot com And we may feature your suspicion.

0 (49m 27s):
And so next time we will see y'all. Wednesday. Wednesday it'll be Ash. Ashley will be traveling in the air. So it'll be Alexis And I live. We'll be holding it down for you Ash. So happy y'all be on next week. Thank you Dallas for tuning in. Make sure you follow and subscribe to us at Humble Daddy's podcast. Tell your cousin, tell your auntie, tell your side chick your side Daddy, humble daddy, pastor the deacon of the church. All to follow and subscribe to Humble Daddy's podcast. Yes, it's time. It's been amazing lady. Good night. Good night y'all.

Bone Valley (50m 21s):
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.