
This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist. At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guest for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show, or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hi music, but also a lot more like Intern John and your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI Love this station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Oh, What snap I one. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey, music station hot 99 5.


What's up? What's up? What's okay, girl? Happy Cinco. Listen, I just do my tacos. That's the only thing I, I have to represent for cin de bring your margarita asked this. I'm going, You know, I'm trying to get fine. So meanwhile I'm trying to get fine, but I just can of soda. Okay. I'm taking a break from alcohol right now because I feel like yesterday I went to Charlotte. I surprised my best friend, You know Christina? I surprised her. She just closed on her house.


Yeah. Congratulations Christina. And we celebrated, I mean, we bought bottles, like we had three bottles of, of, what is it, 1940? Is it 1922? I can't even think of the, I call that holy. And, and we finished everything and I'm like, I can't, how am I still, how am I here right now? Mm. I had a flight to catch at six o'clock in the morning. Mm. Had a flight to catch. Well, you don't look like what you've been through. Amen. Listen, I got bad. Y'all see 'em? Well, I'm gonna sip on my margarita for the both of us.


Yeah. Drink from me. And I got me some chips and dip too. We celebrating. Okay. Y'all doing y'all a big one over there. Your weekend. What you got going on, girl? You know, month, the month of May is crazy. You know, I feel like it's like the beginning of like the summer, the end of like the school year. You know, the kids got games. My mama graduating. I gotta go to her graduation. Philip Mother day, Philip graduating from the fifth grade.


I got a middle schooler, You know, it's just so much going on Mother's Day, my wedding anniversary. So I, I'm like, I'm just trying to keep up, honestly. You know what I mean? Every day is something, but girl, I feel you. What about you? Ooh, it's crazy. So Ariana graduation, I just finished her prom. That was crazy. You look so beautiful. Yeah. How did y'all pick her dress? Did you have that made or what? She had it custom made. Let her tell it. I, my dress was custom made in Dubai. Woo. Ooh. Okay.


Bye. So she had her dress, she picked out her dress. That was good. I have, baseball season is crazy. Denim plays for a travel team and we're gonna be traveling all over this summer. So he's gonna keep me occupied. Serenity, wanna start gymnastics? I have a huge project. So I don't know. We, it was discussed, it was showed on the show a little bit. We did the groundbreaking, but we actually are, are starting the process of building our affordable homes joining us. So that has been crazy. We've been going, it's been putting, we've been putting in work. So by next year I'll be having five town homes put up in Tampa.


Good. Okay. So that's gonna be good. I'm excited for that. And then just trying to get Ariana off to college. It's just, it's a lot. That's a, that's funny. Well, I look forward to seeing you send your daughter off to college. Like for me, like, I wanna come, if I can't, oh, are you gonna do a trunk party? That's like the new thing, isn't that? Yes. The Trump party. Yeah. Okay. So that means like we just bring stuff for her dorm. Right. Why would you do that? When I went to go, like I, I went up for the military, but shit, I still coulda had a Trump party going off to the military.


Absolutely. But I'm glad whoever started that tradition. I'm glad y'all started it. 'cause I coulda absolutely. I needed some stuff. 'cause that little rundown dorm room I had, I needed everything. So that's exciting. And you gotta bring denim down to hang out with the kids. Yes. It's been busy. Oh my goodness. Huh. Unity. It's like baseball has, it's, it takes up, You know, it takes up everything though. No sports. They be acting like the, this is the end of the world. And I'm like, child, they only 11. They only 10. Why? Why? Why is it so serious at this age? I don't understand all the sports moms out there.


I know. Y'all feel us. Okay. It's a lot. The practices, like the pa the parents are crazy too. Some of the parents are crazy. I done seen Phil get into it with some of the parents, some of the coaches. And y'all know, Phil don't even, he ain't even that kind of person. You know, Phil say something is a problem. But these sports, these days with these kids, it's, it's crazy. I done seen some crazy stuff. They be trying to fight, be being violent at the games, need the police and stuff. Pop this serious. They be trying to live through they kids. I They do, don't they? And they swear that little 10-year-old who can't hardly catch the ball, throw the ball night, they swear he gonna go pro that.


Like, baby, y'all just wanna go ahead. Dunno yet. He's like, relax. Just let them have fun. It's crazy. Well, let's get into a, have you've been watching the Met Gala. Have you been saying Brian? I'm on my phone checking on these looks honey, because this theme this year is everything okay? Yes. What's the theme? Super fun, Taylor and Black Style. I love it. And You know why I love it? Because I tend to lean more on the masculine side. Like, You know, I'm very tomboyish.


I love a good, I don't really have a chance to wear like a good tailored suit anywhere. But, You know, I love, You know, very masculine, looks like I love me a cargo jean and I love a good sneakers look like I'm very much into the, like I lean more masculine. So this theme, I just really feel like, You know, I, You know, you would kill it. You would've killed it because it's diving into the style of leg, the legacy of black men. So yeah, you prob you definitely would've killed it. And I think that's beautiful that, that they are, You know, celebrating, first of all black men. Like how often do we get to see black men uplifted in a way and in, in our culture, uplifted on a platform in this way.


Like, yeah, we, we get it through music and stuff like this, but fashion, You know, we don't always get to be in the forefront in the limelight on this big stage. Like the Met Gala is the Met Gala. Like there's nothing bigger than the Met Gala when it comes to fashion. So I just love the theme. Yes, the theme is nice. So who was your favorite so far? So far? I always have to give it to my girl, Tiana Taylor, the detail. She in her Kate, I don't even, before I even saw the details on the Cape, I was just like blown away by the tailoring of her suit. Then she had this beautiful cape, and then on the Cape there's a Rose and Harlem stitch on it.


And then there's like roses on there. Like it's the details for me. 'cause anybody can, You know, throw on a tailored suit, You know what I mean? But to, it's the detailing for me. Right. Who's my favorite? My favorite was Louis Hamilton. Louis Hamilton did do it for the guys. Yeah, he did. He did his big one. But he's a very pretty man I never knew he was so gorgeous. Like very gorgeous in the face. He's, he, You know. Yeah. Like, honestly, honestly, what he wore, he could get married in that like that is, I don't know if he married or not, but it just gave like a royal wedding. A royal groom. Like that's what it was given.


Who was your least favorite? Ooh, my least favorite. Let me go back and look. Oh, Tyler, ain't that her name? Tyler. Tyler. So who was the worst out of her? Or Meg? Ooh, Meg I would say wasn't on theme. I feel like Tyler's, You know what, it wasn't on theme. She wore a mic. Of course. Mic of course. It's, when it comes to Couture, I think he can do what it needs to do. But it just wasn't given, it wasn't on theme. She had on like a white fur, like a silvery color gown.


And the boobs were just sitting up. It's like all I seen in the hair and the makeup. I don't know. It just, the thing, it didn't, it wasn't on theme for me. It just, it didn't give what it, it didn't give Dandyism. It didn't give tailored. I didn't like Simone Biles outfit. Simone Biles. Yeah. But You know, she's so petite and so like ma muscular, You know, maybe she didn't wanna go too masculine with her outfit. So maybe that's why she wore like a short mini dress thinking, oh, I would've passed on that one.


Diana Ross. Oh, Diana Ross did it. I love it. And I felt like it was so her like very true to who she is because I feel like she too often dresses kind of masculine. Like she's not super like, You know, feminine and girly, like, You know, she does wear dresses and stuff, but like, it also has like a very masculine flare. But the fact that she brought out like the pinks, 'cause everybody's wearing like black and white and darker colors. She pulled out like the colors, the pinks and the reds and I thought that was beautiful. She looked great. Yes. Well we, the looks are still coming in. So y'all tell us who, who did they do, who didn't, who need help with their stylist, who need to fire their stylist?


Let us know. Yeah. We're missing our girl. Alexis. We know Lex went to the Met Gala some years ago and she looked amazing. I know she could have gave us some insight on her experience being there, but she'll be back next week traveling. So it's just me and Rel today holding it down. Okay. My question, Ashley, are themes like this a real celebration of black culture or curated, curated marketing moments for the Met to feel inclusive? I think where we are now as far as being more open and receptive to black culture, I think this felt natural.


You know, I think we've seen a lot of other types of cultures and styles and art and I think it was about time to uplift like the black man and the black culture. And I don't know, it feels, it doesn't feel forced to me. And I'm usually the person to be like, Uhuh, nah, they just doing this to get a reaction. But to be honest with you, I really feel like this felt very natural, very on time, very needed. And it's like, I feel like the conversations around it have been very positive and we love to see it. So I'm here for it. Yeah. I feel like everyone did their big one.


It was, it was much needed. The recognition of, of Black contribution. So I'm, I'm, I'm loving it. Everyone showed up and showed out. They didn't make it like a costume type event. Like everyone put their all in. A lot of people, not everyone, a lot of people did put their all into, You know, and they killed it. They slan it. Okay. Now I will say, or let me ask you, what do you think, do you think the white celebrities are really going on theme with their looks or are they just showing up? You know? Oh, from what I've seen, from what I've seen, they're, they're killing it. It's still going on.


Just doing a, a quick glimpse. What was her name? Emma. Emma Chamberlain. Let me look her up. Who you said. Look, see I, I did like her. Look Emma, she had on some like a pinstripe. Hmm. I just saw Sabrina Carpenter pop up. She looks very, Sabrina killed that too. Sabrina is cute. You know, I didn't think was on theme in Hathaway. I felt like she looked like she was going to dinner. I didn't see her. You gotta send me hers. She just got on a white button up and a skirt. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I think, I think they understood.


Everyone understood this majority understood that Simon and she just popped up. I don't know what to say about that. Look. What about asap? Let me see. You seen him already? Rihanna is pregnant girl. He does not up. Wait, what? Her third baby on the way. We ain't getting no album, but we getting a third baby. Oh my what? That's why we ain't get no album because they busy over there making music in the bed. Oh, what a way to announce it on the way to the Met Gala.


But Girl Riri ri Come on baby, just take a pause asap. All we ask is let our girl make some music. Never get about the album. Now I gotta, now I gotta go over here and join the beehives. Can't even go to no concerts no more. Not to take a drink child. We ain't never gonna get an album lot anyways. Let me find aap what he had on. You saw his look already? I didn't see it. I just, I see it. Yeah, he always looked. ASAP is known for his fashion though. He but it, yeah, he but honestly though, it is not like, oh he looks nice.


He just always looks good like the, I expect this look of him, You know? Right. You know, it disappointed me though, now that I'm looking at it then Yeah, I, yeah, I don't, I remember Glimping, but she has on a white Taylor suit and a hat that looked like somebody, granny beach hat. I don't like that hat. But the suit, the suit is very well tailored. I think she's on thing, but it's kind of boring. Y'all know I can't, fashion is not me. I'll throw on some anything and keep it moving. So it's luckily is pretty. And you can just throw on whatever you wanna call on.


Luckily you're blessed in that way. She is not for me. I don't know. But Zendaya, I feel like she's, I I would give her like, I don't wanna say she's a fashion icon, but she always, they dress her like her stylist, long Roach like Yeah. Dressed in her damn. You know what I'm saying? And she says that she used fashion to like help, You know, propel her career. You know, she wasn't standing out as much as an actor and she used like fashion to get to where she is. So, I don't know. And they gave her what she was because I just expected more from her.


But it's cute. It's not a bad look, it's just saying. Yeah. You would've thought, come on now. Yeah, I gotta look at hers. All right, enough. Let's keep on. We're gonna keep on watching Dior. Dior wanna say hey to y'all. Say hey. Say hey. So cute.


Seeking the truth never gets old. Introducing June's journey, the free to play mobile game that will immerse you in a thrilling murder mystery. Join June Parker as she young uncovers hidden objects and clues to solve her sister's death. In a beautifully illustrated world set in the roaring twenties with new chapters added every week, the excitement never ends. Download June's journey now on your Android or iOS device, or play on PC through Facebook games.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations. To spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network hosted by me writer and historian Dan Flores and brought to you by Velvet Buck. This podcast looks at a west available nowhere else. Each episode I'll be diving into some of the lesser known histories of the West. I'll then be joined in conversation by guests such as Western Historian, Dr. Randall Williams and bestselling author and meat eater founder Steven Ella. I'll correct my kids now and then where they'll say when cave people were here. And I'll say, it seems like the ice age people that were here didn't have a real affinity for caves, You Know, so join me starting Tuesday May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen to the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Let's get into it y'all. So we're gonna keep on watching these looks. Y'all let us know what y'all think. We're gonna still be critiquing as we go along our way. Yeah, so we're gonna get into the business segment. Y'all know we included a business segment and people are loving it. So each week we're gonna talk about some business, some humble Betty's business. And this week I decide to talk about Business Credit. Yes. A lot of credit. Everybody got everybody else credit Y'all got, they got credit. So you can get your plastic surgeries, but y'all about no y don't know about Business Credit. Yeah, you have to get into the Business Credit because what you can do, and a lot of people don't know, you can put vehicles in your Business Credit and you, you don't become a liability to that.


Like my may back is in my business name, not my name. I don't have any, it doesn't touch my personal credit. So today we're gonna make grown women moves, grown, humble, fatty moves, humble daddy moves. And you can un unlock serious funding, better terms and boss level opportunities for your brand. Because being a humble fatty doesn't mean thinking small. It means thinking smart. Yes. Why? Business Credit. Credit matters. So here's the deal. Business Credit is like your business financial resume. Just like personal credit helps you get loans, apartments or a car Business Credit helps your company get approved for lines of credit leases, vendor accounts, and it protects your personal credit while doing it.


How to start Business Credit. So before, I'll give the example of how I started my Business Credit. Wells Fargo stopped doing it, but when I opened up my business opened up my business back in 2019, I went to Wells Fargo and back then they had a secured credit card for Business Credit, not your personal. So I put $5,000 into a, an account to open up a secured card for my Business Credit. Once I did that, I make little small payments for the office, did what I needed to do. And after six months they opened it up to a unsecured line.


That's how I started building my Business Credit. Then I opened up a Amex card business, Amex card, then I opened up, I went to go get the truck and my Business Credit. So after just doing things, I don't even have to use my personal credit because I have my Business Credit. So all you need to do to start up your business, you have to have a, a business first, A EIN number, a address for your business and register your business with done done in Bradstreet. And you can start like putting, like if you have a lease, just start putting things in there to basically so it can report to your Business Credit.


Okay? So you wanna monitor your Business Credit reports, you can do it on nav or done in Brad Street. That's where your Business Credit lives. Keep track of what's reported and staying good standing Humble Baddies tip of the week. Start small or start right, even if you're just freelancing or side hustling right now, set the foundation like you're running a million dollar brand because one day you just might be. That's it for our Humble Betty business. Remember, credit isn't about access, it's about ownership. When your business stand stands on its own name, you're not just hustling, you're building a legacy.


Okay, that was good. Yes. All my Business Credit. So we can get these businesses going. Stop using your own money. Use credit, build your credit. Yes. Okay, now we gotta get into it baby, because the T is hot. Our good old boy Steve Smith Sr. And heads the lawsuit when love and law collide. It's the topic of this segment. Have you heard about what's going on Ashley? I had to catch up on it 'cause I didn't know why is everybody business in the streets? Why? Well group chat, but I wanna know. Well I think I, it went viral.


I think the husband got in his feelings and he posted, he recorded the conversation when, when he called Steve and he was like, basically you're cheating, you're sleeping with my wife. He found the messages, girl, it was some crazy messages and he was like, I'm sorry man, they hung up the phone or something like that. Fast forward, he's being sued because in some states, if basically if you are the person that cheating with the person you can, you can sue them. Yeah, it's called, what is it? The home, it's called the homework law. Yes. And unfortunately North Carolina is one of those states.


Okay, so we've got to break it down. The allegations Steve Smith Sr. Is being sued by Antonio Martinez who alleges that Smith had a month long affair with his wife Nicole. The lawsuit claims that this affair led to the breakdown of the Martinez marriage. So he basically saying you the reason you was over here laying this tight. Now you, the reason why me and my wife are getting a divorce, Martinez is seeking over a hundred thousand in damages. Citing alienation of affection. Alienation of affection.


That's what Martinez said he want. He wants a hundred thousand dollars for that intentional infliction of emotional distress and other claims. Let's break down the home record law. North Carolina is one of the few states that still recognizes alienation of affection lawsuits. Now how can you prove that? Because I mean it, if she cheated on on her husband, it had to be something else. Barely. And you can prove it. Say he got text messages to her and he like, baby, come on, I wanna, You know, I wanna take you on to dinner tonight.


And she like, no. Or she just denying him whatever. You know what I'm saying? That's, you can prove that. My question is, okay, what if You know, he, he sues them when the lawsuit or whatever and they gave it back together. Well that's fine because she still had an affair. He still could have possibly messed up their marriage, divorce and get back together all the time. That's crazy. It's okay. This law allows a spouse to sue a third party who is believed to have interfered in their marriage leading to its dissolution to to succeed the plaintiff must prove that genuine love and affection existed in the marriage.


And that, and that the defendant's actions led to its erosions erosion. Yeah. Like what if, what if the other man was like doing the most, like buying her real expensive gifts or something, or like doing something that maybe the husband couldn't do? Well the thing about it is, and you hear a lot of guys that they'll cheat for the right one, they will cheat. I mean, Steve wasn't like a, a basic football player. He was like one of the top football players in the league during his era. So maybe she was a fan and she was like, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.


Let me go step out. But they was telling each other they love it girl, the you gotta read them text messages, child, oh I gotta read the text. I didn't see the text. Okay. So I mean I feel like this is something he should probably, probably just like settle outside of court, like go to mediation, settle. You know what I mean? Do you feel like, do you feel like the home record lawsuit should be honored in every state? You know what, I just feel like you, the person you should be mad at is the person that you are in a relationship with.


So I wouldn't punish the other person. It's really who, because you still gotta deal with that person. You know what I mean? Whether y'all end up divorcing or not, especially if you have kids, like you still have to deal with that person and the repercussions of whatever happened. You know what I mean? So I just feel like adding in that other person, it's just you being bitter and trying to get something out of it and trying to hurt another person. But really the person that you should be upset with is the person that you're married to. That's true. I dunno, I understand. Like when you're mad and you going through it, you like, fuck it. Yeah, let me hit this man up for however much. You know what I'm saying? But at the end of the day, it's whoever you're dealing with that I feel like you need to deal with.


That's true. I have, I know someone who's, who's going through, who went through a situation like that, but I feel like some people take it, You know, take advantage of this law because it's like you out, you was out here cheating, cheating, cheating. And now that your husband, You know, got fed up, he stepped out and now you see this person have money, now the wife is suing the other woman. It's like you're taking advantage of this. See? Yeah, the relationship was already messed up. That's why I said the other person don't need to get money. Y'all need to deal with y'all issues because clearly y'all got issues.


You know what I mean? Instead of adding a whole nother person into it, adding another lawsuit, divorces already cost a lot of money. You know, so for you to like bring in a whole third person into it, I think it's just extra. It's a lot. I don't, I don't know if it's the smartest thing to make that like a law everywhere they need to. And you gotta be careful because people are scammers. You got couples out here that that'll go out and seek people with money just to get a little off. That's hard too. I ain't even think about that. Hmm, that's true. You gotta be careful with, with all this. Oh there is a lot of scammers these days. People will find a way to scam girl.


People will ride, ride your behind and start, you'll be driving and somebody behind and they'll just slam on brakes so you can hit them. It, it's all type of stuff. Yeah, yeah. Well we hope our boy come out on, well You know, when you, when you play those type of games, you never know what, we don't play praise for thing. You smell at it. He don't hurt your pockets but gonna pray for this marriage that it works. And he is also a public figure. So that's why I'm like, I just feel like you should quietly settle. You know what I'm saying? Like don't let this keep going. Don't, don't, I don't think, I don't think he knew that he was gonna get sued or like, this just came out a couple of days ago that he was actually, the guy was filing the lawsuit.


So I mean if you going to cheat, why you need to say, I feel like though, usually when they do this and it's for money, they ask for it first upfront and then if you don't agree to set like give the money, then they sue. You know what I'm saying? So he maybe he did already say like, look, gimme some money or I'm gonna sue you for the money ba. So I feel like he probably had a chance to settle privately. Usually people do baby if it's, if if if it had to be settled quietly you would've got 200,000 if I had that.


No public. So You know, it sounds maybe C's willing to fight and be like hell no, You know? But maybe, maybe they knew something. Maybe he had proof that they wasn't on a, I don't know. It's just a bad situation all around. It is, it is. But can you imagine what if Steve had somebody he was dealing with and then this came out, You know, and now you gotta pay somebody a hundred thousand dollars. I couldn't be with you no more. Like now I'm with you, but you gotta pay it somebody a hundred that 'cause you broke up their marriage. I no, I couldn't be with you no more. It's just that like, it's just that it's a bad look we're gonna pray for today is gonna be, it's gonna be a short segment.


We gotta get into the humble Betty Betty's meal and we're gonna let you go have your fun and drink your margaritas baby. Yeah. Phil's waiting on me. He just walked by. Y'all might look, listen, y'all might be like Mariana asap after while. No we not. We're done having babies. Okay. We like to practice but we ain't have it no more. Thank I got the Humble Baddies mail day. It says, hey humble batty. I need y'all's real unfiltered advice on this one because my head is spinning.


So I've been with my boyfriend for almost two years now and things have been mostly solid. We've had our ups and downs like everyone, but I really thought we were in a good place anyway last weekend we were having a chill night just sipping wine and having one of those deep combos about boundaries and insecurities outta nowhere. He tells me he's attracted to my best friend. Okay? Yes, my best friend. He said he'd never act on it and that he just wanted to be honest while I wouldn't ever feel blindsided. He even said he respects me too much to ever cross that line.


But ever since that combo, I can't unhear it. Like why did he even need to say that? Should I be thankful he was honest or was that some low key disrespect dis disguised and transparency. Now I feel weird whenever the three of us are around each other and I can't help but feel like I'm in competition. Am I tripping or is this a serious red flag? I would say that's a red flag. Like don't tell me that you're attracted to my best friend. Yeah, that's, I can't even like you basically as women, even if you not insecure, you just made this lady feel so insecure about herself by telling.


So every time it two things gonna happen, she's gonna start mistreating her friend, which happens a lot. Or You know, she's gonna feel like she have to go above and beyond and start being like her friend just so she can get impre. You know it's just, it's a mind thing. Like it's crazy. Don't tell me no shit like that. Yeah. I first of all think that this a red flag just on him and his character because like if, if this is your man I, did she say they was married or no? No, it don't matter either way. If this is your boo, this is your man.


Like you supposed to like protect your heart, protect your eyes, protect your mind like you supposed to. Like of course there's other attractive people in the world. You're never gonna like not be attracted to other people. Right. But like for him to have to voice it means like, it's like eating him up inside or some shit. Because I can look at him in and be like, oh he cute. You know what I'm saying? And like keep it moving, keep it moving. But for him to feel like he needed to bring it up and say it to me, why you really attracted into how to even say that this on your mind. Like what? That's weird.


And You know, I just think that, I don't know, I don't know that it would bother me about him liking her. Like I don't, I wouldn't, I personally wouldn't feel like I need to be in competition. It wouldn't mind fuck me. It would just really mess with me in a way of like, he has eyes for other women in a way that he can't control because What was it about her that made you feel like you needed to tell me? Like I get being honest and transparent, but to me it just feels a little like it would end up going further and being a problem in the future.


Yeah. Because what if one day You know, y'all out together and then you have, you feel like you can't go to the bathroom or leave them alone. It's just, it's just gonna, it caused so many confusions like Yeah I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't even wanna stay with anyone like that. Exactly. And it wouldn't, I, and it honestly wouldn't have nothing to do with her. It would really just have everything to do with him because it's, now I'm looking at you at every finance woman that walked by. 'cause I'm like, but even if they don't have to do with her, he, he may, he can create confusion between them two. Like I've seen a lot of women who, who treated their friends a certain way because they felt like their man wanted them and they didn't even go to the extreme of saying like, oh You know, I'm attracted to your friend.


It's just they'll see their friend. That's very sad. You shouldn't be with a man who would make you treat your friends weird because your friend weird. You know what I'm saying? Like that's a whole another problem. But that's a problem with you and yeah you need to dig into, but if we're talking about like how this humble batty saying, the man just came and said I got a problem and it's because he said that she fine. I feel like that's a him problem. But if you automatically like treating your friends weird because you think your man might think she fine, then that might be a problem where we gotta look within, You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. All of the situations is like you need to be with a man who makes you feel confident. You can leave him in a room full of baddies and You know, it ain't nothing finna be down period. That's the kind of man that you need to be with. You need to be with a man who only got eyes for you. Not saying that he can't acknowledge another fine woman, but, but to look at your friend and say, oh I'm attracted, attracted is a strong word because you can acknowledge, that's what I'm saying, attracted, you can acknowledge the, you can acknowledge even the sexiness of a woman, but to say I'm attracted to her means that there's something in you that wants it. Like I want, You know, to me that's what attracted means and that would issue for it's deeper than Yeah.


And so I would tell the humble daddy she might need to take, take a step back with him, You know? Yeah, really. 'cause there might be other signs and other clues and things that he might be doing that might show you. He may not be the one because, but I, I mean I guess you can appreciate his transparency, but just 'cause it's transparent bitch don't mean you need to look through that shit. Okay? Exactly. You keep it moving. That's crazy. That's a tough one. I can't imagine, girl you are not tripping. You need to get up out that relationship because it sound like either he attracted to her and he want her or he trying to bring her in and have a little Yeah, he trying to test you and see what you thought about that.


Like you like her too. What you Think? You like her type shit And I don't, I don't like that girl. Get up about that. That is a crazy situation to be in. But I feel like that probably happens often. I'm sure it does. Yeah it does. It's sickening. Well you guys, we want y'all to enjoy y'all cinco de my yoga and have some fun. We're gonna end it short today if y'all have any questions or concerns. So y'all wanna send us some humble baby mail, y'all can reach us at contact@humblebabies.com. Yes. I'm ll Rosado. You can find me on Instagram at cheryll rosado.


You can find me on Snapchat at Sherelle, Rosado and X at Sherell Rosado. I'm Ashley Nicole. You can find me on Instagram at ashley nicole And snap at Ash three Nicole And yeah, Humble Baddies. Humble, Humble Baddies podcast. Make sure you subscribe to your baby daddy, to your cousin, to your auntie, your uncle, and your side chick and your neighbor. So all subscribe to Humble Baddies podcast. Yes, happy bye.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree change of formula lift for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes. It's a per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself.


Seeking the truth never gets old. Introducing June's journey, the free to play mobile game that will immerse you in a thrilling murder mystery. Join June Parker as she young covers, hidden objects and clues to solve her sister's death In a beautifully illustrated world set in the roaring twenties with new chapters added every week, the excitement never ends. Download June's journey now on your Android or iOS device, or play on PC through Facebook games.


Why is a soap opera western like Yellowstone so wildly successful? The American West with Dan Flores is the latest show from the Meat Eater Podcast Network. So join me starting Tuesday, May 6th, where we'll delve into stories of the West and come to understand how it helps inform the ways in which we experience the region today. Listen To the American West with Dan Flores on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.