
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley. Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all, welcome back to the Humble Baddies Podcast. I'm your girl, Ashley. Nicole. I'm Sherell Rosado. And I'm Alexis Meyer. And we are, we are the humble bat. We got a special guest tonight, y'all. Who? We have Humble. Who? We got French fry. Ooh. Are you gonna say hi to all the humble babies out there? Come say hi. Hi Ity. Alright, you can finish. Dawn, you girl. Aw, she is too cute. She is a bougie handful.


What y'all been up to today, daddy or bougie girl? Oh, what did you say? I got bougie. Oh my gosh. She is the humble daddy. And we have, we have mommy Daughter Day today went to the nail salon. Mommy? Yes. Oh yes. And we just came from dinner. So because I, I feel like, well I had to move my chickens. That's what I did today. I got them another nice little home. So they're nice and cozy.


They like chickens go really fast, so I had to get them situated. Huh? Where did you move them to? They're in my garage, but like when I bought 'em homes, they were in like this big bin, so now they're like bigger And I had to move them to like this big playpen, but they gotta stay in your house till they're like eight weeks old. So they like really like my little babies. Aw. Have to keep them like warm. You have to feed them certain things like, yeah. Oh, like I, yeah girl, I am a whole new mom again. I gotta get the feed. I went to the store, I had to buy new shavings for their like bedding. I had to buy like their feet off.


It's a lot of stuff that chickens need, but they're just so cute. You gotta bring some renew. You wanna go the chicken? I'm hungry. Yeah. Yeah. What you been up to late? My oldest favorite son Amra had, was nominated as the player, one of the player of the weeks. So y'all can go vote everyone go vote for my son. Okay. Okay. He was play, he's playing volleyball right now. This season he used to play basketball, so we are just like hyping him up and just very excited for him as he is like taking on this. He had one of his best games ever. My mom was in attendance and so was his oldest sister and myself.


And we just, I mean, volleyball, who would've thought, You know, just these different, the sports, but he's killing it. He is doing it. And pun intended, because he had like something crazy like all these kills, which means like you spiked the ball and the point is dead and he is just thriving. I'm happy for him. So my baby is, You know, he's just, he's just doing him and he, he's making his own lane. So I'm happy for him right now. So celebrating him. Congratulations. Thank you. Thank you. So it's never a dull moment. I'm just enjoying being on spring break from school. So I'm just taking care of things at home with businesses and just things like that.


Other than that, I'm just kind of flowing. Okay. Just living life. Just living. Just living. Yeah. As you should Boo boo. As you should. Now let's get into it Today, what we going, what we got going on? Ashley, what do we have going on? Girl, Ms. Carly Red, she is going, she is ab awarded $18,000 a month from her divorce settlement. Are they married? Oh, I didn't even know she was married, to be honest with you. I remember when she got engaged, like it was a whole thing, but I didn't even know she had gotten married. But apparently they have been married and now they're newly divorced and she's walking away with a check every month.


And a lot of people have a lot to say about that. What are the people saying? What is the people saying? The people, You know, of course the men feel Like, You know, she did it for a paycheck and that, You know, she doesn't deserve to be paid monthly. You know, they weren't married I guess too long. So they feel Like, You know, she got married for a paycheck. At the end of the day, he must pay some coins. I mean there obviously somebody is saying that she deserves this, whatever it is, but that number is, is very high. I mean, it's very high. 18,537, the exact, You know, that's, that's a lot.


I mean, I don't know business wise, usually that's a part of it, but that's, I don't, they wasn't married that long. I think that's Serenity baby. If you're gonna be a special guest, be quiet. Okay. Serenity got something to say on it. Serenity, how you feel about it? Yeah. Yes, she said she for it. I mean, what y'all think? I mean, I personally feel Like, You know, time is money and if men wanna go into it and say that it is, You know, a contract of some sort, You know, then you need to make sure that you agree to the terms so that if you get into a divorce that it ends amicably, amicably.


I can't say that word, but y'all know what I'm trying to say, You know what I mean? So I feel like if they agree to it, they agree to it. What is y'all problem? Why y are y'all upset? He might have, You know, deep pockets that might be pennies to him that might be pocket change to him, You know what I mean? And I feel like if you're married to somebody and y'all have an agreement, you don't know what their marriage was set up like. You don't know if You know she quit her job, You know, to be a wife. He may have asked her to step down from a role or something, You know, they, you don't know what agreement they had. And so maybe this is, You know, payment for whatever they had agreed upon.


I just, And I don't think it's a problem. It's, it's tough. It is tough. You know, when we did our show, we had our prenup scene and You know, my lawyer came with it And I was like, okay, You know, whatever. But even listening and looking at, You know, what was being countered and going back and forth, I just, I wouldn't, in real life, like in actual actuality, I would not agree. I would not agree upon that. I just feel like it's too short of a term to be afforded. You don't have kids together. I don't even think they've been, I didn't even know they were met.


But you don't know what their agreement was. They might have signed a prenup that said if we divorce in two months, there's no longevity, there's no legacy. You get divorced in five months, then you'll get this much. So we don't, You know, You know, we don't, we don't know. There's no longevity to, to Sheree's point, You know, there's no children, there's no legacy. There's nothing in wrong for your investment that's award equity. But y But y'all don't know that. Y'all don't know what she gave up. Y'all don't know what her terms were. He agreed to it. If he agreed to it, agreed on it. What, what if it's, it's just, You know, the system then he should signed a, the prenup that said that she doesn't get spousal support.


He only gets this amount. Like nobody's tricking you with awarded support. I mean, what would you be awarded spousal support? Didn't they just get married? How long have they been married? Spousal support is, it's not it, it's not about that. Y'all are missing it. Like when you're, when you get married And you sign in the contract And you do a prenup, you can put whatever you want in aup. You can say she don't get a dime. You can say, You know, we walk away with our own stuff, whether you're married for a day or if you're married for a hundred years. But You know, in our world today, prenups are not talked about prenup. What if they didn't do a prenup and it's just they went to court and that's what she was awarded.


That's why we have to teach our people to about prenups and sign prenups. And That's right. And to be fair, You know, giving someone that has, has been through a divorce, spousal support is to keep the same energy. I'm just giving you lack of law terms, the same energy of this is the lifestyle that it takes to, You know, if you were my spouse, this is what I, I chose to show you. Invest in you. This is how the kid should live. That's what support means. Exactly. And I just feel like it wasn't enough time for him to, but that's like support.


Yeah, but they got married, not, no, not thinking they were gonna divorce. Divorce, yeah. No one should go into it and that, so if I, if I agree to marry somebody, I'm agreeing thinking I'm gonna spend the rest of my life with him. So say he changes his mind one day, that's not fair to me that he changed his mind two days in. That's not my fault. I might have made decisions, I might have made life decisions at this point that might have altered my income, that may have changed my lifestyle that may six months. So I just feel like in six months, yes. You never know. I'm just, I'm just, I'm fighting.


I'm talking about it as if I'm in court And we going through a divorce And I didn't want the divorce. He's asking for the divorce. You know what I mean? And I just feel like you have to protect yourself. And back to what you were saying, Sharelle, we do have to educate, You know, we have to talk about it more. And I think it goes back to another conversation we had some other day when I spoke about, You know, like doing marriage counseling and stuff like that. There's reasons why, like there's things that you're supposed to do before you get married because this, that way you have the tools that way you're not doing something blindly and you're not making decisions impulsively mess you up in the future.


So like you were saying, I think, You know, the system is set up in ways that can be seen unfairly, but there are ways that you can protect yourself as well. So it's like we can't on one hand be upset. You know, my question is, would you have, we can also be uneducated about the situation where you can protect yourself. Would you give the same advice if he, if it, if the roles were reversed and he went to get style support from her? I would always say protect yourself. Both parties. I agree with that. Ashley, both parties. So, so in, in her, in her, if he was asking for spousal support, I would've, I would definitely say the same thing.


But I'll also, whoever is the person who needs the spousal support though, I would make sure that my, whatever I need is written. Like it's in the prenup or it's written in whatever needs to be written down legally so that both parties, You know, are happy with the terms. I just feel like get married, you are right. I just feel like everybody, it sucks that you have to, we have to talk about it. Oh, serenity, it sucks that we have to talk about it, but it's just crazy. 18,000, 18,000 is a lot. That is a lot. I mean, I know if it's shared assets, mortgages, you have businesses, whatever you invested in or whatever the case may be.


But again, I'm gonna say, I'm gonna lean on the fact of building these investments, building children and legacy and expenses and, and You know, tuitions and book supplies and travel and nannies and staff and, and groceries, all these things. I mean it's just very much tell Like, You know, alimony's different alimony has usually stipulations where it is like if, like if you get, or it should stop because you're accustomed to a certain lifestyle. Now again, I don't really know their situation. I don't know how long they've been married or together, whatever the case may be.


But it seems very short termed. There's cause of like annulments and also just a lot. This is a, that's a lot of money regardless of how, how much you're making just to just say here's a cushion to, You know, just because we didn't make it in marriage again, we don't know what any contract says. We don't know anything what the paperwork says. And obviously paperwork means something. But I think it's excessive. I think it's a lot. It is. But this goes to tell you, like actually said before, you definitely need to put everything in writing, play, play, play, fight. Because you don't know. A lot of times we go in, You know, with the butterflies thinking we're all in love, but you don't know what's gonna happen.


Yes. Real stuff. Eight months, 12, 20 years, whatever. So you have to take care of yourself because the way you love, love can end and it's a disaster that's with God. So I mean, And I, and again, I'm all for agree with, you should have things in writing. You should have, You know, handshakes and very much say, this is what we think because it is health concerning, it is legacy building. It is generational. It, it's a lot that goes into it. But you just have to be mindful of what you want, what you're bringing to the table and also what, You know, you're willing to give up just in case something does happen.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. But what about, I mean also you, you marry somebody And you think you're gonna have a, You know, this lifestyle, right? You think you're gonna live a certain way and You know, things don't work out. Would you rather stay in the house with them, let them live with you, You know, continue basically paying for their lifestyle? Or would you rather just pay up the sps of support? I think it goes two ways. One, to, to give a lump sum at the beginning. So you can just be Like, You know what, I don't wanna deal with you anymore.


Go your way. That's if you have it And you wanna have that energy of just like closure. But at the same time, if you have a family, you have like these investments, you have other things that are like, have been built over years. I think you need to do a better, a better service of protecting that legacy, You know, of not getting emotionally tied into these things, but also very structurally and emotionally intelligent. Being intelligent, making wise decisions about, You know what we've invested in our children. We've ve invested in education, we've invested in longevity of like, this is what we want. We see for the future of our nest egg.


That's a difference. So it's also depends on how you end, end the relationship too. If it's very bitter, if it's very heavy, if it's very angry, it's gonna be a lot of Like, You know, up me versus you. But if you, because You know, they say like it's cheaper to keep her so it's cheaper to keep it. And I like going through it worse. It's cheaper to keep her financially for financial reasons, say with the person and not get divorced. It's cheaper. Cheaper. Move on. Y'all are seeing other people. Could you do that? It's cheaper to keep her. But health is wealth. I'd rather my health, my mental health of us being in separate households than me over here being combative and showing a horrible example for my kids.


It's better because you're making it worse. You go, you are making it worse. Trying to stay in a situation. Yeah. You're not happy. The kids pick up on the energy. It's just, it's better sometimes they, yes, they say it's cheaper to keep, but it's best to just exit the relationship and pay what you have to pay health healthy separately. Yeah. And you never know, like sometimes things can change if you exit out of a relationship, he healthy, maybe y'all can come to terms on something else, which is amazing. You want that. Yeah. Always good. And I think that's what like mediation is for first right? You to go to mediation and try to like come to terms and agree to something that both parties, You know, can deal with.


That's right. You go to court, things get nasty, you start seeing different, different sides of people. Yep. That you co start coming out. The lawyers start lawyering. That's what what with my, with my divorce, it was Like, You know, I leave with what I came in And you leave with what you came in with your business. It's your business. My business is my business. Like I don't want to get yeah, get the courts involved. It's not that serious. Like, we both know how to make money. It's, it is what it is. It gets tricky though when you, when you built something together though, again, you built, we built, we had a house in everything.


Built a lot. And I invested in those things, but I wanted, I chose my happiness and my peace more than anything. And I would rather just exit out and let some people say they don't care about piece of happiness. They want that coin. Yeah. But see I'm a woman that know how to make coins. So I'm not gonna continue to fight for and just just stall out things when it's just, I'd rather just leave out the situation because my head and cha Sharelle, to your point, lawyers don't know who you are. They don't know the pillow talk. They don't know the time that you've invested the, the, the, the trajectory that you built with somebody, the generational curses you wanna stop. So to me it is getting real disrespectful when you start to have these lawyers really fight against each other and they're expensive.


And no offense to any lawyers, You know, that's, I know I I we have tons of friend lawyers, but at the same time they're taking hard earned, hard earned money and they are really saying, You know, put pitting people against each other and saying, You know what, she deserves this because X, y and Z, he deserves this because X, Y, and Z. But at the end of the day, it should be about the kids. Like what is best for them. And it's, it becomes difficult because now you're spending money to have other people delegate what's delegate what's best for your children. That's it. It's just, it gets, it gets tough, You know, it just gets really tricky. But at the end of the day, it's business, it's contractual and You know, it just, it just becomes, it sucks though because you have something so beautiful you're in love.


And then when you go down that, that road where it's like, now y'all begin to hate each other. Y'all have beautiful babies together and it's like, y'all are at war and then what makes it worse is your lawyers. So it's just, it sucks that we, You know, you exactly like you said that don't know you. So it, it makes it even 10 times worse when they get involved, right? Yeah. Right. Well do y'all feel like, do y'all believe men should get spouses support? I mean I think it goes both ways. Like I said, you have to protect yourself. But as if I was a man, I don't know, seems like these men these days do wanna check.


You know what I mean? Like they'll take the check. But I don't know, I, I would feel some kind of way, I think as a man taking money from a lady that I no longer want to be with it, it really showing his true colors at the end of the day. Like if you like going around and saying, You know what, she owed me this. Like, come on bro. Like you really gonna sit there and pay for a round of drinks and be like, yo, 'cause my girl got it, my ex girl got it. Like that's not a flex. Let's be real. I think Halle Berry is known to have given all her husbands a lot of money. Her ex-husbands a lot of money. I think she was just the bread one J-Lo like it's a lot of celebrities out here paying out to these ex-husbands.


And I mean some big checks too. We gotta we gotta ask the humble daddies. Humble daddies. Y'all in the chat. Do y'all feel like the men should be awarded thousand support or is it just a woman's thing? What y'all think about that? That's what's a great question by the way. I already know what they gonna, I already know. They gonna say run it. They not run my money. I dunno. There was somebody else, there was somebody else that I, I feel like just recently was saying they were, they have to pay spouse support. I was watching a woman. Yeah, that's all I see now. Really. That's the first time in a long time.


We're talking about it. A lady, the supposed like the women glasses, let's not get it twisted. Oh yeah, we gotta meet the new targets now, right? Is that what it is? You gotta, we gotta, when they gotta make sure they got they paperwork and yeah, them prenups. But I'm down for, I'm down for signing prenups. It is what it is. I I'm, I'm okay with that. It should be fair though. But when you start building together, then you need to start like understanding what that really means. Yeah, I'm curious what the chat has to say about that. But I think it is a double standard though between men and women for sure.


Because historically women will get spousal support and alimony And I know women whom withdrawn from getting married so they can still get that alimony check. 'cause they know that the guy that they're dating is, is bringing in less than what they're getting from their ex-spouse too.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert came, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly. My dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


That leads us into our next topic. Oh, does it? Oh well look at that. That value man versus the broke boyfriend debate. Oh, look at that. Serenity say no broke boys allow, should women only date men who are financially established or is love more important than money? Are modern dating standards setting women up for success or struggle? Okay, well let me speak And I don't think, I don't want y'all to to give a answer for, for the world just to a a what do you call a political answer.


I want y'all to give this answer and if y'all were answering it and what type of man would y'all date as someone who is dating currently and as, as well as someone who is established as well as someone who has seen a lot of the world and will want to continue to see a lot of the world I'm dating a certain caliber of man. It is what it is. That's what I expect. That's what I'm attracted to. That's what I'm going to date. And what, what caliber, what certain caliber is that? Like meaning what? Like I give me a scale. 'cause I'll tell you. No, I ask the question.


What's your caliber, what does high, what does a high standard mean to you? What does that mean? The question is, would you be a financially stable man or would you be, don't care about his finances because you're only 100% 100% financially stable. I like the finer things in life, but everybody wants to financially stable. That's what I hope you want. But what're really talking about is do you, can you date somebody who is financially stable? Meaning they, they they pay they bills Or are you looking for somebody who's financially stable? Meaning they travel the world on yachts and they live a luxurious life and can provide in ways that most of the, the world cannot let me be real with you.


It doesn't have to be the That's too different. Financially stable. Yeah, financially stable to me is we can still have date nights. We can have, I, I don't mind a movie at home. I don't mind popcorn being popped in the microwave. It is what it is. I'm not saying any of that. What I'm saying is I definitely want someone who has a nest egg has, I mean, I'm at my age, I have something to bring to the table as well. I have lived this life. It can be intimidating for just whomever that is randomly trying to approach me. You know, so it'd be, I'm attracting honestly mirroring the type of man that knows what is going on with all of this.


I mean, I can talk about going to see the pyramids in Egypt. I can go ahead talk about living in abroad in Israel. I can talk about these things and living in Miami and in X, y, and Z. So it, it is just, so if he can't talk about those things, you're not interested. I'm not interested because we have to have stimulating conversation because I'm also very, but he can still have stimulating conversation even though he's not as well traveled as you. But it's not about well traveled either. It's still about, it could still be a guy who is still very much a CEO of a business and grinding. He hasn't had time to travel. He's open to the fact that I'm able to like set And I plan some things.


Say this is what is dope here in this, this location. And really still be able to, You know, understand that it costs this and it has time off to do this. I've talked to different kinds of guys, You know what I mean? So it's not just about like financially set. They're also being able to be set in power and set and be empowered as well as set to be like CEOs and things like that. So they know how to move. That's sexy. Okay. What if they the CEO of their business, they in power, they the CEO but the CEO ain't making no income, but they can stimulate your mind by their conversation. What you doing Lex? I mean, I love, I love a great conversation.


I think that's sexy. Are you dating him with no income or you moving on sis? I'm not dating him with no income. Who's, I wouldn't want that for my, my my lady. He, he the CO with no income, the business. Look at these, don't, don't date a guy that is a CEO that has no income, no his, his business registered in sun. He the CEO of his business, right? He can no income. There's no income. I think my ladies are tired of taking care of this. Like we want, we want to be catered to. We wanna have something at least match it. I don't know though, because it's been a lot of women out there that have been just dating for love and, and they are the breadwinners.


But it gets tiring and exhausting. I mean, I, I mean I feel you, but I don't know. I mean actually I'm not saying about one date for just love, but like, I don't know. I would, I would try it out. I would not, I'm gonna be honest and I'm gonna be honest for all of us. Don't be honest with me. Just speak for yourself. 'cause it's easy for Ashley to say, because Ashley is in a, a marriage and her husband, they're very well off. But when you experience a situation where you have to live out on your own And you grinding and hustling, you get tired of that.


You want a man to be a man. You want a man to financially provide. I'm Like, You know, relationship where I have to be the head in the finances. It's not happening. Lemme tell you. Lemme but we still have conversation. I'm not gonna fully respect you as a man. If I'm making all the financial decisions, if I'm the one the bread winner in the relationship, I'm gonna, I'm the alpha in this relationship and I'm gonna run over you. I'm not gonna have respect for, but this is not what I'm talking about. That's not what I said. I wouldn't date somebody like that either. I'm saying I would date somebody who's financially stable, period.


Okay. That means I love that they can take care of themselves, they can pay bills, they can can go on dates, blah, blah, blah. I'm credit score. Y'all didn't hear my question. My first question, are you a boyfriend? Oh, that's not broke. I said financially safe. My, my question before we got into this topic, are you dating a broke girlfriend but you're not letting, are you dating? You going for Well, no, what I'm saying is I think we're all in agreeance. We don't want no broke boyfriend. Don't nobody want no broke boyfriend. Okay. But I think there's a difference between somebody who's financially stable.


Like they're paying their bills, they have good credit, they have a decent job, whatever. And then there's these other men who are, You know, footing the bill for all kind of things like the extras, You know, shopping sprees and trips and blah, blah blah. Like then that those, those men, right? That's a small percentage by the way, whatever. I'm just saying, I would be open to dating the guys who are just financially stable because it's like, on one hand we're preaching that like we can make our own money, we can pay our own bills, we can do this, we can do that. So if we are already doing that, why would that feel stressful?


You know, why would paying our own bills be stressful if we're already preaching that we do that And we are independent And we can do our own thing, blah, blah, blah, blah. And if right now I'm just looking for love, I'm not looking for somebody to pay my bills, then I don't feel like there's any stress involved. But if you are looking for somebody to pay your bills, then I can see why that would be stressful. But if we're truly saying we are just looking for love, we are not looking for somebody to, You know, pay the bills and make sure, You know, I got a house, a car, got the latest clothes on and blah, blah blah. Then I feel like, I think I, I think it's very much, it's transactional.


It's, it's very unconditional. But at the same time you wanna cushion, You know, you get to a certain point where you wanna like go out to eat and have date nights. You wanna go ahead and do these things. You want stability. And if you are taught a certain way and if you see a certain standard And you feel like you're that value, you're valued and you're projecting this merit, but you're not less valued because a man can't take you that I'm gonna go ahead, I wanna project someone who can match my energy. You know, I don't want anyone a man that's intimidated by the fact that I, I can travel or wanna travel, but he's not intimidated. He's just, that's not where he puts his money to at the time because maybe he's investing in his company and he's doing things, he's just not there yet to be able to do those things.


So I'm saying like, it's not a man that's broke and that's can't hold a conversation. I'm talking about a good man, somebody we will all be interested in talking to, like has the conversation, blah, blah, blah. He may be, well Trevor, just at this moment in time, he's not offering you that. He's offering, he's offering love though. That's what, but that's what I'm, that's I'm saying realize most women, they like to be catered to. They like to have those things. Don't, you can still be gifts. They like receiving things, saying you're not offering anything financially I don't like that's not why she gonna the bar.


It should be it not enough after so long looking for it's not enough after so long, Ashley, like we can talk and it's, it's stable. Like it has to get to that next level. I more than that, I want more than that because I want more than that too. I deserve more than that. I, I think Y y need to say that y'all are looking for love and those things. Because again, I'm looking for, I'm not just looking just because you're finance And I said that. No, you said, I never said that. I just want you to be financially stable. I said I want you to make, well I thought the question was, And I want you to take care of, like, I don't wanna always have to take care of myself.


Like if I want, if I want the man, I want you to go above and beyond for me. Be that man. That's what I, I feel like a man can go above and beyond and it not be like in a financial way is what I'm saying. Like he can go above And I both, I mean And I God deserve it. I'm just saying I think it's still possible to be fulfilled by love and him not doing all these over the top. It doesn't have to be over the top. It has to be thoughtful. It has to be intent.


Not over the top. I haven't listed things. I love hair. You want him to go over the the top. That's what I get from my name. If I'm with you and I'm giving you my stuff and I'm giving you all the expect for you to do things, then just be financially stable and allow me to pay my things And you pay yours And we, oh, just because we're in love, I want more from you. I do like eight. Eventually that shit will fade. I'm sorry. Sorry babe. Couple years. Eventually that will fade away. You're gonna want more from them than just Oh, we carry a good conversation. Yeah. I'd rather have good conversation for a lifetime and somebody that I can like, because material stuff doesn't fucking matter.


Material thing. I'm glad it's not about material thing. I'm not saying that. I'm just saying I'd rather have someone that is, I don't, I love unconditional love. I love, but I also wanna see acts of love. I wanna see time spent. I wanna have a good, I didn't say he's not giving you acts of love though. That's what I said. I didn't say that. I said this is a good man. He got good conversation. He's doing things, he is going above and beyond. He may not be traveling all over the world or whatever y'all are saying. Like he might not be doing those things that are, can be expensive or whatever. But he's still showing you, he's doing the things he's doing. He's, You know, I love it.


Doing the things that make you feel cared for. But you're saying that that stuff doesn't matter. You know, you said earlier, Ashley, you said that he's not doing these, doing financial things. He's just you taking, And I, that's what I'm saying. He's doing things but not financially. Like he's not paying for extras. Like you may be paying for your card, your regular shit, your regular bills that you're already stuff paying our own bills. But it, it can't stay stable. Like we have to go to that next level where you're surprising me. You're doing things for me. That is, he is surprising you still, he is surprising you.


Let's get we it is what it is. What I guess honey, I'm trying to, we agree to disagree. That's what we have to do. Because I'm just, I, I know what I give off. Maybe I'm not understanding, I'm, I just know what I give off. I mean, I know I'm, I am attracting men that are very much sitting in their power, very much have this ego, this very much Like, You know, that's the ex-wife of X, Y, and Z. She's dated such and such. She travels this way. She wear dresses this way.


There's wine like this in the, whatever the case may be. I understand that. I also understand what I'm also attracted to too. Like, I like doing certain things and so it just comes hand in hand. So the kind of guys that are approaching me and very much wanna start investing me, yes, it is intentional. Yes, it's unconditional, but it's also monetarily, it's also experience wise, it's also very much trying to match my energy. 'cause they know what I'm bringing to the table. I encourage my girls to elevate their levels of like the bar. Like why should you wanna be trying to really like pay for everyone's everything like dinner and, and trips and all these things.


I time is spent very much, well, like we can have good conversation, we can have nice walks, things like that. But we also have to have experience. We also also have to have elevation And we also have to have going forward. Like that's what a relationship is. You don't wanna stay. I, I don't agree with anything you're saying. I think that financially person wants girl saying things too. You say what? Actually I said I'm not disagreeing with anything you're saying. Okay. I'm saying. But just like a financially stable person wants those things too. Somebody who's just interested in love also wants those things.


I agree. Everyone wants to, wants to elevate. I mean, it's in our palms every day we see it. We scroll it, we subscribe to it, we wanna encourage it. All those things 100%. But I mean, we just definitely wanna live. Everyone wants to live and be the best they that they can be. No, You know, it's just, well, absolutely. I think I just think that you don't wanna suffer. No, I just don't want, I don't want women to miss out on somebody great. Because maybe they have an idea of what they want their man to be and what they want their relationship to look like.


Because, You know, people change, people grow. Like, so I, I don't know. I just feel like you, you might miss out on somebody if You know you are looking for a certain, You know, financial status. You know? 'cause I feel like really that's what we're talking about. And there's a lot of great men who are on their way there and there's a lot of great men who will have the financial status and then they lose everything. So it's like, then what? So I don't know. I just feel like, I think it's, I think it's a hard situation to be in because like when you're used to a certain lifestyle and You know what you attract, right?


You find this nothing against somebody working in their, let's say they are a shift manager at Burger King. You don't know that they're an amazing person And you are who you are. This person you meet, you don't know what he does nothing. Y'all have conversations. You didn't even ask what they do. You skip past that because y'all were so intrigued by the conversation And you get to like him, right? Y'all have amazing conversation. Y'all are going on dates or whatever. You start liking him, y'all carrying time together And you find out that he is a shift manager at Burger King. You cannot sit here and tell me that you will continue on.


You will feel some type of way. Yeah, I'm sure I would, but I think I would weigh my options. Like I think I would still consider it. I, You know, I don't, I don't if if love is really what I'm looking for, I think I would consider it. Okay. Especially if it's really love that I'm looking for Wait, let people have different things that they're looking for. So I just, you are right. It's per person.


You know, I could want a companion or a fill in or just a sexual companion or the baby's here. Sorry, I was just getting ready to turn up. She don't, along with that, I was about to turn up, You know, I could, it could be for a certain reason. Whatever I wanna put in face of like my fill in the blank, I'll look for it. You know what I mean? So like with that being said, I feel like we have to, we're doing ourself a dis dishonesty and a disservice if we are just gonna settle. I think that's what I, I feel at the end of the day. But why is that settling? I never said settling. No, I'm to somebody else that might not be settling though.


I just want more for myself. If you, it might be settling, I just want more for myself because you have a another something else in mind that you're looking for right? Then that would be better. Right? But then you have, but when you have the love, I've seen this situation happen so many times where a lot of people, especially women, say, oh, I just want love. I'm looking for love. Once you get into that relationship And you feel like that's the love of your life, then you become complacent. Most relationships become complacent because they don't know how to carry, carry them on. Then more issues than any, any relationship. Then more issues start coming on. Now when you accepted that shift manager from Burger King, now it's a problem. Hmm.


Because the finances are kicking in. The finances been kicking in. If he was a Burger King person, like, I, I just feel like in any relationship that could happen. People get complacent. And I agree with that. You know, the bills are paid, they can, anything in the world like that just happens in relationships period. I feel like I just won't set myself up for failure and allow myself to, to, and if you just have to be fi more financially, financially stable than me, like what ha be with men who are way financially stable and they ain't got shit else to offer and I'm not attracted to that they you off your feet and make you feel like they're the best and blah blah, blah.


Your bills might be paid, but the relationship ain't shit attracted. So, so that's what I'm saying. I would rather be at the other way around. I would rather be with somebody, You know, obviously I'm not gonna get with somebody when they're like broke and they can't, You know, pay their bills and stuff. But like, people go through things like, I don't know what our future holds for us. I don't know if we'll always live the way we do, You know what I'm saying? But I know I love my husband and I'm not gonna leave. No, I'm not saying that you're gonna live. I'm saying when you're getting into a relationship, that is a major thing because the major thing that break relationships and friendships up is finances. That's number one thing that breaks up. So before I even allow myself, of course it's more than finances, but before I allow myself to get into a relationship and get that close to a man, my, my bar is set right here when it comes to finances, I'm with you.


Of course I'm looking at everything else, but I'm not setting myself up for failure because I'm settling for someone who makes have a lower income than me. You're adding stressed, you adding more heaviness. You, You know, we have kids involved. Like, I'm like, eh, like what am I teaching my babies? Like, you wanna know. No, we're not doing this. Exactly. Hustling backwards. We're trying to grow and build. I want you, I want my man to have wisdom And I want, because with wisdom comes anything, money, power, everything else. But your finances definitely have to be there too. Yeah, I get that. That's all.


It's just, it. It is. And we are in a different, we are different age range too, You know what I mean? We have been married, we have been divorced, we know better. I'm the same age And I But you've also in that's been divorced, haven't been divorced either. That's a whole nother situation. We're just saying because we're dating and really we can, we can talk about where we are now. We can also speak on how we were before. You know what I mean? So it's just like, I can't, like even just men dating me now, they see the last name and they're like, Ooh, I don't know. That deletes a lot of people. And then there are those ones that are like, Hmm, what's up? You know what I mean? Like right.


I can match that energy or even better. So it's just, it just is what it is, You know, at this, at this stage. That's it.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert came, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


We, we ain't at that point actually. Well we just have to, we, we just getting in the relationship just for love And we going, we have to, we could choose, we wanna disturb this piece. We, we paying that point. Now we wanna know who's gonna disturb this piece up in here. You know what I mean? Who's gonna come in here and turn all the, yeah, I guess I'm just a hopeless romantic And I wanna be in love. You experienced the divorce and the, and the finances and all that And you ain't got, we ain't got time to start over baby. We ain't got time to start over. No, we don't. We wanna get right to the middle. Nitty gritty. I see you, you see me. We're intentional. What's good, let's build, let's go.


You know, I'm the hopeless romantic. I love it. I love it. I love it. I've been there. And you should, And you And I am too still in this s stage, I believe in fantasies and all these dreams and things. They happen. You know, why do some women shame each other for wanting a man with money? Is it gold digging or it's just setting the standard? I think LX answered that one, which I, a lot of people may call us gold diggers because of our answers of what we, why we explain what we explained.


Lemme tell you something everyone. I don't think y'all sound like gold diggers. I think y'all have been hurt And I like y'all have been through so much. Yes. I think y'all have been through traumatic like situations and relationships with men. So now the love part of things isn't, don't hold as much weight. You know what I mean? So I disagree, I disagree. I think whatever you've been through, I disagree. This just my cool, I'm giving perspective. I'm giving you my per, it's a conversation. I'm just giving you my, my perspective, my outlook on just what I'm hearing. I just feel like, because you guys, 'cause y'all are saying, well we've been divorced, you haven't blah, blah, blah, blah.


So obviously that has changed your perspective on how you would go about dating and whatnot. So outside looking in, to me it seems like weight, the love that the weight that love holds is not as heavy, You know, in a relationship that shift you're looking for. Now it's other things that are more, You know, important. So, and I'm not saying like y'all are y'all, something is wrong with you or whatever. I'm just saying like, the way I look at love, the way you look at love is different. Yes. To me right now, love is very much, I want intention, I want also the space of experience too.


So love is possible. Same. I I know I think we have, we want the same things, but I'm just saying like, I think there's other things that y'all are saying are more important. Yes. My bar is very past because of your past experiences. It's not coming from hurt, it's coming from experience and was Correct. Yes. That's what I was about to say. That's all. It's not the hurt. Okay. Okay. That's all. So my heart, mine comes from a bar setting even high. I'm not gonna lower my standards of cookie. Cookie. I said hurt because I'm thinking, I'm talking about emotionally. Yeah. Like emotionally. I was trying to think, I was trying to think of emotionally like where you would, because we're talking about love and love is an emotion.


I'm not talking about things like, experiences are kind of like things. So I was talking about more like emotionally what would fulfill you and You know, love. I feel like y'all got this much room for love And I this much room, all the experie have all the love, the level, the love will continue to, to grow. Especially if whatever my bar is into this relationship, it is there. The love will grow. There's no like little, and let me add to this Rell, the love that I have comes from experience.


It comes from hurt, but it also comes from healing. So this love over here is nurturing because I have children. It's nurturing because I love life and You know, my sense of adventure, it is so abundant and, and and like elevated as well as like electric. That's becomes more attractive. I gotta get off of me, You know what I'm saying? Like, You know, I, I'm setting that standard and that resume, You know, when you have a resume of a job, there's the a pile, the baw, the C pile. I'm definitely at the top of that a pile. I mean it's a lot going on over here, but at the same time, I'm bringing stuff to the table And I expect that from my partner. It is what it's, that's that I understand.


And I, I And I love it. I'm, I mean disproportionate. That's wrong at all. I like that. I hope y'all didn't take that from what I was trying to say. I, like I said earlier, I just want Sharelle stop looking like that because that is what's the look, what's the look ass? What's the look ass? Lemme see what that mean. My point, my point is I don't want women to miss out on a good man because he may not have on the outside what you think a man should have. Like blah blah blah blah. Like standards. It could be anything. It could be Like, You know how women are like, I don't want a man who's not six foot four or I don't want a man to who are everything and then they treat their kids like shit that's automatic red flag for me.


So, or things like that. You know what I mean? I see how they're talking to staff. I see how they're talking to people. I see how they're talking to someone that's cleaning up after them red flag for me. You know what I mean? So I get exactly what you're saying. I just have, yeah. So that was my point. That was all I was saying. I'm saying consider, consider it. Just consider it. Like it may not be what you thought you wanted or the ideal situation. Consider what, consider, I dunno if you happen to treat a man, if you happen to treat a man who is financially stable, by the way and does have all the things what she's sleep she about how, how you, your response.


She's Okay. Well I'm about talking then. Matter of fact, I'm Finn where, where we frequent, okay. That he finn go over here where we frequent And I a little happily married situation over here. Okay. Because I've just given my my point of view. That's all I can. And y'all don't wanna hear it. We're listening And we are hearing And we hear, I see people, we, I mean this not right. I need another person on here with me. 'cause y'all not gonna be ganging up on me. Are we ganging up? Yeah, it's it's through against one right now. Three against one. Where am I chairing at? Yeah, somebody, somebody.


No, I'm sure the chat lit right now, but no, I'm not, I'm just saying I want us ladies to have the bar standard high. That's it. I just, I believe in old school courting. I believe in, I also believe in picnics and, and what you can, I don't want you to go beyond be be above and beyond and being in debt. Like I don't want that. But nobody said that. Y'all keep saying that. Y y nobody in debt. I would not date nobody who can't pay the bills, who couldn't take me on a date. Like, y'all know that. So I know why in the beginning. Hold on, hold that thought. Lemme go take serenity to bed. But y'all keep on carrying, you keep saying, you keep saying like, my standard, your standards are here.


I think everybody has high standards. What I'm saying is don't miss out on a good man because he's not presenting in a way that you think is up here or whatever. Like, he may be up here in other ways, but you haven't gotten to meet him and not part of him yet. Because I don't know, y'all need time to get there or whatever. I, where we're traveling, where we are, what rooms we're in, how we're moving. We're also meeting those kind of guys too. I'm gonna be real with you. I mean, I'll wait till Sharelle gets back on that like back, back and locked in. But it's about that too. I mean, I was saying that it's, I was saying she saying like, we are in these rooms where we, the way we travel, we're in these, these rooms, we're in these board rooms.


We're in these events. We're in the back rooms of a concert. We're around these type of men. You know what I mean? That approach it Well we can have to wait the, the waiting game. What'd you say? Well, we, well we don't have to play the waiting game. What? Waiting game? Well, they just doing them financially And we doing us financially. And we we're, we're being approached by men that are established that understands what the woman wants and needs and what makes her happy. So they're, they're trying to be an addition too. I don't know. Y'all lost me now. But it's because you're contradicting yourself because you, you said one minute, you started off saying, I just don't, it's okay.


She pay her bills, he pay his bills And we are just falling. No, I didn't say she paid his bills. She said she paid her bills and he paid his bills Yeah. And it's just nothing financially there. It's just whatever. Y'all just falling in love with each other. Like y'all do realize a lot of people in America, they be paying they own bills and be married. It's, it's, it's not just that. It's like we want more to it than just having a good, but we're talking to an audience of people who are, You know, so when I'm speaking, I'm speaking to an audience of people, then I started speaking on me specifically, or really y'all, because y'all are dating. I'm just saying like, what if he, what if you met somebody?


He's financially stable, as in he pays his bills. You know, he's, he can take you on dates, he can do things, but it might not be the standard of up here. Like, like what you were saying, You know, that you want him to go above and beyond, like he's doing things above and beyond. But maybe it's not the expense of above and beyond that about expense. Yeah, it's not about that expenses. Well, that's what it sounded like before Love languages. It's time spent. It's, it's a lot of, yes. And I said he's doing all those things. But y'all were saying like, no, no, because my, my question in the beginning was a broke boyfriend or that, And I said, nobody wants a broke boyfriend.


So then we moved it on to saying, okay, he's financially stable, but he may not present as somebody who can do like the expensive things for, but it's, but of things, it's about like, it's small things. Like okay, you surprised me what they put on And you surprised me with roses. You going out your way to do those, those type things. Yes, yes. A man doing that. Yes. That's what I'm saying. He does that things. Y'all okay with that? What I was understanding from what you was saying in the beginning, you was like, he do his thing financially, she do her thing financially and y'all just have good conversation. That's what I was getting. I don't know, maybe Serenity was moving around too much, but he wasn't going above and beyond with other things.


I don't care about your expenses. Like, or it clearly came off to me that y'all were talking about And you Alexis saying about your, how well traveled you are and he needs to be able to do this and do that, like all these things. So I'm saying he may not present that he does all those things, but he is showing effort. Like he's, he's going above and beyond, but it might not be above and beyond experiences that you had with your ex-husband. It might be, You know, something else, but it's still going above and beyond, but above and beyond. Like, give an example, like how you were just saying like writing poems, showing like interest and effort and You know, being sweet, surprising you.


That's my, to me that's above and beyond. But to Alexis, that might not be. So that's what I'm saying. I don't know. Are y'all talking about like expensive stuff? Talking about, I'm saying the men that approach me as well as the confidence to continue just understanding what kind of woman I am, they're very much attracted to this is what it is. I travel, I am a philanthropist, I do these things X, y, z on. Well, okay, so it's just that, that okay. Over and over. But it's fine. I get it. We see things a little differently. Like I still think that whole love weight thing is there And I think that it is because y'all have different experiences than I have.


It's, but I don't hear you what I said because you only got one damn experience miss. So you can't, we can't, you don't understand what we're we're saying and what we've been through because you haven't experienced what we experienced and Well, we're also Viking too. I actually, I actually do experience. I actually do understand. I do understand. I'm just saying again, I just don't want women to miss out on a good man because he might not have, You know, whatever gets standard And I said it, your standard could be that he's six foot four and he does this and he's that. Like whatever your standard is, like, sometimes you might need to look somewhere different or at something different because you might be missing out on something.


That's all I'm saying. Yeah, but I just don't wanna give bad advice to men or women by just settling thinking. I don't think that's bad advice. No, I'm not saying I didn't, I didn't say you were, but I'm just saying my question in the beginning was, would you date a And we said no, no, we wouldn't date a broke boy. Right? So that's what we're focusing on. But you're not settling old just because he have a good conversation. Maybe we can work things out and grow with it. That's what what where our answers are coming from, our response are coming from. So to clear it up, even in the chat, we're not looking for, it's just we know what our standard is. We stand in the chat, we know what our standard is And we know at this point of age, we know what we want in a relationship.


We expect in a relationship, just like a man know what he want from a woman who's in her late thirties, early forties in a relationship. So it's not being a gold digger, it is not saying, oh, You know, you ruthless, let me know when you find this, that, and the third. It's like, I've been through this And I don't wanna go through it again. The love will come, the love will grow. But these are what I expect when I get into this relationship. I want intention, I want, I wanna talk. Everybody has   everybody has hitters. Everybody wants those things. So we are in agreeance on that. Totally. I don't think that makes y'all gold diggers or anything like that, but like you said, our experiences are different. So the way I think we talk about it and express it is different, but I think at the end of the day, we all want the same thing, but the way that we express it is gonna come out differently.


Stability, value because of our experiences, all that. And we can agree. I like arms and surprise flowers. I love that. I love a picnic. I love a walk. Somebody says, stop speaking for low income people. I don't think I'm speaking for low income people. I think I'm just speaking for, I'm trying to speak for ladies who are hopeless romantics that wanna find love. That's who I'm speaking. I'm all for hopeless romantics too. But I I didn't say you. I'm just, I'm not me. Yeah, no, I'm I I'm with you. I I'm all for all of that.


I believe in alignment. I believe in chance meetings, all this kind of stuff. I do, but also, You know, wanna turn up and have a good dinner And we are not thinking about that either. I'm, I'm just speaking real because You know, at the end of the day when them, when that love starts to get a little comfortable over there, but what about when the money and the butter fade away? But what about when the money run out? No, because y'all gonna talk about it. Y'all going get it going. Y'all already have y'all businesses and everything established. Yeah, but you can talk about love too. Just like you can talk about business. You can't, you can talk about what mom, you can talk about love.


You can talk, take work. Just like finances. Take work. You gotta put just as much effort in both boat. I agree with that. Yeah. You I feel like you gotta put more I would. I I would. I'm telling you it's it's both. It's both. Like you gotta work on the love keeping the love part just as much. You got work on the finance part because can, both of them can ruin communic communication. It's just communication one need, all that kind of stuff. But every, like, going back to it, everybody expect different things and they should answer for somebody else who don't care about, You know, everyone's different.


I have my standards, I have my, this is what I need from you. It is what it is. That's my list. It's from me. I think everybody should definitely have standards and have a list. Like you have to, to like, what are your non-negotiables? What are you not, not fuck withable. Just like, but I'm gonna say it like, I'm gonna say this right here though. To back to Ashley. I don't think it should be equal. What should be equal? You said the love and the the the work should be equal though. I feel like the work should be a little bit more because love ain't paying them bills. I mean, I think that it is not a equal thing.


It's just like a balance thing. It's like a, sometimes the love part might need more work, more time, more effort and then some, or it might be the business part y'all need to work on y'all finances more. Like especially if you, in a long-term relationship, shit gonna be like this age 2050 question. So it it, it relationships they be doing all, You know what I mean? Yeah. So I don't know about it being equal, but I just think they're, they both gotta be tended to everyone be tended to. I'm, I'm on my fuck love tour. Fuck I see. Because I'm stressing love.


Meaning you don't wanna be in love or you wanna love And you not right now or until that person comes along. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna, when did I need to, I'm gonna take you on a date. Sharelle, you need some love? I'm gonna take, can I talk you out? I got, I I need to rub. I need to rub off. Girl says she joking y'all. I'm joking, I'm joking. I'm joking, I'm joking. It just sounded good. FL tour. I'm not gonna hold you. I definitely turned up right post-divorce, post breakup. But then I went on a whole sabbatical like Lex, we need to have a conversation.


No, I've been doing good y'all. I've been doing good. I'm here for you. I'm here for you.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.