
You're listening to an iHeart podcast. We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us.


I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up.


Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America.


Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today. Amy Robach and TJ Holmes. Here, Diddy's former protege television personality. Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts For you can hit hit them notes.


Real good girl. And I Amm gonna need you to Yes, you can start as soon as we get on. Don't start with listen portion. We gotta do a welcome. We gotta let the people know. Let all the people know that my girl pink and sing. Yes. She can go ahead and hit one note. Don't start. Come on. Shit. I'm not finna hit you. Says she not in the baby for the choir. Y y'all are not about to play with men. You can come on warm. What's up? What's, we're back with another episode of Humble Baddies. Yes, we are. The girls.


Come around. I'm back. Y'all miss me. You have Alexis Meyer. I'm in the building. And we got our girl Pia, with a special guest. Special guest guest. He was hungry. I told you my baby was downstairs crying. Oh. Oh. You could feel him. I know you could feel him. Hi baby. All that breast milk. You pop. You still gotta a freeze The load full of it. He eating it. He eating it. Aw. You see where the humble body, okay. Oh daddy. Pama pong. I love it. I love it. Portion. Gotta hold my tv.


Yes. We love this. Well, our girl Ashley could not make it today. We got our girl portion and Alexis in. And we got some tea to talk about to today, you guys. Yes, we do. We do. Here. We're y'all ready to get into it? Well, we should. Y'all, we gotta catch up. That's say Sharon, she ready to get to the tea. I wanna know how my, my girls are doing. I mean, we see we might be breaking the internet over here with Porsche. You know, being a a, a mom and breastfeeding, You know, live. I love this For us breastfeeding. This is who we are. That's all.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Full time. Yeah. But speaking of being a mother, I, my second child graduated high school yesterday. Congratulations on your graduation. Thank you. And my diploma, I'm very excited because all these nights of studying and telling him to be, You know, studious and clean your room and be on time for school and not be absent and all these things as far as rearing them and getting them ready for the real world. I, we, we made it, You know what I'm saying? It takes a, it's a team. So effort in the village, and my aunt and uncle are in town.


They came from St. Louis, Missouri and came in town. I mean, just celebrating all the family. I love that they still live stream graduation. So everyone that couldn't make it is able to see it live and cheer, have their, their watch parties and all of that too. So it was just a beautiful day. We gave him his car. He has a car for graduation. Oh. He wanted for a couple years. So that was the agreement. We, we get a diploma, you get a car. So he is now in the streets. So y'all get sent out extra prayer from me. You know, it's not having two out there now driving. Is he picky with his car? You mean like, almost like now he wanted be cleaning in there and all this kind of stuff or like the type he, like the type of car he wanted and he was made like, I want this type of car.


Well, he was like, this is the car I wanted. And he's, he's been consistent with it. It hasn't changed. And it's, it's his dream car, You know? And what a blessed it's, and I adopt me. What'd say? I mean, graduation. Can y'all adopt me? I know, right? Well, I have two more to go. I'm halfway there, but You know, after those cars come trickling, so now my, my, my driveway is like a parking lot. You know, we, it's little over here, You know what I mean? I know. But it's just taking off another pressure for me. 'cause now my school, my daughter is here, my son is driving. Like they have their own lives and I can't imagine my Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'm excited. It's just was a, a beautiful weekend.


What about you? Oh, that's amazing. Well, I have, it's been crazy for me. I've been traveling and getting ready. All my family is coming in tomorrow. My daughter graduates on Thursday. Yes. Congratulations. She does. Okay. Ari. Yes. So she's made up her decision. She's going to go to Don't roll your eyes. Be be support. She's still, still inde in indecisive. I don't know. It's between Alabama a and m and Bethune. That's great. Where do you go? Where is her to go to Alabama? A m Yeah. The bulldog. The bulldog. But yeah, she's, she's amazing.


She's at home relaxing until, until, You know, graduation. But she's been a big helper taking denim to his baseball practice. You know, I got her her card for Christmas. Yes. She was making good grades and I promise her that, You know, if you continue on, you can get her little dream card was the Tesla. So she was that. But it's, I know that's right. Helpful. So helpful. Because when you need Aaron's run, right? That's right. Listen Sir Ariana go get in and I be like, do you want me to sit in your car? Yes. I got the app on my phone. I stop it. Listen. I know that's right. I love it. I love it. But y'all kids is grown, graduated driving lives.


Denim turned 10 tomorrow. We had celebrated his birthday party yesterday and it's just been going summertime is about to start. Yeah. My other bonus shout. Congratulations to her. She graduated early from Prairie View. I couldn't make beautiful. Watch it live. So shout out to Sade. Beautiful. Shout out to Sade's. Shout out to my girl. Legacy. My girl finished kindergarten. She had her, her graduation of whatever. She stepped across the stage. My girl about that mom, she got in first grade. I mean, You know, I don't know. I don't really know how I'm supposed to feel about it.


'cause I'm like, aw, it's fun watching her grow up because she kind of wants to be just like me and she wants to put on makeup and do what mommy does and go where mommy goes. So it's cute, but it's also just like, girl relax. Like you just got here. Why are you growing up and grow up so fast? What are you doing so fast? You know what I mean? I see. Yeah. It's like you, you, it's beautiful to cherish these moments though because all these milestones, we work so hard as parents and these children work so much. They, they they, they're working hard too. And all we wanna do as parents is enhance the next generation. And we're doing that. And I wanna applaud you all because we doing it ladies, You know, we are.


This is not easy. You know, you see it. We got a multitask. We are, we we're, we're doing so much. And our plate are full. But at the same. Yes. See the benefit, the baby's happy now. The baby's good. You know, these are all benefits, beautiful benefits of being a mother. So they're shout out to our babies graduating. I love it for us, all the graduations. Yeah. It's a lot. It's a lot going on in this May. It is. And it's good. It's good to have the family around and, and cheer on and congratulate and just have that energy leading into summer. You know, it's like the finale, You know what I mean? Like we made it. Everybody like, we getting up early in the morning and it's a lot, You know, it's a lot with these schedules and, but You know what?


I am so happy. School is about to be over. I'm tired of waking up six o'clock in the morning. It's a lot. It's, it's, your kids don't get in early in the morning during the summer. 'cause mine finna be up regardless. No, in my face, what my sleep in they eat everything. They'll sleep in. Especially because they don't play sports. Serenity. Just Serenity is sleep in regardless. She acting like she has a, a double shift job. She's taking a long hour. She sleep on the double shifts. She go back to sleep. Her behind sleeping. Wake up at like 9 30, 10 and then she take her nap around six o'clock. She probably wake up around, she'll be waking up soon.


But thank they sleeping in over here. Move your hands crazy and get the baby. Everybody in my life is childish. Okay. Everybody in my life is child, but sure. The main childish one. I love it. I, You know, I am You are worship you, you the rain leader. Yeah. You have a good time. Play a lot. I play a lot. Okay. We'll we can't see it. It's all good into it because the tea is hot. The tea is Okay, let's go Portia, I wanna hear your advice on how you would feel about it because you experienced this. Let's talk about our girl Clarissa Shields on no sex for six weeks before a fight.


Mm. So when it comes to prepare for a fight, every athlete has their rituals. But Clarissa Shields, the undisputed queen of boxing just dropped the gym that had fans raising eyebrows and nodding in, in respect. In a recent interview, Clarissa said she does doesn't have sex for six weeks before a fight. Not for su superstitious reasons, but because, and I quote, I release it in the ring period. Clarissa. Okay, well the buildup, okay, alright girl. But I haven't heard this a lot. I mean, when, when my ex was prepared for his fight, I mean it was, it was no sex.


I feel like somebody created that, that whole thing and made it seem like it was, it is what it is. Like if you oh, if you have sex before you fight, then you gonna lose your fight. Yeah. No, that's a real thing. Yeah. I about to say medically, I'm sure You know, you have sex before they did a study about it. It's, it's for, it works for some people. Some, there are some fighters who throughout camp they will have sex and it doesn't, they feel like it doesn't affect them, it doesn't bother them, it doesn't whatever. There's other fighters who are very strict about it, who they will go the full and she's doing a six week camp because she fights often for fighters who don't fight as often as she does, which is literally everyone, they have 8, 10, 12 week camps, usually eight to 10 weeks.


And they don't have sex during that time. Because again, like you said, You know, scientifically it's about the testosterone, it's about the release. And, and fighters will tell you like, yeah, I was, I was gonna go spar in the gym and I had had sex, You know, before I went to the gym and I had no legs. It's kind of like, yeah, it's tiring. No legs. Like it's, it's something, I don't know what, but them legs will give out on them after they, they bust that quick one. Like they will go to the gym and it will be a wrap. So typically, yeah. You know, with Andre and I, we, we didn't for, for most of camp, like, he goes away for camp. So if he went to camp today, he'd go to Vegas, he'd go to Oakland.


He's not gonna be here anywhere near me. Yeah. When we first started dating, he was doing camping. You might break that up. You might break it. It's a distraction. It's absolutely a distraction. Absolutely. And just everything else too. Absolutely. You wanna lock in. For sure. I, I remember when I was in Tampa and he was doing camps in Winterhaven, his camp, like his, You know, his, his cousins, his, everybody around him was very much like, okay, shout out to po you need to stay away from her. She can't come shout out to Polk County girl. I was in, I was in the sign flying to Polk County an hour on the road. And I would come like in the middle of night just so we can duck off and do a little something in the car and not finish. You know what I mean?


Oh, it's not, it's the finishing that's the problem. The release. It's the release. That's the problem. And we would play them games up until like week four. Once they got to, like week four, it was nothing. Then it was like, okay girl, now you gotta relax. Like now we gotta relax. 'cause he's calm down. Yeah. It's serious. You know what I mean? Gotta lock in. But like now, like if he goes to camp now, it'd be eight weeks and it'd, it'd be, it'd be nothing. It'd be two months, three months, nothing. Nothing at all. Nothing. I feel like basketball would, is different. Just 'cause it's just so many games. It's, I mean, I think it's, and it's also per person. Exactly. You know, whatever your, whatever your routine is, whether it is like a meal, a nap, a coffee in massage.


But see the thing, whatever, You know, I don't know if it's like, You know, it's per athlete too. They're mental, they're emotional as well. You know, with basketball you can't, you really can't wait. Basketball, football or boxing is very intense. Absolutely. And you're in the ring for minutes and rounds. So, and constantly moving. Constantly moving. Like with other, other, other sports. Other sports. It's a team effect. So you have the time to take a break. I mean, with, with boxing, I understand why people say don't do it. And I don't know. Well, because it's just an athlete. It's an athlete. It's an athlete mentality. What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters?


It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee. A video game that's two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big to learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon.


We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade-in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 0.99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months.


0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade. In and additional terms apply. Amy Robach and TJ Holmes here, Diddy's former protege television personality, platinum selling artist Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. Aubrey O Day is sitting next to us. Here you are. As we sit here, right up the street from where the trial is taking place. Some people saw that you were going to be in New York. Yeah. And they immediately started jumping to conclusions. So can you clear that up? First of all, are you here to testify in the Diddy drop? Aubrey will offer her opinions and expertise based on her firsthand knowledge from her days on making the band as she emerged as the breakout star.


The truth of the situation would be opposite of the glitz and glamor. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages to meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


Whatever makes you weak or whatever makes you not focused or not be competitive and be at your peak level. You're gonna withdraw from you are gonna, You know, that's the discipline of being an athlete. Like, I know what my body needs. I know when my body hurts and I know what hurts my body and if I wanna be the best. And You know, being competitive, you wanna win. So if I think this is a weakness or it's been told it's a weakness and medically it's been a weakness and my trainers and my, it's embedded in your energy of like, I'm not playing around because I wanna be the best and I'm gonna let them know. Now you get to the point where you even have, like, again, that's why like, let me just put this out there. Like smoking for example was lifted, You know what I mean?


In, in certain sports because it, it's not affecting performance. It must be, if, if if a whole league, one of the top businesses in the world is saying it doesn't affect play, then You know, go forward. But that's per player. So I just think it goes off of also like, You know, what gets them to lock in and what they also feel comfortable with because they wanna be their best. I feel like with boxing, that that aggression is just, it's just more necessary than it is in all those other sports. Like, you need that aggression, which is very interesting because I feel like when women don't have sex for a while, do we get that? Because I know it's the testosterone buildup for the men that you, you gonna see you be angry.


I love, but I don't think I'd be, I might be irritable, but I ain't irritable Clarissa being a beating ass. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. I don't think it's doing enough of that for me to where I'm really finna beat the bishop. Like Yeah, me either. I mean, yeah, you, but you never know, like all the aggression you have and you need to release, you releasing it out on. And it's not like she's angry but she's releasing it. It's like a, it, it feels good. It's a a plus. It's an endorphin. It's endorphins to take it out. So it's not like she, oh You know, I'm about to beat this urist 'cause I ain't have no six and it's only, and it's only six weeks. Oh no. Like, let's be real, You know, like it's only six weeks and it's only six weeks is six.


It's only six weeks to a woman. It is not the same as six weeks to a man. Six weeks to a man is like, bitch, I'm about to die six weeks to a woman is like, oh man, I ain't had sex in six weeks. And then you s about your business. That's do something. That's what the standard is post having a baby anyway, baby. It's like six weeks. But who'll follow that anyway. I'm still gonna, I'm still gonna push you to eight. I get what y'all follow the six week standard. That eight week standard. Yes. Yes. Psycho. Nobody wants somebody running up in there after that, after all of that chaos and all of this. Ooh, it retracts back.


Like, it it, yeah, we know that it's not about the retracting, it's about the It's trauma. Oh, the trauma. Yeah. The post post trauma. God, after four, after three and a half weeks, don't nobody still be thinking about what came up out of there. Three a minute insane. I I don't want your, I mean we do not recommend this. Not three days. I do not recommend. Well, I'm not the only one who didn't wait the full. I know we know you're not the only one, but you only one outta those three. So how long did you wait? Three and a half weeks. You're insane, bro. I took a miracle to that for all. And I was right and I stopped bleeding.


You're you're still you and you're still healing. That's too much. Too much. That's me. That's okay. Shut around. That's me. I say it all the time and I always forget where it came from. I know you think about me around Shut real. That came from, lemme tell you now, I'm not gonna tell you where it came from. That was funny. That was fun because we was, we was somewhere we was You told me. Oh, we were in Ashley's backyard. We was in Ashley's backyard. I must say it something out of pocket. Yes.


You said something outta pocket. Was it the balloon? And Alexis said, sure. That shit Yes, yes, yes. Funny because she, you said something like, I, I don't know. I don't even say say what? I it now. This is confidential information. I know, I know. I, well off off camera we'll talk about it. I ain't gonna say what you said, but it was funny. But Alexis Char, it was the ba balloon exercise, bro. I hollered, I'm still, yeah, I am dying. Okay. Yeah. I had a, I had to let Shire know. I was like, I was Sharelle, got a cat, made a titanium talking about three weeks. What is that? Three and a half.


They, You know, they call me w they call me Wolverine because I heal so fast. Okay. Okay. I feel so fast. Ooh girl, that does not sound right. Sure. Real. Oh my. Yeah, sure. Well you gotta hit, you gotta hit him with a dad deserves it. I mean, like if I get a scar or, yeah, sure. Yeah, yeah. Anyways, anyway. So yes, studies have shown that for most people sex doesn't impact physical performance in a negative way.


As long as it's not right before competition. And we're talking like within two hours of game time. Oh yeah. No, no. Okay. So two hours. Well, for boxing I feel like maybe a few days before I'm not getting anywhere near him. It's so funny sometimes when we watch boxing fights and we see like the walkouts, so we see the, the arrivals of the fighters and they're with their wives and their kids and stuff. Andre's just sitting there shaking his head like, oh, he gonna lose because he just, yeah, distracted. It's like you can't have nothing soft or you can't have nothing around you that makes you soft. You can't have nothing around you that makes you like, oh, you can't have your kids around. You can't have your lady around you.


No, nothing soft around you. He just feels like you just gotta go in just deprived of anything comfortable. Yeah. All comfort has to leave the world before you go fight. And he will see these men walk into the locker room holding that lady hand and he'll be like, oh, what is he doing? I understand that completely. It's a curse struggle. The best wine struggle the most in the, the R rugg is, You know, the soil coming through. Yeah. You better goat. Come on analogy. Get that outta my wine. My girl feels your outta my wine. Okay. She knows some stuff. Get you a bottle.


All right you guys. So Clarissa Shields cuts off sex six weeks before a fight, but she's not alone in the world of the incense and sometimes bizarre pre pregame rituals. Let's run through some of the wildest athlete habits we could find. So this is like a rapid fire style. So I'm gonna give a scenario and y'all say whether it is, You know, a ritual like, okay, I understand it. Or now they get outta carried away. Michael Jordan wore his UNC shorts under every Chicago Bulls uniform for his entire career. Call it superstition or style. Either way they were lucky.


I get it. Yeah. You understand. I did it. I get do the same thing. Serena, Serena Williams bounces the ball exactly five times before her first serve. And she has to bring the same shower sand shower sandals to every tournament. Yes. OCD. Yes. Yes, yes, yes. Repetition. Wave box Hall of Fame baseball player ate chicken before every game. Literally every game. Teammates call him the chicken man. Muscle memory. That man is greedy. No, I don't know if I'm gonna say his last name right.


But Brian Urlacher Lacer urlacher you to watch free runs of Golden Girls the night before games. Nothing like Betty White to get your game face on. I understand this and I'm gonna tell you why. Tell me, have you ever heard of a concept of like, people watching comfort shows? It's like shows that you've seen, You know, every episode, You know everything that's gonna happen, but you all watch it and you play it as like background noise. It comforts you. Like, so if you have anxiety like before and you watch something that's familiar, it calms you down because it's like triggering, triggering a memory of like, I like this.


I know what's expect and it's familiar. It's the warm backbone. I'm only saying this because I have comfort shows. Bishop, when I'm stressed, I put on Grey's Anatomy and King of Queens and Living single, I have comfort shows. So I, I wonder if I'm doing it subconsciously. Like I'm always like putting on Martin. Oh my goodness. Me too. That's your comfort show. At nighttime. I have to watch Martin. I turn. So there we go. Wanna know why? Because you're trying to calm down so you can go to sleep. It's, and it gets our minds off of everything else. 'cause I'm sure we've seen it 50 million thousands and thousands. We can say the, we can and I continue to watching over and over.


Yes. And it's still funny. All right. Tiger Woods always who wore a red shirt on Sundays. Why his mom told him red was his power color. And it is, I mean, I guess red is the, is the power color, You know, and it became a signature. It made him the highest paid golfer, You know, endorsement wise and also the most recognizably. I mean, I, I started liking golf because of Tiger Woods. So, I mean, feel that red and it use red. I get it. Yeah. I love it. Yeah. Stand out Jason.


Terry used to sleep in the shorts of the opposing team the night before a game. Talk about getting, getting in your enemy's head or maybe just their laundry. It's giving fetish. He's nasty giving. It's weird. Now that's, that's a lot of laundry and a lot of shorts like to collect all the teams and just remember to pack it. But that's like some extra stuff. That's weird. It is. That's like more effort than the game it feels like. Right? A lot. Mm. Rafael Nadal and I don't know if I'm saying his name right. Man's got a whole routine, two water bottles angle, just right towel touches even how he crosses lines on the court.


It a ritual ballet. This is why men need therapy because they would be diagnosed more. These people have OCD. Okay. Yeah. These are some weird ones. Some of this is just a little OCD, just a little touch angle. The but every single one you've named or like top in their sports too, the, at some 0.2 water bottles angled just right. That's interesting. I feel like we could diagnose that and, and tennis, tennis is an individual sport, so he has to lock in and do this. You know, I power what they have. The two water bottles angled just right and the towels touching it.


His peace of mind, his comfort. I guess the point is, athletes will do whatever it takes to feel locked in, whether it's no sex fried chicken or grandma sitcoms. If it works, it works. Yeah. So that's what I was gonna say. It is working. So do that. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. E every single one if Serena, You know, she's the goat, so I mean she's keep wearing them flip flops baby. That's true. That's true. Hygiene. No. Did y'all have bring my shower shoes Anyway? Did y'all play sports? Yes. Y'all have sport athletes. Any rituals or anything that y'all did that would stereotypes or whatever it was before I went on stage, I used to have to have a Pepsi.


Well go drink the Pepsi and let us see you act like you're on stage right now. And hit a one little note. First of all, I'm not allowed to have Pepsi anymore because my husband says it's bad for me and it's, he took away my guilty pleasure and it is bad for me. He's right. It's bad. It's so, it's so good. Ooh, burn a little Pepsi every now and then it ooh, it burns. And you get that good bur You know, when you drink the first little swig of it and then that Burt come out and it's, that's all you need. Yes. That's all I need. And I'll be like, okay. Because when we met, I used to drink them all the time. Like all the time.


My daddy used to work for Pepsi. He worked for Pepsi for 35 years. Oh, so you had years. So like my entire life was just Pepsi Bros Pepsi. I have pictures and this is so embarrassing and this is no shade to my mom and them, but I have picture and them of me with like what they called watered down Pepsi in my bottle. They indoctrinated me. They like I was Pepsi girl. I was really on that oil. You probably had two, you probably had two silver teeth in the front of your found two drinking off, had no silver teeth. And I shoulda had fo I shoulda have had, You know, you can tell 'em bad little kid when they got silver teeth.


I fall at the top, I fall in the ba bottom full of pen caps, pen, but break shit and eat sugar. That's all. Yeah. So no, I'm not allowed to. So no, I'm not finna drink a Pepsi, abandon my household. I, what did I do? So in high school it was, I just wasn't into, I didn't have any vices like, You know, alcohol or any of that. And I would sleep a lot. I ate bad. But the only thing I could think of is I had this little Tigger when I would run track. And since it was an individual sport, it just calmed my nerves a little bit.


So I just kept it with me for that. So I think that was like a little Tigger. It was so cute. Little that. And then the only thing I could only, another thing I could think of was, it wasn't really a ritual, but I got used to it. And then it was when I was running the marathon in New York, I would train with music. And so I started getting like my playlist down and all of that. And that would get me through my running for training. And then the day of the marathon, I was, everything was charged up. I was ready to go. And I started listening to the music. But then it was so much energy around with all the people that were running and then everyone that's in the city and cheering for you and bands and all of this.


So I ended up not even running the marathon with my music, which I had trained. So I was pleasant, surprise. I still made it, but like totally thought I was dependent on this. And ended up, You know, completing it. We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a b cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives.


I knew that it was really bad and I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids find childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner and hope today by visiting music gives.org. Amy Robach and TJ Holmes here, Diddy's former protege television personality, platinum selling artist Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation.


Aubrey O'Day is sitting next to us. Here you are. As we sit here, right up the street from where the trial is taking place. Some people saw that you were going to be in New York and they immediately started jumping to conclusions. So can you clear that up? First of all, are you here to testify in the Diddy trial? Aubrey will offer her opinions and expertise based on her firsthand knowledge from her days on making the band as she emerged as the breakout star. The truth of the situation would be opposite of the glitz and glamor. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guest from meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit chase sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets. Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hit music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show.


I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI love This station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa snap I kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5 For basketball. I didn't have anything but for track it was kind of like your slick when the hour. So I was a 400 runner. Yes. And right when the the done go off, I would start saying my ABCs every time I ran a four.


Really? And I, and I, it basically time me, it paces me where I was at each time. So like if I get to J and I'm at a certain amount point and I'm not where I need to be, then I know. But it also would keep me from getting tired because I'm thinking about how to beat my pr. Yeah, yeah. Every time. And you don't wanna jump that trigger that that gun either, You know, like so that used to scare me when you coming out the blocks like that and everything. I get it. Those nerves. I still, I still think about it still to this day. I, we went, we were, You know how we were supposed to be number one in state for the four by one?


Ooh. And I was in ninth grade. I was the first leg and I jumped the gun because I was so scared. 'cause I was running with all varsity and I was like, Ooh. And we were projected to be number one beat state record and everything. And it was so much pressure on me and I was so scared. It is. And I jumped the gun and they still talk about this crap to this day. Like, oh, oh boy, if I run into one of 'em, they like, dang man, I remember when you jumped the gun, you lost us, you made us a little state. So it was crazy. So I'm, I'm just terrified every time I hear about a gun being jumped, never again did I jump a gun. That's interesting. Shiree. 'cause it's like I have a, I can have those, those triggers from back in the day too that I still think about to this day.


Like you said, because I'm like, I mean, I didn't ever jump the gun, but like, it's just, you don't, you think about all these things when you're down in those blocks and you just, the the, it's so much pressure in track, You know, and I still mess and you have so many fans from different schools. You're out there talking stuff. It's coed. It is a lot of energy out there. You know, you wanna show off, you wanna beat people. Like it's, it's, it's a public event. Low key. You know what I'm saying? It's talk is mess. So I get it Sharelle that pressure. It's like it was crazy. Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. With my friend, oh, Sheree, she said traumatized.


Every time I go to track meets I'm traumatized from. And that's was all what you heavy when you sweating Jesus, you gotta a crush. You know what I'm saying? You wanna just, you wanna beat the girl next to you. Everything. Yeah. Crazy. All right, let's get into it. Y'all with the speculation with Boss man. Dlo. Dlo boss. Why you say his name? Boss Man Di Think Yeah, Shell's gonna take the lead on this one. I guess it would be reggaeton No. What? Watching? No.


Tell me. Lemme hear it. Lemme hear it. Vale District. I'm go straight to gallery. Okay. I do that style. Okay. I've I've heard it. Yes. See, way off. All right you guys, let's get into the timeline. Has been on fire ever since allegation drops of dropped about Boss Man dlo, allegedly messing with the transgender woman and the reactions baby. It's some mixed chaos. They going crazy on Twitter, right? They been going crazy this whole weekend. I was like, what? What's going on? I was being nosy going to the, the, the person's page and they, it is just running they mouth.


What, when we say the timeline folded like a lawn chair, we mean that some people are out here acting like he caught a felony charge just for who he might have slept with. Let's be clear, nobody even confirmed anything yet. He hasn't said anything, but he's basically saying like throwing shots out there. Like basically I'm a real white and if I catch you, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. He just posted that day. I'm being nosy y'all, because I'm watching. So basically what happened was, allegedly the tra transgender gender posted screenshots of Boss Man Delo sliding into, into his, her her dms.


And it's, it, it's just a question mark. And I guess they exchanged numbers and they started communicating and I guess she got mad and because he told her to fly out to Orlando and he didn't offer to pay for it. He wasn't giving her no money. And the, from the messages it was like, dang, why everything gotta be about money. We can't just kick it on cool vibes, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So You know, oh girl, about her money, she like, Uhuh, you ain't about to play me like that. I'm about to expose you. So she went on this whole little rampage on the, over the weekend and just started screenshotting all their messages. Now the fans are like, how you supposed to be rapping about this and rapping about that and you messing with a transgender.


Wait, so they did meet up or they did not even meet up? They didn't meet up. They were a, I don't they didn't say that they met him. They was just communicating via, via they were planning to meet up, allegedly. Okay. And is it known that this, that, that she is transgender on her page? Yeah, she's a Okay. I have to check question, huh? She's very, apparently she's very popular too, but she's, I don't think she's, You know, did any changes with her, her body?


She, she may have enhanced her booty, but everything else is still the same. What were you gonna say, Porsche? You said your question was what? My question was, your question was is does everybody know that she's transgender? So he knew? Yes. I mean, you can look it, you can Well, I mean, in one of the messages it said something like that because she said he, he knew I was a man like I was in transgender. Okay, so maybe that's, he is, he is denying that he's, I mean is it just a speculation thing or is it, is it more like, I mean, nothing happens and he's just, he is not admitting that he even talked to her.


Because to me, I wouldn't have said anything. There's just power and silence. He didn't, I don't think he said anything to her. He just basically was was throwing saying something like shut, kind of shutting it down. He didn't shut, but he didn't shut it down. Just like, kind of like, keep my name out your mouth. I'm a street y in blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. My thing is, I feel like in today's society, why do, first of all, like everyone, a lot of people are curious, especially in that industry. And why do I feel like, why do men get so much, it's so much up.


Uproar, roar. Oh, I can't even talk tonight. Uproar when a man is is basically, You know, is exposed. But women, it's like, it's okay. It's fool with it. Why is that? Well, we are definitely in the over sex society in general. You know, whatever your profession is, especially if you have status and wealth and notoriety, you're a target regardless. So at the end of the day, people have their own preferences. What they do behind closed doors is really none of our business. It becomes public when people are screenshotting and run, running their mouths and doing all the ex excess stuff for attention, You know, for clout and everything like that.


So it it, it makes it even harder just in general to start trusting and, and really trying to get to know someone. So it's, you have to be careful on the gram. You know, a lot of relationships have developed on the Gram or just social media in general. So it's a way to meet people, You know, you could be in your bed scrolling and run into someone's DM and and connect with them. So it just becomes messy when, You know, it becomes public. 'cause technically we wouldn't even know. A, a DM is a direct message between two people in your house, in your car, wherever you are on your phone. So, You know, we didn't know about this, it, it, we shouldn't have really be knowing about it.


And here we are. I think, I think the biggest thing is people put so much time, it's like you created a, you called, you did a felony or something like you, you are judged so bad because you choose to go with the same sex or something. That's not I agree with that, You know? Yeah. That was, he was open about before it wouldn't be weaponized, but because these things are happening behind closed doors, then she felt like she could weaponize it and she did. Because the industry, yes, the, the industry is open to those ideas, but not for black men. Right. Not for pop artists, not for whether you, you are a rapper or an athlete or, or famous in any regard.


Even if you are a normal everyday working black person, it's still unacceptable. You know what I mean? As, as progressive as we like to think that we are as a whole, we're just not, not really, You know what I mean? So agree. No, it, it, he shouldn't be. It shouldn't be all of what it is. But it is, it is, You know, is presenting himself as a straight man and there's something to be said for a man. You know what I mean? Who wants to be with another man that hasn't fully transitioned? Like, I don't really know the rules, but in our community we do that.


Yeah. And it's real hard to see the in between when it comes to our black men. And that is just, that's just what it's, and You know, he wasn't, if that is the truth and he was trying to get at her and that just happens to be his preference. It's a very silent preference. Very silent preference. So she weaponized it and she knew it would work and it did. But what kills me is like, I normally don't expose people, but I'm gonna expose him because you are exposing people. Stop saying you don't expose people when that's what you're doing now, you're just ruin it for yourself because not now, ain't nobody gonna wanna deal with you.


Apparently she ha have dealt with other athletes and she claims he's the only one that she exposed. But, and the, the whole point was because he was gonna fly her out but then had her pay for it. No, he he asked her. Yeah, he told her she should pay for it. I guess he wasn't coughing up money. That's what I got out of it. I, the people gotta be careful. You got to be careful, like, well, it's just really not that serious. It's not, to me it's not serious enough. If you were going to expose somebody, it certainly wouldn't be because of that, You know? Yeah. Like that ain't enough to, to potentially ruin someone's reputation and career.


Exactly. Like, come on now, what you doing in here? Do you think the hip hop community is ready to accept openly L-G-B-T-Q relationships? Why or why not? I mean, if you come out that way Yeah. Yeah. That's what I feel. I was gonna say the portion when when you accept it and you speak your, you tell your own story. Yeah. And it's, it's more acceptable. But when you live in this fake life, like, You know, you, you like opposite sex and you're against all that then or, and you rap about something that you ain't doing, then of course people are gonna be all over you. I think think we're a long ways away.


A long, long, long ways away from that being something that is embraced in our culture. I agree on that scale. You know what mean? Yeah. That sure. Levi Daddy's calling, call him. We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance.


Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org. Amy Robach and TJ Holmes here, Diddy's former protege television personality, Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there.


Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You're listening to an iHeart podcast.