
PayPal lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool. Hey, it's me, Paige DeSorbo, and I'm so excited to share my new shoe collection at DSW filled with my favorite styles and trends for Spring.


Because if You know me, You know I'm kind of obsessed with shoes and by kind of obsessed, I mean head over heels. You're going to love these shoes. So snag super cute styles, like cute flats, fun heels, and cool sneakers. From the page to Sorbo Collection right now at your DSW store or DSW dot com. At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a house. It's your home. The place that's filled with memories, the early days of figuring it out to the later years of still figuring it out for the place you've put down.


Roots Trust, Amika Home Insurance, Amika Empathy is our best policy. This is Rashaan McDonald from Making Conversations Masterclass. How can you grow your business from idea to industry leader? Bring your vision to life with smart business buying tools and technology from Amazon business. From fast free shipping to in-depth buying insights and automated purchase approvals. Amazon Business delivers everything you need to achieve your goals. It's not easy to stand out from the crowd. Simplify how you stock up. To get ahead, go to amazon business.com for support.


Get Hey y'all, we are back. What's up? What's up? Welcome back. Hey. Hey. Welcome back everyone, to another episode of Humble Baddies and we are here with another episode filled with some tea. What's up you ladies? Hey girl. I'm Ashley Nicole. I'm Sharon. And I'm Alexis Meyer. And we are the humble, the humble daddy. Yo my ass. I almost bust my behind trying to make it to this live. Not going on. You look like you just woke up. I was sleeping so good. Y'all. You made it.


I did. I made it. I almost pulled a Chad. Wow, what's that mean? What, what happened? Because every time Chad don't show up for night count, that means he was knocked out. But I made it so I didn't pull a Chad. You made it. You made it. I love a good nap. You know, it's, You know it's good when you slopping out the mouth. Yeah, that's the good sleep. Absolutely. I was slipping. Good. Y'all, you get the crust out your eyes over there. Do I got some crust? Probably got that big camera. So it's gonna pick up everything whole. Aw. So let's get to it.


Ashley, you got something for us You wanna start us off with? So I really wanna dive into this first topic. So I know y'all done seen our girl, Tiana Taylor, our girl, our good si our humble batty is all over the blocks right now because her ex, her ex-husband, Iman Shrimper, has recently leaked their divorce settlement. So the father picking it up, and first of all, they got divorced a year ago. So let me just put that out. That their divorce settlement was finalized a whole year ago and it was also sealed. So this document was leaked and it had to be leaked by him.


And what came out was actually false document. And so allegedly he's putting all this information out to, You know, make Tiana look bad because the way it was written was basically saying that she got all his money, all his, all the properties, all these cars from him basically left him for dry. And that is the farthest thing from the truth. I saw that going around and everybody was like, oh, Tiana, Tiana got, he got hit, big man, she took everything blah. Or making it look not so crazy because everybody has known Tiana. She, she did not just become Tiana Taylor. Correct. She has been a working girl in the industry since she was a teenager.


So 15, 16, I remember that. Sweet 16. Yeah, she worked very hard. She's always working. That girl keep a job. So for people sit there and automatically believe something that the block puts out is crazy. And then also, the thing is, I find it very convenient that this comes out at a time where she's getting awards. You know, she was just an honorary reci recipient at the women, the black women of Hollywood. You know, she has movies coming out, she has TV shows coming out. Like the Girl is Busy Soft Lunch. Exactly. With the boo, maybe Possible boo or something. Yeah. And so I find it just very convenient that this would all come out at this time, You know, and the crazy thing about it is with Tiana, and she said it to on the blog so that she cleared it up that she didn't get the, the things that they said that she get, but she also took up for him even when he did her wrong.


And, You know, the whole big scandal. She was like, You know, not so much on my dog. Like, people trying to cover up for him and, and take it easy. And the fact that he's still trying to, I feel like it's jealousy. Like he don't wanna see her win. So he's gonna do whatever he can to make her look bad, but she's still killing it. I agree. I, I know them personally and that's why I feel okay to speak on it in the manner that I am. You know, I've always felt like there was like this competition, like he was always trying to compete with her and she was always trying to stand up for him, always trying to protect him, always, You know, just doing the most, I feel like black women do that in general.


Like we're always the ones that's protecting our black men, You know what I mean? And I feel like that's happening in this situation. And now she's having to stand up for herself and protect herself because there's grown men out here that are like threatening her. They're threatening her, You know? And she really has to stand up for herself and protect herself. So the truth of the matter is that she, there were seven properties, Tiana got four in which two of those were paid for by Tiana, solely. Iman got three and one was paid for, Iman was paid by Iman. So, so the other four properties, the court split them up evenly, so they both got two.


So for people to just sit there and believe whatever the blogs say is crazy. Like everybody knows Tiana is a hard worker. She's always been a hard worker. And first of all, the divorce in the first place was supposed to be private when she filed for her divorce, she pri she filed under their initials because she didn't want anybody to know any of their business. She's always been a very private person when it comes to, You know, stuff like, like this. And then he's the one who came out and filed this stuff under their name. So of course now it's gonna go public and everybody can pick up this information and she's always just been the one to try to like, protect the family, protect the name, You know, do whatever she can to just keep their name, You know, in good spirits with people.


Even when he was doing trifling stuff in the blogs, getting caught butt naked in the bathroom with girls, You know, she cleaned that up, You know? Yes. Y'all don't remember that. Looked at the picture going around and she cleaned that up. She was like, Hey, You know, don't, not too much on him. Like, You know, that's my guy that's always gonna be the father of my children. Whoop. Like, she's always stepped up and, You know, protected him. But You know what I hate though? You know, when we always do that, it always backfires on us. Like as, and it's always, like you said before, it's always the women that's always covering for the men. We, we go so far, even when things go bad and we get publicly embarrassed, we still always take up for that man.


And, And You know what? I don't think it's backfiring. I think, You know, it's in our nature, it's in Tiana's nature to always just be the bigger person, to be the protector, to be the nurturer, to be whatever she needs to be like. And look how it's coming back on her. Like she's getting movie roles, she's getting these big deals. Like, it, it, it, karma is real. You know what I'm saying? I feel like she's doing what she needs to do, but I feel like Iman and any man should always protect the mother of their children. Like if something comes out, whatever y'all have going on, and these random people are going after the mother of your children, like, there has to be a point where you step in And you say, Hey look, I know we're going through something.


It's real crazy. Yes, we had this public thing going on, but this is the mother of my children. And don't y'all ever think that y'all could, You know, come between that or do anything disrespectful while we, I wanna check in a little bit while we what'd you say? I said while we on this shit say he coming to take the property from me, he gonna pull it pulling mine is is not today. Chad. Not today. Not today. Not today. No. Ashley, you, you really are making a point of just watching. First of all, let's just start with what it is. You know, it's a public figure, two public figures, and I feel like everyone is getting so invested in what, when people are getting together and when they ultimately are gonna break up.


So everyone feels like they have something to say and unfortunately it, when it gets public and sensitive matters that are supposed to be in-house are leaked or from one or one party or the other. You're starting to add all this different energy in what's happening with our families today. They're broken and we have these stigmas of not getting along and really just wanting not the best for each other. And at the end of the day, these are two people who decided to love each other. And I'm sure they still love each other and they're going through so much of grief and sadness and all these different levels and stages of divorce.


So it's a lot of, I'm gonna have to, it's a lot. Love is not gonna allow you to go that far to ruin your, the not, I ain't gonna say ruin, but to try to kiss your, to keep your The mother Yeah. Your ex-wife, the mother of your kids. Like you don't. I agree. I agree. And, and what I was gonna complete my, my my thought process was the fact that, You know, it's a lot of sensitive energy and we, you do have to be in the sense it's only been a year. So both of them need to have grace. Grace for her feelings, grace for his, and everyone's moving on at this point. And they got children that they're raised at this point. Grace, I think Tiana has done the most and now she's at her.


She has. And that's why now she's like going live. Tiana never goes on live, never, never, never personal, never. It's just a, it's just sad, You know? It's unfortunate. I think she's the point where she's done giving Iman grace. She's always stood up, see it. You can see it from, from her life. She always, and when she was very, she was very calm, very direct. She tried to, You know, she tried to go to mediation. He didn't even show up for mediation. Correct. Always tried to give him the grace and he doesn't reciprocate. Reciprocate. Absolutely. And I think she can't do it anymore. And she's just like fighting for, You know, her name at this point, You know, at this point it's tiring, it's exhausting.


You better doing what I've built and what I have going on. And you're not gonna try to sit here and try to make it seem like I'm taking from you, You know, taking anything from you because I, because some people was calling her a gold digger. Exactly. And she, she shouldn't, she should. People don't know facts. They gonna always have something to say. But the thing about it is, I'm glad she cleared it up because people don't know, like people who on the outside, they don't know. They feel like, okay, You know, this is what happened. Danger came out on top. She, You know, poor Ivan, what, You know, whatever. People don't know. So I'm glad that she did come out and clear it up. I am too, like the people, like this is what I left with th this is false. Like, And you have to like, people aren't think logically.


Like he is coming out with music. He's literally using Tiana for clout. Like hello, why come out with this all of a sudden, You know, Tiana's at the top of her game. Right. The timing is insane. And he's not necessarily, I'm not saying that he's not talented and that he can't get it on his own, but what I am saying, the timing is very convenient for you to put this stuff out for there to be this much buzz and talk about it. And now all of a sudden you've got new music coming out like, sir, come on. Yes. We're not that stuff. Like we see what you're doing and it's really messed up that you're willing to let the internet come after the mother of your children. She's saying like, she feels very uncomfortable.


She has the issue with it and you're staying completely silent. Silent. That is horrible. This is not the time to be silent. You got a lot to say. He, he has, he should step up. Absolutely. He should. And I think Tiana has given enough grace, she protected him as much as she could. Now she has to protect herself from, from him and everybody else. Like I'm sure she just, she's over it and she's got her wi wits in. But I'm proud of her for standing up for herself and trying to care. You know, she doesn't owe us anything. But I think it's really messed up that people can just, You know, run with the narrative and really think the worst of people, especially when they're at the top of their game. Like, we need to be celebrating our black women.


Right. Do you think that Tiana was justified in requesting jail time for him? Because, You know, she did not request jail. Is that facts? She did not request jail time. First of all, she filed a motion because he was leaking, sealed documents her, their divorce settlement was sealed and he's leaking the information. So she, so this is a reparation. So where did it filed the document and whatever the court proceeding? The, the law is the law. And if it, and so where did it, where did it come from that allegedly it was put out that t Tiana asked for for 20 days. That's not, she asked for what I'm telling you, I'm telling you. I don't know.


But she put, she filed a motion for him to stop putting out their divorce settlement. But she never asked. Well she never request. So basically it's a violation. It's a violation of whatever the agreement was. Exactly. Maybe. And so if that leads to jail time, whatever, whatever. But she never asked, requested demand nothing about jail. She wouldn't do that. She wouldn't do that. She would never do that. Okay. So that's fake news that was put out that she requested, allegedly she requested jail time. No, she filed a motion for him to stop putting out their sealed information. She let the court know and filed a motion.


That's what you do in the court of law period. Ashley, I could feel the energy baby. You, you like Yes you can. Don't not call for her. Don't. That's right, that's right. I feel it through the camera especially. Yeah. Don't that None of mine. None of mine. We gotta do that over here. I'm standing. That's right. I, I met Tiana through you guys at, at your event, Ashley. And well actually she had something and, and her energy and everything is just amazing. She is a sweet person and it that she have to even go live to defend herself. Yeah. But she's she's gonna come, she's already on top and she's gonna stay on top.


So always. That's right. And that's usually what happens anyway. She has motion going on. She is booked and busy. She is in love or happy or whatever the case may be. We don't know. But she is living and thriving. So at the end of the day you going have some shots. Humble, fired at you. She's, she's literally a humble happy. That's right. A humble baby. Always has been the most humble person I've ever known. Always correct. Being always busy, always giving, loving, loving, nurturing. Like that's just who she is. She can't help but to be that person. And so I just think that she even is in this position with people coming at her, You know, so y'all can tianna.


I need to, I need to get with t She gotta teach me how to move. 'cause the girl be dancing baby. Yes. She got it. She we love her. Yeah. So shout out to Yes. Alright, now that we got that up, thank you so much. What do we have? Really? You wanna next let's the next one. How did y'all feel about, did y'all see the whole thing with Antonio Brown and his baby mama Sydney? Yeah, she, so she asked for some money and he told her to go suck a D That's crazy. It's rude.


Again. I, I remember when she was pregnant and everybody was like, you are crazy. Why would you get pregnant by this clown? There's no respect whatsoever. You can tell that there's no respect. There is pretty much, You know, like a hands off approach. She, and she started off by saying, You know, our son is, is well but I mean, do you y'all think she's justified in asking for some help? Of course she should for it. Well, are you supposed to ask this is the father of your children and you're asking for help with your children. Yeah, of course she's justified in asking.


But you gotta see what you work, what you working with. You know what I'm saying? I know after a while I would just probably, because she should have known because he was in a block before she even, You know, got pregnant. Like, baby, You know what you dealing with, the pattern is there. Correct. You gotta know what you, what's going on ask. And he is childish for that response. Sharelle the, the amount of disrespect he has had for women and then you come out and get pregnant thinking you the prize, it sucks. No, he's not gonna change. Now you're, you're getting what he's given to every other woman that he was already his baby mama in Florida always have to take him to go get child support.


You have to sad send the people out just to get her money. So You know, it is gonna be, if he doing it to her, what makes you think you're different? It sucks, but sometime you gotta pick your, you gotta pick him. Right. Do you? And you see how she reached out to him, it was in the dm so obviously they have no communication on the phone. And then whoever screenshot, I wasn't sure if she leaked it or he did. But it's not appropriate to be putting us in the group chat one and two on social media. It's really just not cool 'cause she's raising this baby, obviously you could tell by herself and You know, when this baby grows up, you seeing how this, his father ultimately is treating the mother of the child.


So it's going back to take up for the, the mother of your children and really have that mutual respect goes both ways. And it's a, it's a boy, right? I think so. The fact that it's on social media when things get on Yeah, media, it don't go away. The fact that you're disrespecting your your child's mom on social media is crazy. Correct. That's, it's sick now I even for the children. 'cause they're gonna always be able to go back and see all of that. You know, that's just embarrassing and such. It really is. Example, I mean, you, you really do have to choose wisely your partners because it, it is not just, You know, 18 years. It goes beyond that.


Yeah. There's always some mental health issues there too. Like I think, I think at this point, because he has publicly embarrassed her. She just need to take it. I don't know if he's paying child support. He can't be, if she have to ask for mon help for rent, just take him to court and let the court handle it. Right. Because it's, I agree. Yeah. It's, it's really sad. I just don't like that it's on social media. 'cause low key is really none of our business. But obviously here we are talking about it, You know, so I hope she, You know, things work out and Antonio really needs to go get some, some type of help because it's not right no matter who it is.


You don't disrespect women. He has a, a hit pattern. A pattern just disrespecting women. It's not agree, not good. Agree. Coming from a black man, like, You know better. I'm sure your mom, your parents raise you better than that. Like you shouldn't be disrespecting women. Yeah. Where's his mama at? She ain't got nothing to say about her. Where's his friends? Where's everybody? I mean, somebody should hold him accountable, but how reckless he is. That's right. With Kanye, they just, they just say whatever, do whatever. It's just to a point where it's like, yeah, people just, it's, it's sad but I don't know guys.


I just, I just don't think, I don't think we just need to be involved with it. I just think we have to keep those, those situations private. Unless she, that's what was, she was reaching out for that help. I don't know. But I think we gotta keep those situations private in general. Just a lot of stuff happening on social media that should be private. Like why do I agree? What else? What what, what, what's the next tease? Ash. What? Feel it girl fill it. I'm trying to put some tea. You, you want some. Tease it tonight At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a car or a house. It's the four wheels that get you where you're going and the four walls that welcome you home when you combine auto and home insurance with Amica, we'll help protect it all.


And the more you cover, the more you can save Amika. Empathy is our best policy. Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real Person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Wow. Mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean, I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare.


Not with blinds com We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of Something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and get up to 40% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply. Let's be honest, most of us have a love hate relationship with wired brass. We love the lift, but hate the digging. We love the support, but hate feeling trapped.


Well, Nick's just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body not against it. Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from V-Neck to dresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every everybody experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nix.com for 15% off your order with free flex 15.


That's KNI x.com code free Flex 15 for 15% off nicks.com. PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the Beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, Yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


So the next thing is young in MAs health situation, apparently her ex leaked some old hospital footage of her and everybody was wondering like, what was wrong with her? Is she okay? But she took the high road and many que many are questioning the ex's motives for sharing such private footage. Like what was her purpose? Why did she do that? Hmm. I mean, I don't know. Piece of health. I think that's really messed up because you don't know if it's like, You know, a life threatening illness or like you, you just never know. Why would she leak her health?


That's horrible. I don't know what is, what's the motive behind it? What, what is the purpose? Did anyone see the footage? I didn't. No, I did not. But I saw, I mean, Young MA had to come out and speak on really her side. She took her side of the story just, but why do you have to speak on that again? You know, that young lady posted videos of her in a vulnerable position where she was sick. Where, You know, which is most likely a private matter. And You know, again, leave us out the group chat, especially when it comes to someone that you are supposed to be having this time with and, and spending time, like spending time with, loving on nurturing.


What was the motive behind it? If you have to showcase it and let us know about it later on. Why did you take those videos? You know, it just helps you, like it reminds you that you have to be mindful and careful when you're out here dating people and putting them in your space and when you're in a vulnerable position. 'cause there's vultures out there. That's true. You know, I think people do anything for coffee These days. They, they, they do. You know, they're gonna, if they have any kind of like footage that somebody might think is juicy, they gonna post it. They gonna get the clout however they can. How would y'all do you, if y'all would go ahead. How would y'all act if, if one of, let's say l how would you act if, if that happened to you?


How would you feel? I would feel very, my shoes. What would you do? I would, I would feel disrespected. You know, it's just, I I again, being in a vulnerable space, when you, your health is on the decline and you're a public figure. You don't want everyone in your business. That's your one of your weakest moments. And until you decide from your perspective to tell your story, then it shouldn't be anyone's issue other than yours to handle that. The, it's private, it's family and it's really between your doctors and it's none of our business. And unfortunately, I believe in karma. And when someone is very much in a vulnerable state like that, especially with their health, And you never know.


It could have been like deathbed all these these, it's, it's a eye like opening moment in, in instance where you have to decipher who's gonna be in your circle. Who's gonna like be there in these, these moments. 'cause now she's healthy. She's back where she needs to be. And this person doesn't deserve to be on that level with her no more. Get her outta there. It's just sad. I will be very upset, very hurt and just feel disrespected. And you don't know what people go through. Like, to even go to that extent to do something while they're not in, You know, their right space tell. It's like I just don't understand people. I I really don't. I don't.


It's real ugly. Yeah. It's heavy. It's ugly. It's not cool. And you, you just shouldn't take advantage of people in a vulnerable state like that. I think it's horrific. Well, I hope you okay Young MA whatever. Yeah. She going through, I hope You know her health did is getting better. Yeah. Because young, she had some hits. Boy she did. We gotta get you back right girl. So you can drop some more music. How would you all feel if you were in a position of like a health concern or even like, let's just say a pregnancy or anything like that and it got leaked? How do you all feel about that? Any one of you? I mean I feel like that's probably like a ultimate betrayal type of thing.


You know, because your health matters, things like that. Pregnancies, those are like very private things. I think social media is like for social purposes and like, yeah, we use it for business, blah, blah blah, connecting and stuff. But it's just not the place to be putting out anybody else's personal, You know, business. So if somebody were to do it to me, I would definitely, You know, confront them about it. They might get cussed out honestly. Might actually, You know, they will. Ain't no might, I mean, You know, working on me. But yeah, it, it might lead to that honestly.


'cause I think that it's just a big betrayal for sure. Definitely. I feel I I'm the same way with Ash. Like it's, it's betrayal. Like if, if someone that you love, someone that you was with, go out and just expose something like your, your health and, and me like Yeah. Anything personal and, and people be knowing too, You know what's okay to post and what's not correct. Yeah. Correct. You know, when it comes from a messed up place, if somebody's really trying to put your business out there. So there's no excuse for that. It's no coming back from that. I think that's very whack. Somebody that loves you, that's a friend would never do that to you. And what are the motives again?


What is the motive behind it? What, what are you trying to do? You trying to hurt even more. Like what is the point? The cloud is crazy. Cloud chase is crazy right now. It is crazy. Yeah. Talk about crazy. Y'all be y'all best friend back in the block in the media again every day. This time he coming for my girl Beyonce and Jay a who you talking about? Kanye, right? Kanye crazy. Kanye Kanye is back in the blog. Sorry. He's so exhausting. Kids. That's, he's gonna about everybody. What is wrong with you Don have somebody running his account and stuff for him? I just don't believe that he is really like at home.


Like, ooh, I'm Finn talk about phone butter today. Like, I just don't, I just, I mean, I think he am missing man, like doesn't think he like, have stuff to do. Like he's definitely off the, like he's just off the charts. It's just one thing after another. What exactly did he say about Beyonce and Jay-Z? I don't You know that. What'd he say? He said that Beyonce used IBF to conceive the twin, but I think he said something more worse than that. But I can't, again, private information.


That's seems to be the theme of tonight. I'm right now to talk about like, you don't have, like, you don't have, it was Kim the other day. It is, it is, it is copyrights another day. It's his, his wife, his mom. He is, he was talking about, You know, certain thoughts after his mom passed away. Every day is something, it's like the, the Nazi hatred talk. It's just always something with him unfortunately. And it's just exhausting. Get back to music, get back to creativity, get back in the studio, get get back to your really medication and everything else that's going on.


You've been opening. I think you get to stay off the meds. Well, I don't know what it is. I mean unfortunately it is like you, you, you get to a point where it is just exhausting. You're calling people out their names. You are dividing people. It's just heavy. It's just, it's just whack. I don't know what's going on with him, but he definitely needs, somebody needs to take, help him out. Somebody needs to take his his phone, he needs to go get some help. His wife, she should be helping out. She not gonna have a boy girl, the wife, just the boy I, who knows. Yeah, I think they're getting a divorce. You think so? I thought, I thought it. I'm about to Google it. Hold on. No, she hits little puppet.


No, I don't like it. It is just been, it is just one thing after another. It's like, what else do you want from us? What else do you need? It's just like seeking attention in so many different ways, which is kind of whack, You know, it's just, it's just horrible. I think it's horrible. I mean, it is just like, but again, And you picking, you have to be conscious of who you're really picking to be your partner with. You know, it's just, it's a lifelong commitment. And you get married. Chad used to say it all the time, said it's a rumor that they were getting a divorce. But then I, I also read that they don't have a prenup, which is interesting because she didn't really didn't have nothing going into it.


So, and he didn't, he lost a lot. But I mean, with her, she has no voice. I feel like she can't guide him or tell him because he haven't heard any, these streets looking crazy. It's just, it's sad. A bunch of crazy. What do you all think about the fact of bringing children into social media in general? Like what, what do y'all think? What are y'all thoughts on that? We should be kept. You don't, you don't speak on other people, kids. You just don't do that. That's, that's like on a whole nother level. And then I, I need to find the, the what was said because I, I heard he said something like calling the kids something out of their name or something like that.


Like a ill something. I, I need to find it before I speak on it. But you don't bring anyone else kids into, into your crazy world. It's not Right. Those are innocent babies. Yes. Jay-Z better than me, baby. Woo. Oh, I'm, look, do you all feel, do you, what do you think Ash? Oh, I'm looking it up. Oh, okay. Sorry about that. I, I, I think it's, it is again, children should not be exposed. Whatever, however they were conceived should not be exposed.


And he's outta line, he's been outta line out of pocket, everything. And it's just kind of, again, not, not feeling it whatsoever. Do y'all think he should be banned? Yeah, he should have been. But didn't they take him off of Twitter and stuff one time and Instagram? How did he Yeah, but, but then he was wearing that MAGA hat and then, You know how that goes. Then he got back, maybe, You know, everyone then he called, they called, he called them the R altogether. That's what happened. What he called them the R word? Yes, that's what it was.


Yeah. And then he deleted it. Yay. Kanye is at, he is getting outta hand. Well, it's been outta hand. Yeah, but why is he not getting canceled? I feel like he's not getting canceled. Y'all. What do, why do you think he, it seems like he keeps slipping through the, You know, the holes or you think this might be it now that he's stepped on Jay and these toes. What do you think? I feel like people, like some people are sick and they like that type of stuff. So he has a little fan base where Kanye just say whatever the, whatever he wants to say. And now with the new platform of X, you can rant about anything.


So he got those people that's gonna support him, that support that craziness. So he's, it's like he's wired different and some people like that. It's nasty, it's weird. But he got his little fans that's don't always support him. Ash your thoughts? I mean, Kanye just being Kanye at this point, like, I'm not really surprised by anything that he does. One minute, You know, he's, You know, saying anti-SIM and semantic slurs and like every day is some something different.


So I mean, I feel like he should be banned, but then, You know, there's freedom of speech. So it is what it is. But I definitely think there's like a mental health, health issue there. I think he hasn't been the same since his mom died. And it's just gonna continue to spiral down. And I hate to see, You know, how it all ends, but I don't know. It's a bunch of craziness. Why do you think he's so fixated on Jay and Beyonce? Yeah. Why do you think it is? He's jealous. Okay, this is the tweet that he said. Okay. Kanye said, wait, has anyone ever seen Jay-Z and Beyonce's younger kids?


They're retarded. No. Like literally. And this is why artificial insemination is such a blessing. Having retarded children is a choice. Wow. That's that's crazy. That is so awful. That is so awful in so many ways. Awful. First of all, I ain't even using that kind of language. We don't say the R word no more. First of all, everybody knows that. We don't say that. Second of all, why you speaking on kids, speaking on children? This is Jay-Z and Beyonce. I know. Like, they have some type of personal relationship, You know what I mean? Like, I'm sure or dead or definitely not after this, right?


So I mean, that's just crazy to even randomly bring up somebody else's children to speak on them in that way. Like, just very awful. And I don't like it. So many children are, are so many parents are blessed to have children because of artificial insemination. Like, You know, wrong way. And I know a I know personally a lot of mothers who and, and fathers who are grateful for artificial insemination. So to talk about it in such a way is just horrible. I mean, anything wrong with this, You know, him using this platform in this way is wrong, wrong, but wow.


Yeah, they need to take him off of Twitter, whatever this is. No, he really need to be canceled. He, he's outta control. Really need, he's just outta control. We're really watching a debacle in front of us. Like every day, every day we're seeing something. People like Trump and Yvonne and all these big powerful people, You know, they're behind him. They're giving him the ammunition, You know, they're enabling him and his fans, whoever. Like, there's always like people that are gonna stand behind the craziness. So I remember at one point Kanye was up, Jay-Z's behind like everywhere with him, always up on the side.


You, it's like, dang, Kanye. Like, what, what do you guys think? Like why now? Why the hate now? What caused him to go from being up Jay-Z's behind to now you're speaking bad on his wife, his kids, him. Do you think it's jealousy or do you think, what do you think it is? People I think we're inspiring. What'd you say? People are always gonna come for whoever is at the top. Like I, but it's, and and it seems like it's always people that are like close too, that end up turning on you and trying to bring you down or speak negativity on you. So I mean, You know, we see it all the time, but to see it like from people like Kanye and Jay Z and Beyonce, like these are the grapes.


You know what I mean? So it's just crazy to see it happening at this magnitude. Yeah, it's sick. Yeah. And it's just a lot, they, they've been in, in a target for like lately too with personal issues that have been public. And it's just, again, you are right Ash, when you're on the top like that, you become a target. It is a combination of jealousy I feel also and just in this weird dark space that we are continually to see. And unfortunately we're witnessing really a spiral of somebody, a creative genius, You know, pun intended for his, one of his documentaries. But it's like, it's really becoming sad. And again, there's children involved on, on really all sides.


It makes you think like Kim dodged a bullet, You know, or whatever. It is just really unfortunate that he's dragging other people, these babies, these innocent babies into his mess because he is seen and talked about the Jews. He done talked about this, that in the next, I mean, he has been the what what group has he not really talked about at this point? You know, it's just getting to a point where it's just exhausting. And I think he should be muted at this point. That's true. That is so true. Oh yeah. I don't, I don't love it would be baby. Well, if you were J or B, would you guys have something to say or just I kind of let on the platform I wouldn't even give, I could never speak his name.


I wouldn't give him any attention. I wouldn't even, he he would be dead. You're you. Yes. You're beneath me, you're dead to me. Done. Nobody's, I feel like if you even tried to confront him or say anything to him, it would make you look bad. You know how they say, like when you argue with a fool or whatever, I don't know what they'd be saying be saying, but y'all know what I'm talking about. You gotta ignore him. Okay. He's crazy. Don't engage in the craziness, don't engage. Yes. Yes. At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a car or a house.


It's the four wheels that get you where you're going. And the four walls that welcome you home when you combine auto and home insurance with Amica will help protect it all. And the more you cover, the more you can save Amika. Empathy is our best Policy. Let's be honest, most of us have a love hate relationship with wired brass. We love the lift, but hate the digging. We love the support, but hate feeling trapped. Well, Nick's just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body not against it.


Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from v-Neck to dresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every body experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nx.com for 15% off your order with free flex 15. That's KNI x.com code free flex 15 for 15% off nx.com.


PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes. That's smart. Glad we can agree On something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool. Hey, it's Amy Brown from the Bobby Bone Show. Join me in supporting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital for a chance to win a trip to meet Megan Maroney at the 2025 iHeart Country Festival in Austin, Texas on May 3rd, hosted by Bobby Bones.


We're gonna hook you up with tickets, flights, hotel, food credits, and a meet and greet with Megan Maroney. Take action now to support St. Jude and help cure childhood cancer. And you're gonna be entered for a chance to win. Visit iHeart country trip.com to learn more. Today's topic, y'all. Today's topic. Ooh, this is a good one. This is a good one. What is it? How do you feel about it? Lex, are you celibate? Am I celibate? Damn. What?


Wow. Okay. Ate at the moment. At the moment, yes. Well, for how, how long has it been? No, that, You know, we, not we What's what's the question? What's the topic? It's not Is Alexis ce what's the topic? What's the what's the question? You could say, what's the pills that they be having on night count? We need to see if they make some for women. What, what, what pills? Whatcha you talking about? Uhuh. The rhino pill. What? I think they're rhino pills. Rhino, what is that? It's the, you go long, you go hard, you go, oh, like the honey pack or something.


That's not Rhino pack. I don't know. I think they call the rhino Rhino. No, but I, let me tell you this, I, there was a period of time where I was extremely celibate and really focused on really my centering my soul and really cleansing out all the energies of other people and, and just all of that. So I did take the time to focus on really myself. And to that point, it helped me really get the juices flowing and really get my mind Yeah. And my confidence popping. So it was good. It's good to really low key take, let your body, your mind and your heart, your soul, take a rest, You know, from other outside energies.


And so to the point where I'm just sitting in my essence of this bounciness of in, in the glow and the, the, the, the flow of everything. And so it's just like, You know, you have to be careful out here in these streets because I'm starting to read about, oh, STDs, all these things happening and we're, we're in Miami. We are, we're definitely in the space of like, You know, in the cities, these major cities of where you have to be careful. So it's becoming very much intentional about who, You know, I share that space with. That's true. Okay, Clint. So I have, I ain't never, I ain't never been celibate, but I just always wondered like, okay, does it count if, like, are you celibate if like you haven't had the opportunity, You know what I'm saying?


Does that count what you mean? Okay. Because I feel like, like if it's a drought here and they can't get none, like they, they can't get it. So they got me your celibate like celibate by choice. Like by choice or by by like I'm celibate and I'm just like, hmm, I'm celibate a bit. Or like, is it a drought? You know what I'm saying? No, it's a conscious decision. I feel like there's a conscious decision you give off that aura, you give off that energy of like availability, You know what I'm saying? Like, even like being married, You know, you're not putting it out there because you have your ring And you have this, this shield up of like, I'm not gonna go out there like that.


But like, being single, you have to protect your essence, your body And you and, and really, and I don't know if, if like, I never thought about that in marriage either to have like celibacy in marriage. If you're going through things to kind of thing celibate, I And you go celibate and we married baby. Who, who is the woman? You, You know, it could be some sexual things going on. It could be some deviation, it could be some other outside people, I don't know. But in my celibacy journey, it was really a, a conscious decision to really just focus on me and really my self love. Because then I notice now being in, in just in the maturity of my sexual experiences and just really life experiences.


I feel better when I'm, my everything else flows better when my mind and my soul are aligns and, and cleansed. And so I'm just very particular who gets experiences that lick. Yeah. If you, you got is very particular. But sometimes I feel like a lot of these women, not women, just people are like, I'm celibate, I'm celibate. And in my head I'm like, well we need to get you some because I like maybe acting all crazy. Like, well just go on and bust one real quick because you need to, I don't know, let some of that out. You know what I'm saying? You put all that energy on me, You know, like, have you ever had friends who like treat you like you're their boyfriend? You know, like they get mad, like when you don't call them back, da da da.


Like, I'm like, where you need to go find somebody to let that energy off of because Yeah, yeah. No hear you come over here. There's lots of toys too. You got options, you can get it off of different, You know, that's like the end, like that's to fix them and now they all spiritually better and You know, and it's like, girl, no, sometimes you just need to let one off real quick. You know what I'm saying? You need to just let, are you, are you celibate? Huh? Huh? No computer. It didn't freeze. Don't, don't do that. Uhuh. The T freeze. Wait, I lost connection. Yeah.


Right. No man. What you say? La Are you celibate? Are you celibate? So what that word is. Oh, okay. Okay. Have you thought about maybe having a period of celibacy and, and just really going there yet? Because this definitely takes discipline. I don't have discipline for that. Oh. So would you be able to date somebody who was being celibate? That's a great question. Ashley. There you go. Did you date somebody that's celibate? No. You really? Why operators was that?


You said that toys. Yeah, it was me. I said the toys. I got toys in my drawer. So I mean, at some point, how long are you trying to go on this celibate journey? Like you need to get, before you come talking to me and dating me, you need to get that out your system. Like get that all out your system and then come. But I can't date. No, you ain't ready for me. I'm expect you on a long journey. What if y'all really like each other? You know, y'all are, y'all vibing. The chemistry is amazing. The conversation is amazing, all of that. But it's just, he's celibate what we gonna say? Yeah. I I I have moments and weaknesses so I get I Sorry, why can you baby?


I you go, you go. You wanna express intimacy? Yeah. Okay. All I get it. I get it. So celibacy is it, I wonder if it's just a thing like I was, I was celibate for five. She about familiar with the lie. Go ahead. You listening Maybe what, six, six weeks and, and then the plumber. Is that the longest you've ever been Sullivan and then, and then the plumber had to come back over here and check the drainage.


I mean the, You know, okay, the what? Okay. Well I think it's self discipline and when you get to a space where you wanna like pause, I feel like you can do that. You're very disciplined, Sharelle. But I, so if you ever wanna place, I'm not. Yeah. And, And you shouldn't, I'm not saying it's per, it's per person per ppe. You know what I'm saying? I, I, my, I have my, my my amazing toy in my drawer when it that okay from means you can, you can still play with your toys and stuff. It's just you. That was the question I had. Can you still bust one from your own pleasure or is it just not having sex with another mate?


I think, I think you can just because we have needs And you can get them through toys now. I feel like you shouldn't, if you're in a celibacy journey, I think it has to do with being with a partner. 'cause of the energies you are really cleansing your body. So, or whatever your choice is to be celibate And to Ashley, what Ashley was saying earlier, some people are ce by choice and some are just celibate because it's just, there's nothing, there's no options out there. So yeah, I think, not that I don't, I don't know, I don't know nothing about none of this. But now that I'm thinking about it, I'm just like, if you celibate, I feel like it, you should not yesterday.


Like, because that's what's the, you gonna get the same feeling if you with a partner. Like I, if you're, if you're abstaining from sex, I feel like sex with yourself should be included because that's energy, that's sexual energy. That's, You know, just because it's not another person, there's still if there, and it's still geared towards sex. And if the whole point of it is to abstain and to put your energy elsewhere, I feel, feel like the celibate means completely not having any kind of sexual situation and I can't do that baby.


That that, yeah, I, I would interpret that would be your definition of celibacy. I I feel like that's what it, that's the truth. Yeah. Because people will, y'all know, people be out here masturbating a lot, You know, wearing, they roll out and stuff. They be wearing that thing out. Listen, they're ovation. Period. Period. I don't know about y'all, but baby oh my goodness out like, where where she at? Like, calm down girl. Calm down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah, I'm, I'm not, I'm, I'm never probably ever gonna be celibate.


I mean, I don't feel like I need the, I don't have that need right now. Yeah. But yeah, if I, I feel like if, if I think about the definition of celibacy, to me it would me restraining from all of that. That's fair. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, won't be that. I'm still counting my, my celibacy because it was like, I went from married and to divorce and I was like, what's good? Like, oh, you can go that type of, I was right after divorce because I was committed to one person for shit almost two decades.


That's a lie. But, You know, I was like, what's good? What's outside? What's what, what's all the fuss about, You know? Only to be like, You know, let me, let me, let me bring it on back. Let me, let me, let me bring it on back. This lex. Calm down, calm down girl. Calm down. That's too much. Well I get back to a, a space of really just what intimacy was for me and now I know what I want out of, in like intimacy of a partner and really what my body deserves. So a time, I'm glad I did do that. Celibacy. I did just think of a time where I time could kind of say I was not celibate, but abstinent What?


Your six weeks after? Oh no. So you didn't wait six weeks. Oh, I like that Ash. Let's hear about it. Because my c-section recovery was very bad. But that's how c-section I was abstinate before me and Phil got engaged. I had come to a point where I felt like I did not wanna have sex anymore. I a whitlock. Like, I just felt very sinful. Like it was just on me hard. And I got to the point where I told Phil like, I'm not having sex.


Like we even went to Dubai, we went all the way to Dubai And you sex in Dubai. That's good discipline. Damn. Yeah, girl. That's why Phil was like, oh baby, let me go get this ring. Yep. You know, because lemme shut it down. We had been together for like eight years at that point or seven, eight years, some, something like that. And, and yeah. You know, we had been having the whole conversation about getting engaged and getting married and he knew that's what I expected and wanted. And it, and I got to the point where I was like, well, if you, if you don't want that, then I don't, I can't do this with you no more.


Because one, I didn't wanna get pregnant again. Mm. Before pulling out condom. It was none of that. You know what I'm saying? So it was, so that was on my mind. And then two, I just, it was just very much on my heart at the time. Like, I just do not even feel right giving this man my body, You know? And he's not providing me what I need. And so, yeah, that was a time where I was abstinent. I wasn't celibate. I think there's a difference, You know, it is, I literally like being abstinent from sex, like for a reason. And it wasn't like to like punish him either.


It was really a me thing. It was like, I just physically don't feel good about it, You know? Like we would have sex and I would feel awful, You know? So I literally had to do it for myself. Good. Yeah. And yeah. Good for you. Not, not, not Ashley over there role playing and everything else are No, we'll be outside. We'll be outside. Ashley text And you baby. You already know what time it is. Ba zero o'clock, baby. I got the future plan, the surround side. I got the future plan. Boy, baby. We got a little situation worked out.


Y'all see me at the outside? Y'all already know when I get home it's going down. Okay. I love that. Me with the shit sweater too. I said I love y'all. Y'all are, I love it. It's so cute. I definitely have my little, my little bout of not indulging, but not no more. I don't think I ever do that soapy stuff though. Mm, good. Good. I love it. Okay. Gil's calling, gonna hate me for putting all our business out, but he probably in the chat. Is he watching or he taking at the book? Is he in the chat? Probably writing in there now, telling me to shut the hell up.


But it's the truth. He probably got the future on pause as soon as you get up the glove. Exactly. I know what time it is. Well, at the end of the day, celibacy is just powerful. I just thought it was, I really, really was able to tap into my, my soul and really now take my, my level of receiving and giving to a whole nother level. You know, just being able to like, well, let, lemme try. I just know your body. Let me try effective today. How long should I go? It's really up to you. I just think you gotta cleanse, cleanse your, your mind and your body. Let's, let's, let's do one day at a time.


Okay? And if you need a accountability partner, I, I'll be there. Influencer. I want me to check in with you. I'm, I'm gonna text y'all and tell y'all who to tell that person to stay away from my house all right now so I can work on this, this journey At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a car. It's the two door coop that was there for your first drive, the hatchback that took you cross country and back, and the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without. Trust Amica Auto Insurance.


Amica Empathy is our best policy. Let's be honest. Most of us have a love-hate relationship with wired bras. We love the lift, but hate the digging. We love the support, but hate feeling trapped. Well, Nick's just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body, not against it. Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from V-Neck to dresses.


And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every body experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nix.com for 15% off your order with free flex 15. That's KNI x.com Code free Flex 15 for 15% off n.com. PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart.


Glad We can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool. Hey, it's Amy Brown from the Bobby Bone Show. Join me in supporting St. Jude Children's Research Hospital for a chance to win a trip to meet Megan Maroney at the 2025 iHeart Country Festival in Austin, Texas on May 3rd, hosted by Bobby Bones. We're gonna hook you up with tickets, flights, hotel, food credits, and a meet and greet with Megan Maroney. Take action now to support St. Jude and help cure childhood cancer. And you're gonna be entered for a chance to win. Visit iHeart country trip.com to learn more So you can, you can focus well, we'll find out what it is, what's the goal?


You know, we need to know what the goal is, what you trying to do, You know, and then let's, let's reach it. I just need to clear my mind, body and soul. You do, you do. All right. We got humble batty. I know we got humble batty mail somewhere. I got some humble, it's time for Humble Daddy's mail. Y'all. And today's coming from, oh, we got a humble daddy. It's humble Daddy mail today we got, we got Larry from Detroit, Michigan. Okay, Larry. Hey ladies. What's up Larry? Wait. Hey ladies, I've got a situation that's been keeping me up all night and not in a good way.


Mm. I'm 38 single and living in Detroit last year. I took my mom in because we felt it wasn't safe for her to live alone anymore. Everything's been smooth sailing until last weekend. I usually work nights, but I got sent home early. When I walked in the house, I went in to check on her. But let's just say there were some noises coming from her room. Okay? And not just any noise loud, moaning. Now what? Here's the thing. No extra cars were in the driveway. So I don't know who or what was making her make those noises.


Was she handling business on her own or could it happen something else entirely? I panicked. Went straight to my room and haven't brought up, brought it up since. Should I ask her about it or just, just pretend I never heard a thing. What would you do? Help me out ladies. Damn Larry. Mama gotta get it. Mama got a road or not. Or the person has a Uber account. We don't know. He think he said he wants to go check for the cars and there was nothing extra going on. I mean, let me tell you something, I hope it never stops. You know, you wanna make sure you can keep it going as long as you can. And now he has to since they're room.


Not technically roommates but housemates. It is, it is just about both of them now understanding what, what the other per other one has been going through. You know she gotta get hers until she can go. I've heard mistakes drive and women, the older you get, it goes up. So Larry, you gotta let mama live, mama have needs and mama gotta get it going. But that's on you to think that mama didn't have to stay by herself, but you brought her in her in your house. Correct. Mama gotta get her knees off too. You can't listen, you, you mama gotta do what she gotta do.


Yeah, the toy or whether is with Tyrone, but at the end of the day, mama gotta get it on. Oh, I see what she did. There was those bars. She asked should he bring it up? That's the question. No, I'ma gotta get it. I don't gonna let mama do what she gotta. No, that's, I mean it could be some courtesy hours maybe implemented if it gets like really bad where it's loud or there's a child involved or some kind of whatever. But other than that, I don't think he should really say anything unless it's really bothering you that much. I mean, obviously for him to hit us up on humble, batty male to get our opinion on it, I think you gotta let mama live.


Yeah, because mama coulda had a sex toy. She coulda had a little rose. She coulda had what it do 'cause no y'all, y'all playing. My mom had to take her, her, she have a close neighbor. My mom baby. No, it's not my mom. My mom still, You know, she, it is her, our neighbor, she's like in her late seventies, early eighties. And my mom had to take her to the sex store and my mama was like, they get it, they go and get them DDoS, they go and get it. Like these 80 year olds are out here. Yes they are. Yes. The sex drive is guy. Maybe they don't wanna be bothered with what a guy or whatever.


And and mom said it wasn't no little boy, no little toy either. That that big. Well Larry, I think you need to turn the music up or something. She should probably let You know when somebody's coming over so you can be prepared so you can leave the house or have the music up loud or something like that. But she gonna stop. Yeah. Doesn't get so at least she, she was respectful because she did it while he was at work. Now that's on you. You come home early trying to check on mama, you shouldn't te courtesy text or something because I heard and if you think about putting her in one of those nursing homes or whatever, it goes down even harder.


So mama close mama gonna get it. Well Mary, we hope we answered your question. I think you should basically just let it go. Let my juhan thing. I mean if it gets outta hand then you could be like, Hey ma, I don't know what you got going on, but can we, can we just get a courtesy text or something when you doing what you're doing or if you bringing a man into our house, I would prefer y'all go get a room or something if you don't want men coming into your house or let me, let me meet Who coming up in here? Let me meet my potential step. Daddy, you never got dropped off. You know, you never know what's going on over here. Okay?


Okay. Give a call. Time. Well, well y'all look, it's about that time isn't it? It's time for cute and a. Alright guys, it's time to drop down the questions. What y'all got for us? Y'all got in the chat? What? You got the chat? What you got? Tell us re because you got it up don't you? I do, but I don't see the questions coming in with questions. Yeah, the questions And then we got q and a y'all Q and a after Alice Q and a.


Now we don't have questions. Somebody said, I don't see how those CNAs would do it. I'll be gross baby. You said, what did they say? They don't see how the CNAs do it. They would be gross. What's your question, Nikki? Oh, see Dr. Frankie Bellamy said Describe a typical day for you ladies. I, who wants to go first?


I'm all over the place. Stop. I woke up, I wake up early about 6:00 AM and my boys are up. They head to school early. I sometimes head to the beach. What else then? Depends on what I have going on for the day. I plan it out. I have school, culinary school classes, so I'll tap into that and then if there's any meeting schedule, I'll go do that. I will see if there's any sports activities. Usually one of the children have sports activities, so then I'll hit, I'll be dealing with that. There's groceries, inventory of the house, what do we need? Just, just all those kind of things. That's one.


Like probably that's the bulk of my day is really organizing the family and really my time and balancing that. So, and working ladies, what y'all? I'm on Zoom calls all day in the morning. Zoom, zoom, zoom, team meetings, development meetings. And then I wind down, talk to the kids and get my nap on. Naps are great. I say different from day to day, but I wake up and the kids are homeschooled so we kind of get up and we have slow mornings in the mornings I like to go outside.


We go outside with the kids, they play practice their sports with their dad and I'm kind of just out there willers wall like and stuff. I make them breakfast and they start school, they homeschool teacher comes and they do class with them and then they have like piano and all their sports and running them around. And then if I have like some real estate work, I'll do that in between here and there. And then I'm, I'm my chef, I'm name mate, lots of heads and there I'm Phil's assistant.


So yeah, whatever they need, that's what I'm doing. Love it. And then I come on here with Ible day period, someone asked how many times do you shoot your shot before you get the hint to cut it the fuck out? You got one cha from a woman, you got one time. I'm gonna shoot my shot one time. I'm gonna throw a little flirt thing in there. If you don't get it, then that's on you. But I ain't about to be continuously shooting shots and shooting breaks. Yeah, you have to get the hint at some point I, if I shoot my shot, it has to be someone that I really am interested in and then if I feel like it's not reciprocated, then I'm gonna fall back, shoot your shot, You know?


Yes, right. I be shooting my shot That feel, trying to get him to do random stuff based on what's going on with, I don't know how to pronounce Tiana ex-husband name M and Tiana as a wag, was it hard for you all to deal with your spouses after retirement when making your own money? No, it wasn't hard for me. I feel like it was easier because now he's home. He's not stressed out with, You know, knowing his playbooks and traveling and being on guard and making sure he like, he's not stressed out anymore, he's home.


And I have like my help helpmate now. So now it kind of relieves me a thing and I'm happier because I can fulfill myself in ways that I couldn't because I was being his support system. So for me it was easier. I know that's not everybody's situation, but I feel like that's how it's supposed to be. You know, I feel like your partner is supposed to be your help me. And I feel like once he retired it made everything lot easier because it wasn't all on me. You know? This Lex, this one is for you. I'm a new mom. What's the best, what's the most challenging slash rewarding part of parenthood?


Oh, for us all the re most rewarding part is really seeing your children. I could say now that they're older, I'm seeing them when they're away. Like array is away at school. So when she comes home, I'm seeing her maturity, I'm seeing the really, the fruits of my labor, You know, of really just putting it, pouring into our children, how much we've invested in education, traveling with them, showing 'em The world. And I see really the job and sacrifices that I put into my children. I'm now seeing it into them. So it's just exciting to see and really just gives me so much joy that I'm on the right track of being a parent for them. Yeah, your kids are amazing.


Thank you. When I see like, especially like your older kids, I'm just like, I hope kids turn out to be that great. Really. Thank you so sweet. Especially your daughter. That's, it's just an honor to hear that, You know what I mean? Especially just because they, they they're, they're vulnerable children depend on us for everything. So I appreciate that. That's just is super, makes me happy. So much joy. Yes. I, I feel like we all have amazing kids. Like we have done a great job, You know, raising our kids and teaching them the right things and You know, just being great people growing up to be future adults. Like we have done an amazing job.


So shout out to y'all. Shout out that to myself for it and, and my village for, You know, raising our babies to be Well that's right. Rounded. It definitely takes a village for sure. Because I know when y'all see mine out, y'all scoop 'em up for me, You know, help, help me out. And y'all have Yeah, of course. We all, we here for each other. That's right. Well that is enough for our Humble Baddies. We are out you guys, we thank y'all for tuning in. We are live every Monday and Wednesday, 8:00 PM Make sure y'all subscribe. Tune in, like follow, share. Tell a, tell a sister, brother, tell Tyrone tell Sharon to come over to Humble Betty's and check us out if you have any questions or you wanna submit a humble Betty or humble daddy mail You know where to go.


Humble Bettys podcast@gmail.com. Until next time, you can find me. I'm Sharelle Risto on Instagram, Sharelle dot risto on Snapchat. You can find me on Instagram only. Still y'all, we got some work to do at Alexis Meyer And you can find me at Ash three Nicole on Instagram and Ash three Nicole. Alright, everything else y'all. Thank you. Good.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report. Hey, it's Bobby Bones with some exciting news. Open Booking is here for the top shelf country crews setting sale February, 2026 aboard the luxurious celebrity reflection spots are filling up fast.


So book your state room today or sign up to become a lineup insider to receive the final lineup 48 hours prior to the public. Don't miss your chance to make February, 2026 unforgettable. Visit top shelf country crews.com. That's top shelf country crews.com. What goals did you set for 2025 If better? Sleep is one. Symbio Attica's Magnesium L three eight helps you wake up refreshed for gut health. Their glutathione supports digestion and reduces bloating. Symbio Attica is one of the most transparent brands out there never compromising on quality or sourcing. Their products are free from seed oils, preservatives, toxins and artificial additives. Something you can taste and feel in every packet.


Go to symbio attica.com and use code iHeart for 20% off and free shipping. That's symbio attica.com code iHeart. Asking the right questions can greatly impact your future, especially when it comes to your finances. So if you're looking for a financial advisor, you can trust Certified financial planner professionals are committed to acting in your best interest. That's why it's gotta be a CFP. Find your CFP professional at Let's make a plan.org.