
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist. At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule.


Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections.


Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show, or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets. Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hi music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMV. I love this station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists. And we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa Snap.


I Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey, music station hot 99.5. All right, let's move on to segment three. The rise of the Micro cheater. Have y'all heard of that before? No. A micro cheater. Literally never. No, I never heard give you, let me, let me, let me go. He didn't smash, didn't link, but he could. But he's still reacting to stories with hard eyes, staying in contact with his work wife and watches his ex's every IG story.


So what is it? Loyalty or low key betrayal. Honey, that's a gateway cheetah right there. He, well, on Hyundai, definitely. Definitely warming it up. Yeah. No, that's a lot. All right. So we're gonna define and dissect micro cheating. All the little behaviors that technically aren't cheating, but still definitely cross the boundaries. I'm gonna give y'all some scenarios. He deletes dms before showing you his phone just to avoid drama. Micro cheater in cheater. Yeah. What do you say, Portia? I feel like in general, because men don't know how to navigate situations, they try to avoid them all together.


That's what I think. I think his stupidity will have him delete it, even if he's not trying to be malicious. If he's first, he's just done. Okay. She keeps her old situationship in her close friends, but swears they don't talk anymore. Cheche does she? Pumpkin does. She's not being, she's being deceptive. He's on dating apps for the memes. They got memes on dating apps. Wait, what? He is on dating apps for the, for the means cheater. Oh, I don't know. Yeah. Well, why he on a dating app? If you're on a dating app?


I've seen, I've seen married men on a dating app, then they troll. And for cat, those are cheaters. Okay. That's it. All right. So it is emotional cheating worse than physical cheating? Yes, I think it is. Mm. I think it is. It, it's, it's emotional is an investment. Whereas, You know, physical cheating can be a one-off and there's no connection. There's no deep, You know, deep connection. No, it's just more of a lust thing. Whereas emotional, you're basically going through someone's layers of their mind, how they Think you are getting to know them.


It's an investment of time. Whereas, You know, it could be something very minute. It could be a two minute situ, a two minute situation, and that's it. You know, you could shut that off. Whereas emotional, you can't, You know, you're starting to think about this person, feel this person, understand this person, like get this person. You know? That's an investment. So emotional to me is way worse. Hmm. I think that depends on who you're asking. 'cause if you ask a man, which is where she's gonna say the physical, if you ask a woman, she's gonna say emotional, because we are emotional. And honestly, the truth is, I can fall in love with a door handle if it treats me well, I'm a woman. I can fall in love with anything if I really put my mind to it.


You understand? So I would say, oh yeah, emotional, because he's thinking about her. But let me go out and physically do something with a man and think that my husband will ever be given before to get over it. Ever, ever, ever. Never. He never. It's definitely a double standard. Like we never able over that wouldn't never, he would never be able to get over talking to this guy kind of like him. Like, it ain't gonna hit my, but the city is still just as bad, because like I'm thinking about, no, it's very bad. And I'm thinking about all of that. You know, everything. At this point, do you feel like, you Think you went over there and you felt, you Think you done fell in love with somebody cool, but you went and had sex with her, and then you came back and had sex with me and now my health is in jeopardy.


Oh, everything is bad. It's both bad. Okay. Oh, it's, it's horrific. I'm not saying one is worse, because now you got emotional. No. So for me, they equally, I'm gonna say, I can't say which, I didn't think they equally horrible. Horrible. Don't do it. Well, my definition of cheating anyway is anything you wouldn't do in front of your partner. So it can, it can, it can be so many different layers of it. If you're gonna try to start hiding things, covering up things, deleting things. Yeah. All that kind of stuff. You know, you're not being your authentic self.


Yeah. But I think emotional is a little bit worse because now there's time. Time enlist. Yeah. Well, that little two minutes of pleasure. They're both. Yeah. All right. So I got a game. Go for it. Cheater or chill. So I'm gonna present a micro cheating scenario, and y'all have to quickly decide if it's a cheater or chill, AKA harmless. And to spice it up, you have to explain your answer. And then we're gonna, You know, vote if we agree or not. All right. So he still follows his ex, but never likes her picks cheater or chill.


Still close the X. He's a cheater in training. Okay. Cheating is hibernating. His hibernation cheating. He is about, he's gearing up. Yeah. I think he's keeping his options. Yeah. Open or something. Like why he's gearing up. Gotta keep your eye. All right. He sends hard emojis to girl stories, but only celebrities and influencers. He's a la but yeah, I was like, nah, you're a, so I'm going chill on that one. He's not a cheater. No, I don't want him, I don't care what he, I don't warrant it.


He deletes messages so you won't get the wrong idea. Cheater or chill? Cheater. Cheater. I love, all right, cheater. It's, it's, it's chee. Yeah. Yeah. It's my It's on it's scale. Yeah, it's on the scale. You never post you, but always post thirst. Trap. Trap. She is a whore. I'm kidding. I'm kidding. On the way She's on the way, on the way. Something better. Okay. She's looking for so better For sure. He text a coworker Good morning every day, just to be nice.


He wanna die. That's what, that's horrible. He's on hinge, but swears he's not meeting cheating. Yep. Her works on Hinge. Just is it? Hinge is definitely, I mean, she keeps her work saved under a fake name already Cheating. Cheating. Yeah. Absolutely. The next man, it's the next boyfriend. He flirts with the waitress to get a discount. But says it's just jokes cheater. I don't think so. If it's bad cheating, then okay. Not bad. Cheating. If it's, if he's flirting and it's like good foot flirting. If he's a cheater, if it's bad flirting, then it's funny.


It's funny. Okay, so you're saying like, what kind of flirting is bad? Flirting with a waitress. Like if he's like, if we're there and hanging out, You know, the, the waitress, You know, is there again, it's in front of me. No, not in front of you. I think this is when you're not there. Oh yeah. You are not there. And he's like, Hey sweetheart, you looking mighty fine tonight. Can you bring me, that's bad. Flirting. Horrible. Flirting, looking mighty fine tonight. I count if she Good luck, girl. I mean, y'all think that's cheating, but No, no, no.


I can't slap cheating on Adam. Yeah, that's what to say. That you got a lot of jolly, You know, one of his only jolly is going to this restaurant and say, Hey, mighty, mighty. Like, live your life bro. Let's see. He's been single on Facebook for three years, but you've been together for two. Who checks their Facebook anymore? I don't like niggas Who? Facebook. Sorry. It probably forgot it was even on like that. Maybe not Facebook. I'm sorry. Look, you don't post their relationship status on other social media.


So if you keeping up with that. Yeah, I, I, I Think you might be a boom for that. Check pills right now. Let's see what it's, thanks. Say you could be a boomer if you, that's hilarious. Relationship status on Facebook. You might be loyal. My mom and them. I'm just saying she's her mom and them and auntie and them. Right. Alright, last one. She shares ig quotes. Like a man is only as loyal as his options. She's her. Somebody cheated on her. Yeah. Just me. Therapy. Yeah, I'm writing. She's up. That was cute. That was okay. That was, that's a new term. Micro cheaters. Yeah, I learned that today. Yeah.


Don't y'all be out here. Micro cheating and shit. I ain't never heard of that. Alright, so our last segment of the night, before we get to humble bating mail, we have a few questions from the Humble Batty fans. So first question, what food instantly reminds you of your childhood? Hmm, my barbecue because I'm from Kansas City, Missouri. Home of the best barbecue's that, that would be it. The smell of the, the barbecue sauce. The smokiness that taps into my childhood.


'cause my dad would cook it. He was, we had a big pit in the backyard. And so, and then we would go to Gates, shout out to Gates. They're also family friends. So we would go there, get the, the slabs and or the, the brisket. And then they had this, the white bread underneath to catch all the grease and all the, the salt and then the pickles. I'll never forget those pickles. They're so good. So that's what it would be for me. What about you Portia? Hot dogs and peach check soda. Oh, hot dogs. Okay. Check on the like generic store on the brick. Yes. Yeah.


I thought was a little burnt on it. Yep. Okay. Yeah, mine would be, mine is kind of boring, but Cream of wheat. 'cause my, my dad used to make it for me like for breakfast, You know, but not all the time, You know what I'm saying? And when I used to, when you, he would make it for me 'cause it, the way he made it, it was just, I don't know. It was like my daddy's cream of week. Yeah. Cream of week. So yeah, that kind of brings me back a little bit. Ritz girl, is that a Midwest thing or not Ritz. Ritz. But that was more everyday. Like regular. But when my dad made his cream a week, he made his cream a week. You know what I'm saying? It special. Yeah. Don't nobody eat cream and we every, like, you could have like every week but Right. Cream week, like you took some time.


Okay. You stir. Yeah. Some time. Yeah. Love and some intention. Yeah. Ooh, You know what else makes me about my chocolate fried fish sandwich on white bread and mustard. And I mean the white bread that gets stuck to the roof of your mouth. Yes. Yes. Plate. And a paper plate too. Oh the, yeah. Hey, burn your mouth. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright. I like my fish with mustard too. And yeah. Mustards be hidden. Okay. What is something you're tired of seeing on social media, Chad? 50 50. 50 50. Ooh. Paying the bills.


I'm sick and tired of being sick and tired of 50 50. I'm tired of seeing the concerts that people are posting and we haven't seen them yet. Oh, okay. Okay. Let, let us see something. Let it come to our city first. We done seen outfits. I know. Dance moves. I know the lip appreciate it. I know. I love you Daddy. I'm gonna be like, ooh, I know this song coming up next. Okay. Period. Like, You know, that does kind of make it fun. Her shows. It's like, I know what to wear. Don't wear that 'cause you look crazy. Yep. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm, I'm over here peeping like, okay, I need to make sure like I'm looking that way when she come out. 'cause she gonna come out over there like, be ready.


Right. I'm be ready. What you tired of seeing? What are you tired of, Ashley? Ooh. Am I tired of seeing, I'm tired of seeing the podcast. No, I'm just playing. That's what everybody be saying in the comments. Everybody podcast. Another podcast. My podcast. Everybody do got a podcast. Tired of seeing that comment that everybody, everybody don't need a podcast. Take they mics away. Like if y'all, why y'all here? Y'all don't have to be here. Everybody do got a podcast. I thought a comment that said that the government dropped off microphones and webcams like they did crack in the eighties. And I mean, that's a funny one.


That's a funny way that's, I'm not gonna lie. If y'all write that comment, I laugh. I would. Yeah, that's a good one. Be more creative. Be more creative. Be more creative. Okay. Hey, in a more funny way. Be funny. There you go. If they made a movie about your life, what which actress would play you? This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up.


Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation.


Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan.


$80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months. Less $800. Trade in or promo credit applied for 36 months. 0% A PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply. Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations. To spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


I have mine. Oh, Tracy Ellis Ross. Oh yeah, that would be a good one. I could see that one. I could see that. I could see that. I can see that. Yep. You know she has that, that that tree hugger vibe like you too. 'cause You know, You know how you get down Mother Earth, you just, that's right. You've got, I can say yeah. Yeah. Y'all have that same energy, that same accent that you like to call it. I feel like that's who I would let her go. Go ahead and be great sis. Be great. Who, who? Who would you have play Portia? I literally have no idea.


I have never given this an ounce of thought when I can tell that Alexis has actually thought about this before. I have not let I get favored first. That just came off the door. I said that. I don't believe that I said that. That's, I did not know this was a question. I'm trying to think Question for you prepared. I like this game. Hold on, let me think. For shit for should actress somebody who looks like me or somebody who can act like me. I think it has to be a little both. Like Yeah, that's what I was up about. Who gives your vibe? Oh, I know. Kind of.


I might have needed to think a little bit harder, but if this went my head, I would say Zendaya. I as, 'cause You know I be throwing ass. Oh I know. You know, I like the, I never go, I don't her be that look at it. Right. But you're seeing me do that great actress. And I know she would figure it out. What? I can see that I can she No, I don't see too. Oh, why? Because my attitude, because I was loud and I say crazy shit.


She's versatile. She's versatile. She's a great actress. She gives me more older, like, not older woman, but like older. Yeah. Like, and I'm not an auntie yet. I'm like, I like baby boy. I think of, I think of her and Benjamin Button I her and, and baby boy. I get that. I don't, I How long baby can see that one? She gonna have to get about eight shades lighter. 'cause bitch I am transparent over here. I need a tan so bad. Oh my God. I mean I, I wasn't going off of all look.


Yeah, okay. Mine would be Zoe Salana. Yes. Absolutely. Yeah. I really like her vibe. I feel like she gives like tomboy-ish and then she's a really great actress and yeah, I like, I like her movie. Maybe I, I just wanna be her honestly. Maybe you just, You know, I was giving skin. It's giving. I could that that's who I would. Yeah. I see. She could probably play like a nice southern girl too. Like very sweet. Yeah. I came up with some good ones off the, yeah, that's, I'm on.


And get back to y'all later. Okay, next question. Who is the most unproblematic celebrity in your eyes? Unproblematic. 'cause I can give you a lot of problem. One said we don't know anything that they just mind their business. Oh, I got it. Kerry Washington. That's who you are. And that's who's also Unpro Unproblematic. Oh, Kerry Washington. Yeah. People say that a lot. Okay. And then, and then I feel like she's mostly unproblematic than both. Most because one, she's been married to her husband for years. They keep it out of the bus. Everyone's business. And she has two kids that no one knows what they look like.


So her, no one knows what they respect. Yeah, that's a good one. Cherry wash Or that she even had 'em, like somebody was saying I saw something where they were like, yeah, she's like my two children. They were like, yeah, what? I only know she has them a, A scandal. 'cause I've seen every episode and I'm pretty sure she was pregnant. I know she was pregnant while she was filming. Scandal. I can't think of nothing. 'cause I only be paying attention to the problematic one. Yeah. That once they highlight, they never highlight, You know the ones that are doing good. The ones that are out Unproblematic. Yeah. You got one question? No, I'm trying to look on the blogs and see, You know, in the comments.


They'll post somebody be like, oh, she's so unproblematic. And I be like, is she really? But You know what? They are problematic to me. Who they hit that internet girl. They start cutting up. Who is unproblematic? Beyonce. She doesn't like address anything. Beyonce got problems. She's just good. She got good pr. She's just not you. I mean everyone, I'm not saying, but she's like, she's fun. Keep us the, she's not like a regular celebrity. Yeah. You know what I mean? I feel it doesn't count. She's like in her own stratosphere.


She doesn't have to address though. Yeah. Zen unproblematic. That's another good. Yeah. Unproblematic mine. Her business makes her coin. I agree. Yeah. You know. Yeah. Stay at the mess. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. Okay. We'll play with those two like that. If you could stop live with anyone for one day, who would it be and why? Oh, Beyonce. I would, I wanna see, I don't would, I wouldn't, I don't wanna be wanting other people alive 'cause I don't know what they're going through.


I really don't either. I talk with Beyonce. I, I have to pick somebody. If y'all gotta pick somebody. Renana, Rihanna. Okay. Who you got? Portia? Oh, I don't know. I need somebody who's just as rich with less responsibility. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? I probably try to pick like, I don't know Corey Gamble. Wow. That's a good one. That's a good one. I wanna set Courtside.


We know all the T2 I need. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I need Cory's line. All the T That's pretty good for that is the madam. He right there. There. He's a, that's a well kept okay white wine and them silk pajamas everywhere he go. And I say, you better go Madame Corey. Yeah. Matching. Matching Madam Corey. Now that's true. Maddest one out. Okay, let me be Corey. That's a good, that's a good one. That's a good one. That was a great one actually. Yeah. That was off the dome for real. That one hit my spirit.


I said Ooh, that's the one. That's, that was a good one. All right y'all, that was great. Thank you guys so much for sending in your question. Y'all send in more questions 'cause that was fun. Now it's time for Humble Betty Smell L. You got our humble apple Betty smell for tonight. Yes. Now it's time for Humble Bat's mail. Okay. That was my little intro. I don't know where that came from, but whatever. Anyway, okay. This one comes from a batty in Orlando, Florida. What's up Old town.


Here's what she wrote. Hey, Humble Baddies. I need y'all to be for real with me. I've been dating my man for a little over two years now. Things were great in the beginning. The sex, the chemistry, all that. But lately things have gotten weird in the bedroom. Every time we get intimate, the only, he only wants to do anal like every time. Oh, at first I thought it was just him wanting to spice things up and I was like, okay, cool. But now it's to the point where he'll literally turn me over mid for play and go straight to the back door. If I try to initiate regular vaginal, vaginal, sorry, vaginal sex, he'll say stuff like it's just doesn't hit the same or I like it tighter.


Oh like huh sir, this is not a flesh. This is not a flesh. Like this is me. Well I'll try to ask him about it, but he just laughs it off or gets defensive. So now in my head, like, is my man gay? Is he fantasizing about something else when he's with me? Or is it just some weird preference thing? I'm not understanding. Please don't clown me. I really am trying to figure out what's going on. Because the math is not math. And help sincerely confuse and clenched in, oh not clin. Oh my gosh. Oh baby. That's say thank y'all for sending in this because you are being very open and transparent.


You know what I'm saying? Brave to, You know, ask us this question and for advice on a situation like this. So thank you for writing us and writing into Humble Baddies. But I don't know, first of all, I would just say if he only wants anal sex, I would ask him, You know, if he's saying it's not tight enough or whatever, maybe like you could explore options to make your vagina tighter. Because there, if you had baby, if you had babies, maybe it's not as tight as it used to be. And he's used to it being tight.


First of all, that's not, I disagree. I dunno. I'll, okay, well first of all, lemme tell you, your cat does not get well. They thing that makes they have that. Maybe you just gotta go. We, and You know, I wouldn't even do that. And I'm not even gonna blame what parents, what you say. Got a little pig what you say. But I'm not even gonna say that. That I'm, I was going to say maybe I'm just a toxic millennial. 'cause obviously I, I just wanna be like girl because he's obviously super's say too, but I ain't wanna offend. Yeah. People It is not bisexual. It's not her.


He's definitely di he's definitely figured that out, that that's what he likes. But, but it's not gay though. He can't say, everybody's saying it's not gay if it's a woman's ass, You know, I'll say what I wanna say if that's the only thing he want. And he's like, oh, just don't, yeah, that's, and during foreplay too, it's not like trying to find her a that's generic. Go and see about getting doggy style offer that now at the me spa and stuff. You can go get a little and it apparently tightens it up. I'm just giving her a solution so she don't gotta keep getting, You know. Yeah. But she said mid play, mid foreplay and then we'll turn him, turn her over.


Like, and then, I mean, there's different ways, You know, there's different access back there. So he, he ops for the, the higher whole, like, I mean on purpose what call, what if he's just unimpressive? I don't, I don't know what if it in and slip out, You know what I mean? Like what if he's just not, maybe is he giving other like if does he have other gay tendencies? Because we can start there because if he's doing other things then yeah, he just gag. You know what I mean? We can just go ahead and just say, he's probably just, Hmm. Try to play with his butt hole and see how he feels about it. But really the thing he said that he said it's not tight anymore, so he likes it tighter anymore.


Wait, he said he likes it tighter. That's why he goes back there every time. He likes it tighter. Like he likes a tighter access point I guess. Yeah, we, okay. Well I, I think, I don't know. I feel like he talking my head, them fighting words, bitch, I would've pushed it, pushed him right in his mouth. He like, what you mean what? It doesn't hit the same. I like it tighter. Yeah. I don't know. I would say, yeah, I like ESC. No, I feel like he wanna fight. I don't, I don't think I would've taken that too. Well he probably gay because I just don't know a man. I don't, I ain't never experienced any like this.


I don't know. But I think he might be gay. Let's just, I'm sure our advice can go. We don't know. But it's given gay. Sorry. Hi to our reader for play ma'am. Monopoly for play. That's it. He said let's, let's skip, let's skip to the good part. Eh? That's what he said for him though. Very selfish. Yeah, Barry. Very selfish because that is not the bee's news. That's awful. I'm so sorry for you. That's awful. Confused and clenched in Orlando. But thank you for writing us. Bet. Oh you poor in.


Thanks for writing us. You guys please continue to write to Humble baddies mail. You can write to Humble bat contact at Humble Baddies dot com. You know, if you have any questions, you need advice, please let us know. We're your girls, we're gonna do our best to answer your questions. Sometimes we don't know and they just be gay. But thanks for tuning in tonight to another episode of Humble Baddies. I'm Ashley Nicole. You can find me at Ashley Nicole on Instagram and Ash three Nicole on everything else, where can they find you guys? I am Alexis Meyer on Instagram and I just wanna say thank you Portia, for joining us today.


You Pia Porsche, where can they find you? PORs. They can find me on Instagram at Portia Berto. And I think it's the same on TikTok, but I'm not sure. But you can find me. I ain't hard to find, but thank you'all for having me. Of course. You gotta come back. We both having you. You so much. All right y'all, thank you so much for tuning in. We'll be back next week. We'll see you next time. Love you. Bye.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant? Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sim back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy.


By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health the priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. You're listening to an podcast.