
Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends. You just need the right shoes. That's where designer shoe warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans, pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers, obsessed with the shear trend. Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho, comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, and just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Wouldn't it be great if for every customer call you missed, you are given a second chance to make that connection with Ruby. You don't have to hope for a second chance. Ruby is the remote receptionist company who screens, transfers and text messages 24 7 all while making your customers feel special. We do everything an in-house receptionist does only better see why thousands of businesses trust us to enhance their customer's experiences. Never miss a customer call again. Visit ruby.com or better yet, call us at eight four four nine hundred RUBY.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives, but are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


All right, Charles. Moving on. We have some questions from the fans that we want to answer. All right, so every week we're gonna start taking questions via our stories. So if you have a question, make sure to follow us on IG and ask your questions. And our producers will pick five questions for us to respond to. So let's get to it. Is OnlyFans really a solid way to make money? I think it on there.


They, the receipts money. I'm not gonna hold y'all. I thought only fan thought about it. Only for the feet. But You know, you don't have to show only for the feet. Only for the feet. I see your feedback. Thank you. So to speak too, because when I'm accidentally like showing a story, 'cause y'all know I'm be in my stories all the time and my feet happen to be in there. I'm getting the most random comments like, ooh, let me pick a color for you. Let me slide you some money to get a petty period. Send hundred dollars. Yeah. Oh, oh my dad.


It's, I'm not giving down my, my Venmo on my phone number, but low key, no Elle gmail something. Sign Cash app. Cash app something. Apple pay the only fans, you gotta that money fetishes. There's certain things and then they have, I saw this other thing, I forget what it's called, but they have, where there's guys who wanna be cash mules or something, something to this point where they want, they want women to drain their bank account. So they're like, send me some money, send me some money, and then a minute later send me some money. Like, or this amount. So this just like, it's whatever the lady that's getting bread, I am not comfortable showing, You know, like nudity or anything like that.


But I might, You know, let, let let a foot be shown here and there or whatever. I the star, the only fans and he, he, I like, he was down with y'all. Y'all would make a lot of money, Ashley. Yeah, I'm, yeah. I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking about it. What would Y y do we gonna go and we're gonna do like, I think like pictures like, but not nude pictures, but like where you can't really see our faces. Like maybe like the silhouettes of our bodies or something. I don't know. Something real arty and classy. You know what I'm saying? Something for the grown folks just are still very classy, You know what I mean?


Yes. Especially, especially when I get back in the gym, You know what I'm saying? Like yeah. Something very, like ladies are showing them receipt, they making bread, they making money, but I don't know what they doing because they making millions. And I don't know if that, I don't know. You know what I'm saying? I might be get a light bill or something paid with my, You know what I'm saying? I, because I ain't gonna be showing all that. I ain't about to be showing, I ain't about to be showing, You know. Exactly. Then, right. I'll show, I'll show my feet. I'll be like Lex and show my feet. If I show my feet, they gonna, they gonna charge me 'cause my feet ugly as hell.


They gonna be like, bitch, you will pay you to never, ever, that'll ever again. We sewing how, who approved this and who authorized these? This, this fee pick. I'm saying. Oh, okay. Next question. How long should you be in a relationship before living together? Mm. How long should you be Situational?


Yeah, it is very situational. It's situational. If y'all young doing your thing and not even young, just single no have no connections. Like to me it's when you have children at home, that could be, that's, that's tricky. It should be longer obviously. 'cause you're now someone's in your household with your children. But if you have no attachments or things like that, then live, You know? I mean, yeah. I feel like just, yeah, but I also know, I know people. You said what? I moved in with Phil pretty quick, but we didn't have, we had no insurance or nothing probably.


I mean, as soon, I mean, well I was in college so as soon as I graduated I was at, I was limping with him. So I'm saying quick, like not after knowing him how long? Oh, let's see. Like six months maybe. And that's only 'cause I was still at school. It probably would've been crook. Yeah, it is situational. I just feel like if you, if y'all are clicking and You know, and this is what y'all gonna do, then you can get to know somebody quicker that way. You know, it's just when you start signing them contracts and them leases and, and all that.


And you expected someone to pay bills or things like that. No. Once you saying that's when you start getting pregnant too. Oh yeah. Because you're now Exactly. You got, you got, you got time. Yeah, that part. Okay, next question. Do you ever have regret, regrets on how things ended with you and Chad? Girl? I know that question was next. Oh no. Asking Chad. I asked. That's what I humble. Do you ever have question for Rell?


Any regrets? Would you ask regrets about what? Do you ever have regrets on how things ended with you and Chad? No, I don't dwell on on things like that. I mean, everything happens for a reason and You know, Chad is, is focused on him and I'm focused on me. So it is what it is. Period. Cheers. Dang. Who have I asked that question? Oh, I know.


Ooh, okay. All right. Next question. Please share with us your worst date ever. Worst dates or y'all only have good dates. Uhuh. I have some bad good dates. I don't, I have a bad date story. Okay. Do I have We listen in this, this guy, first of all, he came in town and it happened to be around Valentine's Day, but we weren't even like that. So I was already like, he just happened to be in town and he was like, you wanna go to dinner tomorrow?


And I was like, sure, whatever. And not really know, knowing it was Valentine's Day. Fast forward, he was like, here's the address of the lo location. And the time was at five 30 for dinner. I didn't think anything of it too much. Only because I know like usually with Valentine's Day they have Like, You know, seatings and things like that. But like that was the first seating. So I know it was like last minute wasn't super intentional, but the energy started to be off because it was like, I met him there, which was again fine. I don't mind driving or getting there on my own just because I like to exit if I need to.


But once we got there, it was just like the flower petals were everywhere 'cause it was Valentine's Day and all these lovers and, And I just felt uncomfortable. 'cause I'm just like, this is date one, like what's going on? You know? It's just a little much. And then the energy was very much like trying to show off and like really Like, You know, like I'm doing this, I'm doing this. But I'm like, it's a set menu and it's prefixed and then you are not doing all this kind of stuff. And then he was on his phone most of the time, transferring money into his account to pay for the dinner. Oh.


And it was on the phone doing it. And I was just like, I was like, what's going on right now? And then just on the phone too. So I'm just like, why are we here? So, and just friends, we're friends. Thank you so much. But that was a horrible day for me. It was horrible. And I ended up leaving like after I, he was like, you want dessert or anything like that? And they've sending out this heart shaped chocolate cake and I'm like, this is not giving that, it's not romantic. This is not what we doing right now. This is the wrong place, the wrong day, the wrong everything. And, but we cool now we friends. He was able to transfer the funds right? And pay right. Yeah. But you calling people to do it and when we rolled up, reservation was not in his name either.


That shit, that was shit was, it was just, it's just, You know, it was weird. It's like, yeah, somebody hooked them up that last minute. Yeah. It was just tacky. So it was just a little turn off for me. Mm. So that was not a good day. Yeah. I would've walked out. Like it just was just like, I really put him in that friend zone asap. You know what I mean? So I didn't have to walk out. It wasn't like he was horrible, You know what I mean? And I know I'm outside of it, but this was your first impression to try to date me? Yeah. I had this dream that I say I always wanna play out. Like it's a very dramatic scene in my head, but I'm married so I don't know if I'll ever get to do it, but I wanna like be at dinner and, well, I told Phil I'm gonna do it one day.


He just gonna have to play it along, but he's gonna say something that makes me so mad or do something and then I throw the water in his face And I get up and walk away. I always pictured doing that. And I gonna follow you out. Yeah. I want him to be like, oh my God. Like I want it to be a whole like scene. You know what I'm saying? Like I just, I can just see it playing out. Okay. I'm just why don't y'all role play? Role play. We should do that. Okay. You know what? That's cute. Our anniversary coming up too. So I'm gonna say thank you. Yeah. And then we go back to the room and then we have like makeup sex or whatever. Yes. That's cute.


Keep it spicy. Role play idea. Yeah. Yeah. And I idea good for, alright, next question. In a relationship, is it okay for your boyfriend to always ask for a BJ but never wants to go downstairs on you? What? Oh hell. Red flag. Red flag. That's a red flag. I'm a equal participant. I mean, give and take. Give and take. And I don't even listen. If you gonna do it, if I'm doing a great job to you, you better return the favor.


I mean, for me it's a prerequisite. Like what? Like that's just like the beginning of that up, You know what I'm saying? Like, how are you gonna not, it's not gonna, we're not exactly. That's the beginning. I ain't now we too old. We too old for that. If you not going down, you are. Yeah. How old are you sir? Childish. You don't like girl? You don't like girls For real. But I didn't say that anyway. You're very childish. Yeah, I know this wasn't red flag game, but that was that's definitely a red flag.


Big red flag. Big red flag. All right, last question y'all. You win $20 million, but you can never be on social media again. Are you taking the money? Are you saying No, I'm hauling ass. Taking the money and hauling ass. I'm Can I off right now? Yeah. I outta here. 20 m social. It's stressful now. Like yeah, sure. Post and being relevant and stay on top of it and respond and engage and keep up with the algorithms and bitch, I'm motherfucker tired. Okay. Yeah. I'm taking next window.


I'm going to go travel. Do me do some other things. Take care of things that have somebody else run the social media. How about that? Yeah. Yeah, they could, they could do that. There's definitely you can you honestly, you could gimme a million dollars. You can gimme me probably right Now. You can probably gimme about you. Probably. It's a number way lower five 20. But you could give me you, you're right at this point, because you're right. Social media ain't it for real? It's a, it's becoming a job. It's becoming very much, You know, a lot. It's a lot, You know, and it, it's, it's taxing again, on your mental and just, just all these things.


So it, it's, it's it's a lot. It's a lot to maintain. It's a lot. Yeah. So we all taking the we taking the 20 million we outta here. You taking that money and gone shoot? Yeah. All in ahead. Alright. That was a fun game. So you got, make sure you send us your questions. We would love to answer them. That's so fun. Send your random questions. That was cute. I like that. I like that a lot. Yeah. All right, let's get into our next topic, which is, should we be taking breaks in relationships? Why a time apart might be the key to growth? I don't know about that.


Taking a break in relationships has been a topic of controversy for years. Some say it's a way to refresh and gain perspective while others think it's a way to avoid commitment. So do you think that breaks help a relationship grow? Or do they just create a space for problems to fester? What do you think constitutes a break in a relationship? It has to be communication, first of all. Now, I'm not gonna say no relationship is perfect if you have the oppor there, there's a reason why, like, let's just say in marriage, obviously there is a reason why there's a separation period. Because you wanna make sure you're making the right decision before you pull a plug.


So I understand that, but it has to be some kind of rules, regulations, communication of the separation. Are you gonna be dating other people? Are you gonna be, You know, having sexual whatever? You know, what other people, what is gonna happen? Like what do you see happening? Are you dating? What is the point? And what is the goal? Like, what is the goal of the separation? Is it for us to get back together or to see what else is out there and see if this is meant to be. I think it's really tricky when you start having other people involved in your relationship, especially what you've already established. It's already hard enough to be committed.


So to start adding all these different energies and adding all this extra, You know, people that are now players in your, your, your game, essentially, it becomes super tricky. And You know what, if that person is just one of the, one of the two that are in the relationship is a lot more, You know, social and have more opportunities to like hang out with other people, go on these dates and stuff like that. And the other one is not, they're not able to like, have this freedom or this space. It can get real tricky. I mean, I'm a believer if you let something go, it comes back. If it comes back, it's yours. That's how, You know, that's the real thing.


But it gets super tricky because now you're like, are we not supposed to talk to each other as much? Are we supposed to really break up? Are we really not together? It is super tricky. I don't even like dating men that say they, they're separated. I'm like, you got somebody, like, there's still attachment, there's still time attachment, there's still emotional attachment, there's still all these things because you still have someone that is really literally in limbo or just waiting their turn. And I'm not down for that. I can, I feel like it gets, it can get super tricky. But when it comes to like marriage and separation, before you pull the plug for divorce, I feel like it could be necessary.


Hi, I'm Ruby, the remote receptionist who make small businesses feel like giants. We answer all your calls live from right here in the us. We take messages, answer questions, route calls, everything an in-house receptionist does over the phone only better because we specialize in turning every ring into a relationship. Experience Ruby for yourself. Visit ruby.com or better yet, call us eight four four four hundred. Ruby.


Hello. It is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home the hundreds at casino style games And you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life Sponsored by Chumba Casino. VG w Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Asking the right questions can greatly impact your future, especially when it comes to your finances. So if you're looking for a financial advisor, you can trust certified financial planner professionals are committed to acting in your best interest. That's why it's gotta be a CFP. Find your CFP professional at let's make a plan.org.


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other AI often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know, choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com. And let us know how you feel The difference.


I, I experienced with my past, my, this recent relationship, I, I asked for a separation Hmm. To work on each other thinking that it would get better. It didn't time apart And we created more. You wanted, you, you, you guys had, I don't mean to cut you off, I just wanted to know you guys came up with what you thought you, what separation should look like, or just like when you say separation, like you were just like, let's not, let's figure out separate. It was more like separately, right? It was more like space. So for you to work on, You know, what caused this And You know, for me to deal with, with what I need to deal with to get past it, but what I thought that would be good, the separation for us to work on each other.


It wasn't, it, it just basically caused more for us to more separate and, and go our separate way. So if, if you both not in agreeance with what you want And you don't wanna be together, if, if y'all are not on the same page, it can cause a lot of controversy and can cause y'all to park. So it's basically what you want. A lot of people don't take separation serious when it comes to relationships because they think, oh, a separation is negative, so this person wanna get rid of, You know, let me focus on me. You want time apart from me, let me focus on me and do me, instead of fixing yourself, you jump and go move on and continue to create that same cycle.


Correct? Yeah. I mean, I don't know, breaks are a little scary in my mind. Like when I think about it, it's like, we taking this break And I was always confused about like separations when people are separate, like they're married and they go through a separation. Like, You know, what is the conversation? Are y'all saying Like, You know, let's go out and see if we wanna be with somebody else. Like I never understood that. I see a lot of people who are separated and they're like in whole relationships with other people. And that's really confusing to me, You know, as a married person, not that I'm thinking about divorce, but it's just like, aren't you still married?


Doesn't that still mean something? You know, I don't know. I feel like if you're separated, that means that you are not, You know, seeking other people. You're not open to other people. It means you're still trying to figure out your, what you're currently in without outside influences. And so, like you said, Sharelle, when people like don't take it seriously and y'all aren't seeing eye to eye and aren't in agreeance on what this time is for, then I see it creating a bunch of issues. And then like, when you're just dating And you wanna take a break, I don't know, I feel like that's kind of like a cop out, like, do you wanna be with me or not?


You know what I'm saying? Yes. Because we not married, so you don't gotta be here. You know what I'm saying? Ain't nobody holding a gun to your head. So what do you mean you need a break? So if we're just dating and You know, you want a break from me, I feel like that's really like a cop out because at this point, if we're just dating, I feel like there are things that we can really work on and decide on and, You know, talk about without having to just completely break away from each other now and then if there is, and if it, if the problems are big, then let's just break up and call it a breakup.


But not a break. I'm not gonna say it. I'm finna take a break from you and come back like, no, we, we about to break up and whatever happened, happened. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. If we find our way back to each other, cool. And if we don't, we don't. But I feel like when you put, when you say it's just a break, it just cloud, it makes it cloudy. It's like a gray area. And I don't see the point y'all like we're just dating and now we're not. Just call it what it is. Yeah. That's how I feel. That's what I'm saying. It can get tricky whether it, I mean, And I get, again, I get the period of the, like in a marriage, You know, when you're definitely, when there's paperwork, there's all these things like that. Or very, very much serious relationships too, because you'll get to a point where you're like, are we gonna proceed and move forward or are we not going to be together?


So it it, it's like that too. If you're in a serious relationship with someone, you are like, we need to take time for ourselves. We need to think about, I need to heal, I need a healing space or I need this, whatever. But it's definitely tricky. 'cause again, you're starting to, if you're not working on yourself or whatever the common goal is and not communicating what exactly this separation is, what's the goal? What are we doing communicating throughout, then you really are, you should, you should really not be together. Yeah, that's true. And be just Jayden just making a clean break and y'all just go y'all separate ways and do y'all thing that way it ain't no confusion, it ain't no great areas.


Nobody's confused about anything. We are not together and leave it at that. That's all it a carry on. Yeah. Whatever happens, happens. Yeah. All right. So if anybody in the chat has any ideas on that, let us know. Are y'all watching the chat right now? I can't see the chat right now. No. You watching the I have a delay. Okay. All right. Boom. Let's move on then. It's time. We're Humble. Baddies Mail.


All right, Sharelle, I think you got it this time. Do Alright, take it over, Ashley. All right. Hey, humble baddies, first of all, I'm obsessed with y'all. The energy, the realness, the laughs, it's everything. And Alexis girl, you always say exactly what I need to hear. I love your aura. Aw, that's so sweet. Okay, so let me get a little vulnerable here. I'm a mama of two now. Just had my second baby with my hubby of five years. And I'm tapped out between breastfeeding, chasing toddlers, trying to be a boss at work and keeping the house clean and making sure nobody's getting goldfish off the floor.


Sex is literally the last thing on my mind, but I know my man wants to have sex. So my question is, how do you keep that sexy spark alive after kids when your body and brain just ain't in the mood? Did y'all go through this too? Is this a season or should I be worried? Please help Love y'all girl. You should be worried. You should be worried. The reason why I say this is because if not, you're not giving it to him. He's gonna go out and find it somewhere else. Trust me. That's why our previous conversation, we said, you gotta take time and make sure you are good first so that your family can be good.


Now I'm gonna need you to figure out what it is. Take a break, You know, find family support to get the kids and get yourself together. Go find you some sexy lingerie girl and go make some spark in the back room with your man. SISs is tired. Sherell, SISs is tired. Yeah, I'm okay with her taking a break, You know, whatever. But guess what? We have to give ourselves grace too. And unfortunately men can't have kids And we have to verbalize that and communicate that she has two babies. What? She said within five years your body and your mind and your spirit. Everything is not, it's been five years. It's not that hard.


That's what I'm saying. That's why, wait, it's been five years since they've had, no, not five years since they had sex, but the kids, it's, You know, five years. They probably like 3, 5, 5. No, she said she's a mama two and just had her second baby. We just saw a second baby. Her second baby, she's her of five years. See, they've only been together for five years. See, she need to go get some of them spark pills then. No, no. All right. I feel like, go ahead, Ash. I, okay. So I feel like I have been through this, like, there was a time when I feel like I was just too tired to have sex.


Like I feel like there was a time where I have been too whatever. Too tired, too hormonal too, just over sensitized. Is that the word? Like, like overexerting yourself just over? Yes. Like I just, there was a time, You know, when my kids were younger when I just, it was just too much, You know? And by the end of the night when I got into bed, all I wanted to do was go to sleep. And of course my husband was looking at me like, what did you doing?


You know? And it did cause tension in my relationship And I did feel like a horrible wife. And I did feel the pressure and the guilt and all the things that come with that. You know, it's like, I'm a wife, I'm supposed to be doing this for my husband, You know, but I'm a mom now, so I need to be able to do this. And You know, it's like all of these things that you're trying to keep up with as a new mom and a wife. And it gets overwhelming sometimes. And it's not just the, oh, just go take a pill to make you get in the mood. It is literally physically I can't do it.


And I, and I've been to the point where I would do it and it was not good, You know, because I don't wanna do it. You know what I mean? And so I can totally like understand where she didn't say her name, but I understand where she's coming from. 'cause I have been there. She, she and resolution though. She's asking for a, I'm, I'm, I'm getting there, I'm getting there. I'm getting there. I'm just saying, I don't think it's as easy as just getting over it and just, just because I think like he's gonna go and be with somebody else.


My solution first of all, and just looking back, not saying that this is what I did, but if I'm going to give advice, I would say you have to sit down and talk to him about what you're feeling physically and emotionally because Correct men don't know. They don't know. They don't know. They don't know what it takes out of a woman to be a new mom, to be breastfeeding, to like have a c-section and be breastfeeding. Like physically I couldn't have sex. Like it still was taxing on me. Yeah. And men just don't know, You know, they, we think, You know, they can read our minds sometimes, but they literally just don't know how physically taxing, breastfeeding, being your baby's primary source of food is tiring and taxing.


You have to be with your baby 24 7. That's a lot to, You know, to, to bear. So one is having a conversation with him and letting him know like, babe, I physically can't, You know, be there for you sexually like I was in the past because currently my body is being used as a vessel, as a source of food for our child right now. And it's taking so much energy outta me. You know, they need to know like what we're going through. They don't know, they don't know nothing about breastfeeding. They don't know nothing about keeping a baby and all of that. So it's a conversation one, two, I think, You know, having that mentality of, oh, he's gonna go get it from somebody else.


If I don't do it, it is not the best mentality to have. Like, we shouldn't just jump to that thought because that will just send us down a spiral of whatever. Like, we don't need to be thinking like that. Like, let's not jump to that. Okay. And secondly, I would just say, You know, find ways to give somebody else the duties that you have. So if this's, You know, washing clothes and laundry, like let somebody else take care of that for you. You have to find ways to get the help you need so that you aren't as tired.


You aren't as o overwhelmed and overloaded with whatever's going on. But that again, that's a, You know, that goes into being vocal about what you need. So, You know, I mean, and also remember that this is only a short timeframe and that this is gonna pass. And, and telling and having that conversation with him, just let him know like, look babe, this is only for this amount of time. Like, I'm not always gonna be tired like this. Let's find out, let's find a time when I am less tired. Even now, now Phil know I'm a morning girl, okay, hit me in the morning 'cause at night I, You know, just wanna get in the bed, cut on and go to sleep.


But in the morning I'm ready to go. So it's just having conversations I feel like can really, You know, set you up for success. Just being vocal about your needs, need, like getting the help that you need. You know, everybody doesn't have a village. You might have to pay somebody to come fold your clothes. You might have to pay somebody to come cook for you. You might have to pay somebody to come wash the baby for you so you can have date night. You know, not everybody has a village. Not everybody has their grandma, grandpa or whatever to come help. So you just gotta figure out a way to make it work for you and be vocal and let him know. Like, it's not always gonna be like this, You know, I'm, I'm a mom, my body is going through all these changes.


They really don't know. They're clueless. So that would be my advice to this young lady. Yeah. 'cause it, You know, you don't want that mentality. I agree, Ashley. You don't want the mentality of it's a chore. You know what I mean? And, and unfortunately I, everyone has needs, but it does have to be communicated. Like, look, I'm just overwhelmed right now. I'm not into it. I mean, You know, we, we can, it's, it's better when you're mentally there anyway. You know, sex is better anyway like that. Don't nobody want nobody in starfish. Oh, cock rushing. Yeah. Dead. None of that stuff. Cockroach is insane. They don't want that. So, You know, I don't want that.


But you gotta, you gotta listen to your body though, for sure. And two children within a certain amount of time, as well as just being married for five years. It's a lot. You're still learning patterns, you're still learning all these things And you gotta give yourself grace. But have that sexy date night, You know what I mean? And just really, really have communication. It is key. 'cause no one can read your mind like, look, I'm just not in the mood. I'm overwhelmed. And then come up with some, come up with some solutions of how you can not be so overwhelmed and like divide some of those chores with your man or whatever, You know, with Yeah. I wouldn't suggest telling him that, that you're not in the mood for it because that, that leads to more problems.


I think the biggest thing, like y'all said, is definitely communication and figuring out ways to relieve the pressure, pressure off you so much as being a newborn mom, a a new mother to a newborn child. It's all about communication at the end of the, the day and figuring out ways to, to spice it back up. Because we become, like Ashley was saying, we do become insecure after just recently having a baby, like our body change. And it's hard to snap back into that, that rope a shape that you were before you had, You know, your child. So just figuring out ways.


What, what, what is the reason that's making me this? Maybe it's, it's my insecurities of how I look. Maybe it's, I'm too tired. Maybe it's, You know, my husband's not helping me. What is it? Finding a solution. Find a solution of what it is and y'all go from there. But girl, still figure out a way to spice it up for your man. Do do a little roll talk to have some fun. Yeah. And I, I like how Ashley too, like in the morning it can be other times, yeah, it might be in the middle of the day when a baby's taking a nap. You know, you gotta, it's different once you have babies, you got to rearrange things and figure things out.


Like kids change the whole dynamic. Okay. So y'all might have to get it in real quick while they look have, be rocking the room. Yeah, you gotta be, you gotta be real creative. Okay. It just, it is, you can get creative though. You being creative, but it is just creative. The season there, You know, this, this is, season time will pass and things will get better. You just, You know, have these conversations with your partner and You know, y'all just keep talking about it, be vocal about it, and hopefully y'all will end up having some good sex soon again.


And it, it'll happen. It'll happen. We gonna send, we gonna send them to you, them vibes. Thank you so much. Vibes. Yeah, yeah. Alright you guys, thank you so much for sending us your humble Betty's mail. If you have any questions, comments, advice, make sure you hit us up. Follow our Instagram Humble Baddies podcast. Subscribe to us on YouTube, humble Baddies podcast. Tell your family, tell your coworkers, y'all know where to find us. Yeah. Yes. All right, y'all, that is it for the Humble Baddies episode tonight.


Make sure y'all tune in, write us at contact@humblebadies.com. Yep. We love y'all. We'll see you next time. Thanks for tuning in. You could follow me at Ash three Nicole on Instagram at Ash Threescore Snapchat. What about y'all? I'm Sharelle Risto and Sharelle dot Rosado on Snapchat. I'm still just on Instagram at Alexis Meyer. Find a So no, only thing, no. Yeah, only thing that's coming soon for Lex and her feet. Lexi.


Sexy. My kids are gonna, they cringe. They're like, mom, your feet are on the ground. You know, we might get, thank you. Now you start pulling them, them dollars. All right y'all, thank y'all so much for tuning in. Go see y'all next time. Love you. Good night.


Hi, I'm Ruby, the remote receptionist who make small businesses feel like giants. We answer all your calls live from right here in the us. We take messages, answer questions, route calls, everything an in-house receptionist does over the phone only better because we specialize in turning every ring into a relationship. Experience Ruby for yourself. Visit ruby.com or better yet, call us eight four four four hundred Ruby.


Hey, Janice Torres here, and I'm Austin Hankins. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen To Mind the Business, small Business Success stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chumba casino.com. It's like having a mini social casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no Purchase necessary. VG W Group voit were prohibited by law 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Asking the right questions can greatly impact your future, especially when it comes to your finances. So if you're looking for a financial advisor, you can trust Certified financial planner professionals are committed to acting in your best interest. That's why it's gotta be a CFP. Find your CFP professional at, let's make a plan.org.