
This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Mary Kay McBrayer, host of the podcast, the greatest true crime stories ever told. This season explores women from the 19th century to now women who were murderers and scammers, but also women who were photojournalist, lawyers, writers, and more. This podcast tells more than just the brutal, gory details of horrific acts. I delve into the good, the bad, the difficult, and all the nuance I can find. Because these are the stories that we need to know to understand the intersection of society, justice, and the fascinating workings of the human psyche. Join me every week as I tell some of the most enthralling true crime stories about women who are not just victims, but heroes or villains, or often somewhere in between. Listen to the greatest true crime stories ever told on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I am Bob Pipman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, math and Magic Stories. From the Frontiers of marketing, I'm having conversations with some folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use. I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of Elf Beauty, Teang Amin, legendary singer-songwriter and philanthropist Jewel. Being a Rock star is very fun, but helping people is way more fun. And Damien Maldonado, CEO of American Financing, I figured Out the formula. I just have to work hard then That's magic. Join me as we uncover innovations in data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark, the magic. Listen to math and magic on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, our wherever you get your podcast.


Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skar. Sabine Renz Specter five. I'm Taylor Gray as a Bridger Specter Six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowe moderator. Each week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom Voices, Zar Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. So Hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I Hey guys, welcome back. We are here for another episode of the Humble Baddies podcast. I'm here Ashley Nicole And I got my girls with me. I'm And I'm Alexis Sodomy. We all, yes. What's up y'all? Happy hump day. We are back. It's Wednesday. Everybody good? What's everybody been up to? Charell, good to see you. I'm real talk real clear.


Yeah, your wifi is wifi in today. Okay. Are you still in the Motherlands? Well, I am. Okay. What's going on over there? I had two people go up under contract yesterday. Well, you still yesterday because it's one o'clock here. Okay. I mean, congratulations. And we stepping to the I need a bell. That's awesome. Love that. Well, I just came back from the beach, You know it spring break. So actually though there were like, it was very calm in South Beach, like there's no spring breakers in South Beach.


I was like, where are all the people at? So You know, they put out that commercial, like they didn't, they did not want spring breakers in South Beach. I love that. From South Beach. They now though. No, I was there before. They're not there before I left last week I was there And I get pulled over. So I have my front window headed, but I have a, a doctor's letter because I get headaches when the sun just shine right on me every time I get pulled over. So the police present, they pull you all over, get your veteran's tag and everything, everything. And I was like, sorry, you're with calm. Well anyways, I thought there was gonna be crazy crowds out there.


I thought it was gonna be girls going wild out there, but it's not. It was real calm and cool and collected. I heard all the spring breakers are in like Fort Lauderdale now. Probably would be, You know, they up North h but they probably up like Daytona Beach, like those other beaches. 'cause South Beach not having anymore. Yeah. And speaking of spring break, my babies are on spring break and it's actually been very quiet around the house because they are with their dad. So I'm low key having an adult spring break. You know, it's a lot between school work, all these things that the, the children are balancing too. And us parents who monitor their calendars and have to schlep 'em all over the place.


We need this break too as spring. As spring breakers, You know, the parents. But I have an extra spring break just because I get to have a quiet home. So like I'm living in paradise over here enjoying it, only cooking for one, a low key, You know, things like that. And it kind of can move when I wanna move. So I, I appreciate that. So shout out to the co-parent for, You know, holding it down over there while the boys are and the girl, You know, a raise in and out. But like the boys, he got the boys. So I'm having, I'm having a good time over here to, to have long time. I put, I set my kids on a cruise with they Oh I love that. Oh no.


But they came back sick. My, both my daughter and denim, they have the stomach virus. It's from the cruise. Oh man. That's the worst. Especially coming off of vacation. You wanna have a good time and not be worrying about that. None of that stuff. Yeah, I can't do it. I just finished my last lab guys in culinary school. Oh, congratulations. Thank you so much. So I'm like double celebrating. It is quiet. I'm taking care of business. Yeah. So when can we officially call you? Almost? I have an entrepreneurship class and then externship and a commercial kitchen.


And then you can call me chef. Let, okay, so dollar question is, when are you gonna cook? Oh no, you gonna always have some food. I'm always cooking. We coming for Shabbat? Yes. Thank you so much. Let's do that. I'm down. Since the house is empty, we'll come and fill it up. We'll come and fill our be. Thank you. My house is always open. Always, always, always. Well I wanna give a shout out to my mom, miss y because she is officially Dr. Yvette. I know that. Okay. OG Humble. Yeah, he just recently, actually yesterday I logged in and watched her defend her thesis.


She is getting her, she got her doctorate in I think like education. Some, some, some. I don't know. It don't matter. But she a doctor now. Okay. So Lisa address her as such. Period. So Dr. Mommy, I am so proud of this. I love you so much. And go you girl, you did your thing. So proud. Is she going around saying that too? Like, it dress me as, honestly, you can't call her nothing else, but I know that's right. That's it. Okay. She earned that. Yes, she did. That's what it's shout out to Dr. Harper. Yeah, shout out to Dr. Roberts. The original OG had humble of the day. Humble bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, well let's get into it.


Now that we done caught up and You know, I'm seeing everybody, everybody's good. Everybody's living and thriving. Let's get into the first topic. The first topic we have is Kylie Jenner Sparks reactions after calling herself the original batty in new photos. Did any of y'all see that herself? That's cute, but it's, it's a mess because Kylie now You know, girl, you are not the original daddy. Let's, you're so young to be the original. Anything. Exactly. I mean what, what was she referring to? Like, let's, let's break it down. Let's put out original. Original meaning like the, like original means.


Og first of all, put some respect on Kim. Yes. This is Ashley. 'cause if it wasn't for Kim it would be no cute. Like for real, like, like Kim Kardashian. If we talking about a og, she's the og. Like, so yeah. What is Kley talking about? I mean, she literally set the path for her and her sisters. Like she has to give credit where credit is due. Like, that's cute though. Like, I mean that's cute. You know, she wants to be pregnant. I wouldn't even say it's Kim. I was I was gonna say that too. Like let's really take it it up about card. Kim, the bad, the mom just set her up business, You know what I'm saying?


But she's really like the face of everything. She holds it down for like the family. Like at the end of the day, whenever it's anything like big in the tabloids or whatever, like it's Kim, it's not, it's not the mom that we're talking about. It's Kim that we're talking about. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Kim is the og, but that's cute Kylie, that's cute. You know, she, but let, let's give Kylie her, her flowers in her own way because she is a billionaire And you that she's just not the lip, she's not the original And we ain't even talking about the Kardashians. We talking about like, we have other people out there. We have what Lil Kim, we've got Rihanna, we have a whole plethora of other women that, that have been out there that are original bags before she even came to the picture.


So that was definitely a bold statement for her to caption. That is the original. But low key, let me just throw this out there too. Like my, our generation of the ladies or my kids for example, they know about Kim being married to Kanye and having the kids right? Where our children are more like looking at her because she's was a, a father of her children is Travis Scott and she has the lip kits, all these things and pretty much we saw her growing up. So she is basically, You know, Hollywood elite. She's part of this a America's first family, You know, in hindsight. So I, I see the evolution of her, but at the same time to call herself The Original Baddie, that's pretty high on the list.


Great confidence, You know. But You know, I, I wish her the best with that. I mean honestly I feel like she should, she should actually be a little bit more humble because like, like I said, I feel like her mom Mk like her sisters, she's the baby. She is the baby, You know, girl, you have people to learn from and people who, You know, ma made mistakes that you could learn from. You know what I mean? So I don't know that comes off really, really not a humble batty, but she a batty though. She a batty. She not a OG batty. And it did come off humble. But it's cute though.


I mean she did she, she ain't the original Betty. She a daddy, but she ain't the original. Let's get that straight. Let's put that out there. I love that though. That shout out to shout out to Kim though. Kim and Chris and the whole Kardashian clan for example. Yeah. Got it. Do y'all feel like, do y'all feel like she intentionally or was she throwing shade at someone to say, to make a post like that, to say the original bank? I mean what all these, these millions of followers. I'm sure she is top 10, right? I I mean I'm just can assume it's definitely gonna give a little topic of conversation, hence why we're talking about it now.


It's trending, it's all over the place. Especially because she's in the beauty space too, of influence and You know, she's known that her lip could sell out and she has, You know, her baby girl Stormy, wearing the hottest, You know, sneakers and the, the whole line of everything. So she is really just being out there. I feel like it's always a little bit of calculated, You know, energy behind it just for the marketing purposes as well as look at Mama and look at just how they have built everything. So of course it's a little bit of a little bit of poking at press and, and her followers and everything like that just for us to talk about it.


I mean it might be the original lip kit is coming out being resurfaced or whatever the case may be. And people, she also knows that people talk about her looks, her plastic surgery, her transformations and her ugly duckling stages and all these things. So I think she's kind of owning it and also just want us to talk about it. Maybe she meant of her generation, like her age group. Maybe she means she's the OG of her, You know, age group. I'm trying to figure out the OG part of it, right? I mean, You know, we gotta give her credit. She is a business woman. She is, like you said, she is like one of the most followed people on social media, You know?


I mean it is what it is. So I think there is like some truth behind what she's saying. It's just weird to say og. Oh no, I just feel like calling herself the original bad. It's like you ignoring all the women who paved the way before you. It's like, girl, you ain't the one. But she should be, she should be a humble daddy. So she should have put that out there. Humble, original Betty. Well see. Original should have never been in that caption baby because people did like spin it and really kind of started like talking stuff about original, but Well, what it was just like original. What? Original wear. Like what's original?


You know, first of all, pause. Why my mama just text me talking about she waiting on her. Shout out girl. You lost tell she gonna to hit replay. Okay. Tell her to rewind. Be original. See looking at the OG original humble batty Mama. Want her shout out. Listen my, I already shouted you out. Okay, Dr. Roberts, she shout out. I'm gonna shout you out again. Shout out to Dr. Roberts. She's a real humble batty. She's a real og. Well she's more of a blueprint batty, right? He that's what you were saying, right? Rel like the OGs and like think about the ones before you.


You have to think about the ones before you. Yeah, just batty copy. Not original Batty because you aint the original and that's that period. That's that. That's funny.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series. Cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter as Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing Herein. Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall. Hi, I'm Tia Skar. I'm Taylor Gray. And I'm John Lee Brody. But You may also know us as Harrison Doula Specter two Sabine Renz Specter five and Ezra Bridger Specter, six from Star Wars Rebels. Wait, I wasn't on Star Wars Rebels, am I in the right place? Absolutely. Each week we're going to rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and Share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom voices, za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. Sometimes we'll even have a lively debate and We'll have plenty of other fun surprises and trivia to Oh and Me. Well, I'm the lucky ghost crew Stowaway who gets to help moderate and guide the discussion each week. Kind of like how Canaan guided Ezra in the ways of the force. You see what I did there? Nicely done John. Thanks Tia. So hang on 'cause it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like be respectful or made outta the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when You're Invisible as part of the Mike Cultura podcast Network Available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


September, 1979. Virginia's top prison band, edge of Daybreak is about to record their debut album behind bars in just five hours. Okay, We're rolling. 1, 2, 3, 4. I'm Jamie Petris, music and culture writer. For the past five years I've been talking to the band's, three surviving members. They're out of prison now and in their seventies, their past behind them, but they also have some unfinished business Eyes Of love. The end of Daybreak Eyes of Love was supposed to have been followed up by another album. It's a story about the liberating power of music, the American justice system, and ultimately second chances. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Y'all. Yes, yes. Rel you got topic two for us. You wanna keep it moving or we, we, we, You know, how you feeling Sexy Red. And while she is the most hated rapper industry, she said hated, most, most hated female rap, most hated female rapper. She think she says that because she is getting criticized in regards to it. She did a podcast with big boys Neighborhood for an exclusive interview and she didn't hold back. Y'all, she addressed that. She received so much hate online. But I feel Like, You know, us as women, we dive into it because we all receive hate.


But she's take she's taking it too intentional and, and the thing about it, she has to understand. She is very talented. She makes music. People are tuned in just because you have that hate, you have more people supporting you. That's why you're on top. So sex rich have to remember like if they ain't talking, if you ain't got no head string popping, let 'em know. I feel like all rappers though, have made this statement at some point though. I feel like all rappers feel like everybody hates them. Everybody's against them. You know, like I feel like that's part of the rapper, like persona, Like, You know, fuck my haters type thing.


You know what I'm saying? Like ego, that cockiness that just, yeah. You know what I mean? And they be able to expect it. But if it goes harder, harder for females, like we, we get criticized more as, You know, as females and they're in that rapper category because it's predominantly male. She talk about things that a lot of people are not uncomfortable. A lot of people are not comfortable speaking on. I mean we did have Trina, Lil Kim all. Yeah, I think all the female rapper, whenever they like are on top and they're like speaking their mind and they're in their own lane, they all get like some sort of Like, You know, they get this big following of hate, but it's still a following.


You know what I mean? People are still following everything they do. Everything they say like, so I feel like haters are still, they're like low key. Like they, they, they still fuck with you. It is just, they don't know it yet. Interesting. It's interesting because, You know, sexy Red has definitely made a lane for herself. She is, I like, I feel she is very relatable to a lot of the young girls in the hood and like, and really just like that are trying to make it single mamas out there grinding, hustling for their kids and shout out to Missouri. You know, like that's the show me state, that's where we're known from. That's where I'm from. And we like to let people know who we are and, and really be ourselves.


And I feel like she is really just the epitome of like, I'm gonna have these babies. I'm gonna do this. I got a little bread, I'm gonna take care of home. I'm gonna talk my shit and I'm gonna be creative and be myself. Going back to seeing her at Roland Loud Live, the crowd was so engaged with her presence and her energy, she is top notch for, for me, like I was a believer at first I was like, okay, she's got a lot to talk about and You know who that's making me like Rel said a little uncomfortable, but she's expressing her creative side and she has a lane where she is very comfortable in and You know, I like to, to really give her her flowers in her way just because she was out there in her sneakers and really dancing, engaging with the audience and they loved it.


So I was asked, she has hits. I mean she's with, she's like, what Drake got a hit with her? So she's becoming mainstream and we're talking about her and I think she just represents the like, just a lot of what is America and what people and, and just really, You know, have come from the gutter and really have tried to make a name for themself. She represents that in so many ways and I hate that she feels that hate. But again, I feel like what Ashley, you said as far as You know, this is the rapper's persona. They all are very sensitive about their craft too, You know, at the end of the day. And I think she just has to stay, stay herself.


That's what has gotten her this far. And as long as she's not hurting anybody, like just do you, You know, I hate that she feels that way though, but it goes in ebbs and and ebbs and flows different. Yeah. Yeah, I agree. So I'm curious though. Yeah, that's true. Tell me, y'all top three female rappers, Sharelle go wait. Yeah, we have to, we have to change it up. I can't, I have, we have to do different eras. I see what you did there. Okay. Tell me just your top three who you're playing right now. It don't have to be top.


Like I can't compare my old, I can't compare my old school female rappers to my new school. So school. Okay. Tell me who you're playing right, right now though. Who you playing right now? Right now? Right now I got Nikki Top three right now. Currently. Yeah. I, Nicki Minaj, sexy Red. She, she got some here and Lotto. Okay, who you got? I have Nikki, I have Lotto And I have Glow. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Glow. Glow. No Glow. Glow was in there like woo. Ooh. Yeah.


Talk to me sis. Talk to me. Talk. Gimme that. Yeah. Yeah. Go with who I'm gonna go with. You already said Nicki Minaj. It's my top. Have y'all heard of Mona Leo? No. No. Hook her up. Were you working out Play that? Yeah. You have good taste of music. Ash play that and then Doci you saying? I was thinking her, she considered rapper. She considered, yeah, I like her float. That means Is Doja considered rapper too?


Yeah, I think so. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I just think the, I think the women are just doing now. What'd you say? What about old school? The Ill nine? Nah, You know that. Is it Missy Elliot, Missy and Lil Kim? Yeah, Lil Kim. Dang. I mean, oh that's our, that's our old school generation. 'cause we can even go back to like you have Queen Laulau Hill, MC White. The bra. The bra. Ooh. And that's another good one.


Rat. You taking me back? Yeah boo. Y'all. I wanna have an Atlanta party at my house where we play only like, well mostly like Atlanta. Let's do it. And we got dress like we gotta dress like two thousands Atlanta. So the like, like white tea jersey dress slouch stocks and like all the Atlanta rap music. I like that. Can't wait to do that. I'm gonna do that. Let's do that. Let's, let's do it. Y'all know y know Georgia is if that's me. So I'm gonna be ready Ashley. Okay. I love that.


I love that. What you got for Ash back. Oh go ahead. I feel like that back to sexy red in regards to, I feel like we don't support and ride for our female rappers like we should. Like I feel like people drop on the bandwagon and just push, but as much hate there should be as more celebration because she is paving away. Even though some people don't like the way she, what she talk about or what she rap about. But generations before spoke and talk about the same thing. You have your male rappers degrading women talking about stuff and people vibe to it.


But as soon as a female come and speak on it, it's like, oh she nasty. She like, don't nobody wanna hear that type of music, blah, blah blah blah blah. But she's making hits. Yeah, she's making hits. But I feel Like, You know, also this day and age, I feel like people are sensitive and it's always been pushback. It's always been like somebody who doesn't like what you are putting out, what you're doing, what you're saying, what you're wearing. Like it's always gonna be that. And we need to just be reinforcing like self love and like believing in yourself and not listening to what other people say and just going out there and doing your thing and stop putting so much energy into the haters.


Like it's always gonna people out be people out here who don't like what we're doing. It's people who don't like the Humble Baddies podcast and they all go to hell, but we still don't show up. That's, And we gotta do, You know what I'm saying? Like we don't need to give our energy into the people who are hating us. There are so many people that love us who are majority supporting us, who do love our music, who do love our podcasts, who do wanna hear what we have to say, who do You know, just enjoy whatever we are putting out into the world. And those are the people that we need to be speaking energy into and giving all of our, You know, energy to. So I feel Like, You know, it's always gonna be haters.


Agree, ignore the haters and keep you doing sexy red like we see you, you're being seen and keep doing what you're doing. But the good thing about it, the haters are the ones that keep you relevant because they're always on you. Yeah. If they not hating on you, you ain't doing it right. And shout out to Cardi B and Meg thee stallion too. I know we didn't mention them, but they are forces of their own. You know, I just, I really enjoy being very confident in my skin with the ladies. They are very much, they just, we just have fallen in love with these ladies and really much can feel empowered by them. So shout out to all the ladies, all the rappers that are doing their thing because you're necessary and needed.


For sure. Yeah. Alright y'all, so the next topic I would like to talk about is Nelly and Ashanti. So he recently did an interview where he mentioned that one of the reasons that he decided to marry Ashanti was so that she would not be a baby mama. So what do you guys think about that? Do you think that is, You know, is that him being a gentleman or do you think that's like, I don't know, a cop out or like what do you guys think about that? I think he, he really loves Ashanti and he genuinely married her because he loves her.


I think him, You know, her becoming pregnant Yes. Sped up the process, but he genuinely, genuinely, I can't, did I say it genuinely love, sorry. And, And I respect it like he and he has so much love for her that he don't want the public to call her his baby mama. Okay. So do you think there is something wrong with being called a baby mama? I think it's a stigma in our communities for that for sure. You know? 'cause I feel like in other communities it is partner or You know, significant other child, mother, mother, father of my child. You know, do the white people call they baby mama?


I think they do. 'cause we normalize it. Yeah. I ain't never heard no white man call his baby mama. I don't think so. That's what I'm saying. I don't, I asked somebody, I don't, I don't think so, but I mean, I think they say it and more so like this generation of, I don't have to be married to have a baby, You know what I'm saying? Or whatever the case may be. But I feel Like, You know, I kind of try to shy away from saying baby mama because low key, I'm nobody's baby mama. Like as much work as I put in as much soul and time that I put into these kids, I'm their mother. So you gonna respectfully put me on that pedestal and make sure everyone else is calling me that too.


So I feel like with Nelly, this is, he's showing us growth. He's showing us so many, like he, that he loves that he loves her. He's like, you're not gonna this woman that is carrying my child, I am now old enough. Yeah. You, you, that is my wife. She is the mother of my children and you're gonna address her as such. And I feel like that has to be put on a pedestal too because low key, you're not gonna always just get married after having a baby. Like people You know aren't using protection, you might turn around and not like the person the next week. It happens. It very much so, so well happens. So, You know, I feel like people, we gotta change the stigma of calling people baby mama, baby daddy.


But I feel like it comes from a heaviness or something that's going on between the relationship of the parents and not thinking about the child. Because I, I feel like you, we have to be very much healthy in our situations, in our homes really raising these kids and he's trying to do the right thing of now bringing this child up in a two parent household, which we know statistically is better and he's trying to do it right. So shout out to Nelly for that because we want, we want that. And I, And I respect Nelly, like she know that Ashanti is a icon. She is that girl. Like you're not about to, y'all not about to disrespect my wife.


This is who she is. She is my wife. Yeah. And the mother, we need more of this. We need more of people, men making their girls, their wives. Like we need more representation of this. You know, because a lot of times I feel like times every day we're seeing so and so is pregnant, so and so is having a baby. Yeah. So, You know, we don't see a lot of so and so's getting married. So I think that's important. Yeah, I agree. And we love, I'd rather have two healthy parents and two separate households than, You know, two parents and one under one roof of resentment. Like it's just not healthy at all.


So he's putting out that energy of look, this is what it is, we out here. I love it. I mean I, I'd rather be called a co-parent, a partner mother of my children here. Do you think when I, so I'm a, I'm gonna take it back and, and ask a, a question that will be very controversy if she was not pregnant, do you think he would've married her? I think so because You know, we it right, right then and there. Like right now I think so because that, that statement that he made was, I married her so she wouldn't be, that is why people are in a uproar. Like she wouldn't be labeled as a baby mama.


So I don't think the response should have been that because now it's making it look like, oh, he only married her so she wouldn't be labeled as a baby mama. I think, I think he did the right thing. Like it is just, we have to give credit where credit is due. And keep in mind they did date in the past. So this is almost like that saying of if you love something, let it go. If it comes back, it's yours. So they have history, You know, they have a history of they know each other. It's not like it was rushed. Like I just met her and now she pregnant, so let me lock it down because I'm grown now. No, it's really a sense of, You know what I'm not doing, I'm doing something different this time.


We have a child, we're building a legacy. This is, we're breaking generational curses and, and that energy of like not marrying the mother of our children. So he's trying to start a new legacy and really continue his musical legacy and really transform his, his really just his persona of now he's a family man and he can settle down and he can be focused on his family and doing everything for them. So low key, I feel like it was next, it should have been marriage, You know, maybe the baby, the baby got there a little bit before, but it should have been marriage anyway. If they bringing it back around And you don't want her to be with no one else. And y'all see the difference now between when y'all were younger seven or eight years ago to now when you're grown and make these sound decisions, it actually is better.


I'm glad they brought a baby up now later on than seven years ago. I'm so confused as to why people get in such a uproar about who's getting married or whatever or who's not. But it's okay to have a baby like, oh she's pregnant, marriage is like hard pregnant. You know what I mean? Like, it's just weird. Like why would you guys be okay with her just being pregnant and being a baby mama? Why, why is that more like acceptable and more like, less controversial than him actually wanting to make her his wife? I think people are in the uproar because of the statement he said, I didn't want her to be labeled as the baby mama.


So it's making people like dive in on, oh well you just married her because you got her pregnant. Yes, we know she had a previous relationship. They had a previous relationship. But why say, You know, I only married not I only, but I didn't, I don't want people to label her as my baby mama. That's why people are aren't well people are think caught up in, in these words and losing it. Like, y'all don't know that relationship and then y'all be so happy when they got back together. Why wouldn't y'all be happy that he's Exactly. It is like, it's always gonna be something. Love it. I I'm, I'm happy.


I love it. I love Ashanti and Nelly. Like they are a beautiful couple. I just don't like, he don't have to, I didn't like how I married her so she wouldn't be labeled as a baby mama. He didn't have to say that. Like, just marry her. It's a weird thing. Yeah, maybe he didn't mean it like that. But I will say like he, I was not married when I got pregnant And I didn't wanna be a baby mama. I didn't want nobody to call me a baby mama either. And I also felt like I did put pressure on Phil to, to propose to me once I was pregnant.


But ultimately he didn't care about that pressure at all. And looking back, I feel like, like I'm glad that I know that he didn't marry me just because I'm pregnant. So I feel like yeah, like making a statement like that does kind of like stale the whole engagement, You know what I mean? Like, you wanna be married to somebody 'cause they want to marry you 'cause they wanna spend the rest of their, their life with you, not because you're pregnant. And so I'm just saying like looking back like I'm glad like I got married because You know, we wanna be together forever. Not because I just happened to be pregnant.


So yeah, that's a weird statement to make. But You know, we supposed to be about our business and You know, wishing people well, especially people who are, You know, doing things positively, moving in a positive direction. You know, marriage is hard. It's not easy. So why pressure put that it's hard and it's not hard being pregnant and it's not hard have like having babies and toddlers and all these different stages either. So you want the help, You know, you, you, you want someone there for you, but it doesn't always work out that way. There there's this influx of women that just wanna be single mothers by choice. You know? They, they can if they just ready to have children and just really be a mother themselves.


So I just think we are just in this space of where we're kind of transitioning to. You could really do whatever you wanna do and there's so many labels out there now, so it's just like, I mean technically now I'm considered a single mom, You know, and that shit was not by choice. You know what I mean? It's just by default of divorce. So it's Like, You know, now I'm put in this category, but at the same time I still have the help of their, their father And I still am able to do the things I need to do. So like the stigma is changing I feel in that kind of way. And that's, would you guys have pressure? Do you, do you think like you would pressure a man into marrying you if you became pregnant?


Any one of y'all like, would you try to pressure fell into it and he was like, the fuck what you talking about? I get it's a baby in there and that's cool. I'm gonna be here. I'm the happy. Cool. But he like, I was Like, You know, I'm pregnant, let's go, let's get married. What you waiting on? Like he, he did not care. But I, You know, I was raised You think it's 'cause of you wanted that because of everyone else also of what they were gonna say because that's Well yeah, and like, that's just how I was raised. That's just how I was brought up. You know, I thought I was gonna go to hell like all kind of thing. You know what I like? Yeah.


Like okay, we can't bring, we shacking a shacking can't bring a baby in this world. We not married exactly the cow before the or. So I thought like my dad stopped talking to me. Like, I just was like, oh my God, like what am I doing? I done did the worst thing ever. You know what I mean? Like, so yeah, I did put a lot of pressure on Phil looking back. That's what I'm saying now. I feel like I'm glad that he wasn't moved by me saying like, let's get married because I'm pregnant. Because now I know he wanted to be with me, not because of the baby. Right. Because he looked me dead in my eye. 'cause you don't wanna force, you don't wanna force a man to marry you and be with you because you're pregnant, because now he marrying you for the wrong reasons.


Like, I want, if a man come to me and marry and marry me, I want you to marry me because you love me. Not because we brought a child in this world. Like, you love me, we're gonna grow together, we're gonna build together not Yeah, that's, that does start the energy off a little rocky for the nuptials. Yeah, I, I understand what what you're saying. I had three and a half babies before I got married that were out in the world thriving. So I was definitely baby mama. I was, You know, going to the, the arenas all around and You know, the name is not matching the last name of ev everything. So it got annoying and doctor's appointments and things like that. But I did feel that used to bother me.


Yeah, yeah. I'd be like, dang, that's the baby mama. There she go. Yeah. But You know, some states have come in law, marriage, you, I mean y'all were together for years before y'all, You know, solidified it. Some states, You know, acknowledge marriage and you're not, you don't have to do the, the paperwork just because of how many years you've been together and or under the same roof too. For sure. Arizona was not having it. My mama and daddy do not care about no common law marriage. Okay. My mama and daddy is common law is this household I common law y'all. And then it's down there. They know, they know that it's helpful.


It's helpful still. Mama was like, so what y'all gonna do? Okay. Like she was deadass, like so what's the plan? Yeah, okay. It's big responsibilities. It is, it is. Yeah. But do y'all think that marriage really changes the relationship or is it just paperwork? Like you feel like marriage can change a relationship? Because so many people have put out like what marriage supposed to be. Like, we go into a marriage And we like, oh, we supposed to change now that we're married, we supposed to do this. And it make, I feel like it makes the relationship more strict.


I just feel like the world has changed. What what married really is really is, and courts and especially America has scared people away from becoming married because, especially men, because the laws are in it. When you get a divorce, You know, oh, they worry about what, what if we don't make it work And we have to go through a divorce. All that I brought to the table, now I have to split it And I lose a lot of things because now that we are married And we have the outside coming into our marriage telling us what we should do once we separate. So it's, it's a lot, it's a lot to weigh on when you do get married, what you think about if it doesn't work, it's just, it's just a lot.


Yeah. Historically, you, we got married because we need a credit, You know, we need to get a job. We needed some extra income for the household. That's how, that's what marriage really started from back in the day was, You know, in order to have your own cars, things in your name, you had to get married. And so now it's turned into Like, You know, let me solidify this partnership, this relationship. And it's really became, now I feel like it's, it still was a business contract, but now it's become a business contract. Going back to what you said rel the prenups, the options of what these things are, which is very valid and very safe and very protective and very necessary.


But it does start to hinder when you have to add the paperwork of Like, You know, before we get married, let's talk about this because it is people, two people, two whole people are coming together and causing one union. And now there are separation of bills. There's one household, there's, You know, children, there's all kinds of things, these factors. So I feel like low key, I know we've had this discussion a little bit before of like, would you get married again or things like that. But like I'm starting to see the influx of like partnerships and like these long-term committed relationships where people are just still doing what they wanna do and whatever their marriage looks like to them is what it's gonna be.


Because at the end of the day, you gotta live with this person and if y'all decide to go in your own way, you just can keep it going without like paperwork or anything like that. So it's almost like what are the benefits of marriage, the outside of partnership, outside of, You know, business contracts, the piece of paper, those things like that, You know, it's just per person at this point. Yeah. What does that look like? It's a business contract. It is a legal issue, a legal document. Like I do think you should both have lawyers. I think you should protect yourself, but at the end of the day, like I still believe like marriage is something that you do under God.


Like, You know, you theory under God, this is an oath that you take under God. So Like, You know, you can protect yourself legally. Like if you wanna take the steps and make sure, like if you don't want her to get any of what you got And you don't want him, like there's ways that you can protect yourself and that's easy. I mean, it might not be the, the easiest conversation, but there's ways to protect yourself. And then everything else I think is, You know, you see guidance under God. Like you, you get marriage counseling, like before you get married. Like there's things and there's ways to like, that might help you see marriage differently.


You know what I mean? Like if you let all these outside worldly things stop you from seeing the greatness of what marriage can be, then yeah, it's not gonna work. But if we remember what, like what marriage is and what it's for, You know, what the foundation of marriage is, then I think there's a ch chance for it. And it might not seem so scary because you have the tools And you have everything that you need in place to give it a chance to seem to not come from a place of fear. Because I don't think that's what marriage should feel like. It shouldn't feel, You know, once you let all these worldly, it shouldn't feel like a, You know?


Right. So I mean it's just unfortunate that that's where we are. But I mean it's real. It's real. And that's why we need more like representation. We need more people talking about it. We need more men who are men married to have conversations with men aren't, and or You know, the men who do wanna be married. Like y'all need to get out here and like talk to the women and tell them Like, You know, just, we need to talk because I think there are people out here who still believe in bear, who still want it. They're just afraid. There it is coming from fear. I agree with you, Ashley, a place of fear and the unknown, but it, it's not easy.


You have to be ready. Two, willing and able participants for sure locked in. Do you all feel like if a man doesn't marry the mother of his, like someone, a woman that's pregnant, do you feel like he's not being responsible or vice versa? Like if a lady is Like, You know what we, we'll just keep it separate. I feel like if a man doesn't step up and take care of the responsibility of having a child and making sure the mother of that child is in a space that's not saying that he needs to like, take care of her, but if that's the mother of your child, like I do feel like there is some responsibility there and if he doesn't step up, then I, I would say he is irresponsible because bringing a child into this world changes everything.


Whether you're married or not, I don't think, I don't think you should marry a woman just because you bring a child in this world. I, like I said before, even when it comes to Nelly and Ashanti, I feel like before a child, before anything you, a man will know if he wants to marry that woman or not. Yeah, but does it make him less responsible? That's what she was saying, like Right. What doesn't take care of the kid and the mom in the situation then Yeah, I think it makes him less responsible. It's not about marriage, it's about the child. It's about making sure that they're being taken care of And you step up differently. You can't step up in the same way. You can't be, you can't move in the same way once you bring a child in, you might not get married, but you definitely gotta do more.


It is a difference. Just your, it's the responsibility of another human now not, it's not just like y'all are dating, it's not like you're just boyfriend and girlfriend even though you're not married. It is changes. Like it's, it's a big change. And I think to like act like it's a light. Like it's something light I think is, it's would be an act of irresponsibility. Understand. I get that. Okay. Okay. Well shout out. We need more, we need more of these husbands to speak on how happy happily they are in the marriage. They start recruiting more.


Yeah. More husbands and not babies. We love that. We love that No more.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter as Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing Herein. Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like be respectful or made out of the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when You're Invisible as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


September, 1979. Virginia's top prison band, edge of Daybreak is about to record their debut album behind bars in just five hours. Okay, We're rolling. 1, 2, 3, 4:00 AM Jamie Petris, music and culture writer. For the past five years, I've been talking to the band's. Three surviving members. They're out of prison now and in their seventies, their past behind them, but they also have some unfinished business eyes Of The end to day break. Eyes of Love was supposed to have been followed up by another Apple. It's a story about the liberating power of music, the American justice system, and ultimately second chances. Listen to Soul incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Sometimes as dads I think we're too hard on ourselves. We get down on ourselves on not being able to, You know, we're the providers, but we also have to learn to take care of ourselves. Ara away you gotta pray for yourself as well as for everybody else, but never forget yourself. Self-love made me a better dad because I realized my worth Never stop being a dad. That's dedication. Find out more@fatherhood.gov brought to you by the US Department of Health and Human Services and the ad council.


And y'all, did y'all see what was going on with Jess? Hilarious and LaRosa on the Breakfast Club? Yes. Did I I did not like seeing that. I didn't love it either. It wasn't, it wasn't great. But at the same time, it is a platform of voicing your opinion. It very much is Like, You know, you have two masculine energies of, You know, Charlemagne and DJ Envy And we known them as speaking their mind. And here you have two ladies that are almost low key where get bent, almost pitted against each other. And it was, I'm sure You know, Jess is very much outspoken, obviously that's why she's sitting in that chair.


Yeah. That's the reason why she's there. You know what I'm saying? Same with, You know, LaRosa, same thing. You know what I mean? They're both are in, in their own right. Just very much deserving of being there. It was very heartbreaking to see them really kind of going at it, but then they were very honest. I mean I obviously, we need to understand why there is this energy in that small space. You know, I personally don't listen to them on the radio. I can't remember the last time I was listening to any talk on the radio. It's now streaming. So now we're able to see their reactions. We're able to, in real time, like really like understand what they're going through and she's just coming off of having a baby.


This is like off of maternity leave. So I don't know how I would feel like if I was out of the loop, You know, healing myself and bringing this new life into the world and then showing up to my job And you, you're replaced. Of course my energy and my hormones gonna be heightened and I'm gonna feel some kind of way because now things have kept it moving, which they should, but at the same time I'm gonna feel like I'm, You know, replaceable. Especially when you feel like you were irreplaceable. Yeah, exactly. I, I feel like it first I feel like they should have never had the conversation live. I feel like they should have spoke and, and talked it out. It was a, I felt like it was a lot of miscommunication with them.


Of course. You know, it can be like, okay, this was mine And I had this platform, but now I, you're not hearing what I'm saying. I felt like it was just too much communication And I felt like they both had good intentions, but no one was there to help them intervene and, and speak quiet. Like mediate a little bit clear the air mediate. Correct. Interesting. Right. I think, You know, the way that Angela Ye left from the Breakfast Club, I think kind of just should have known the environment that it might be.


So it's Like, You know, she left for maternity leave or whatever and they, well first they did this big rollout for Jess. It was like this big thing. Like, she's coming on. You're right. Yeah, I remember that. They did all these interviews and like, yeah, it was, it was so big like that. Everybody was so excited. Everybody was so happy. Like Charlamagne, DJ Envy was just like, everybody was like, it was good. Right. Then she's pregnant, she has to go to maternity leave or whatever, and then she, they, they bring in, what's her name? Lauren LaRosa, like that's her last name. Lauren LaRosa Yeah.


So they bring her in and it's like, okay, cool. But like did y'all talk to Jess about it? Like, did y'all fully She know, she knew because Jess, Jess vouched for her. Right? I know. But then they said like she was only supposed to be doing her segment. Right. And so I feel like something was lost in communication with when she was coming back, how that transition was gonna be. Like, that should have all been laid out. And clearly it wasn't. And like you said, Lex, like when you're pregnant, just had a baby. Like your ho hormones are all over the place. And I, that environment probably is like a male dominant space.


Like there's probably nobody speaking up for Justin that way while she's gone. You know what I mean? And I think it's just kind of unfortunate that she would have to come back and have to deal with that and have to like, speak up for herself. But You know, she's not like a corporate person. Yeah. So of course she's done someone and she's on the radio platform. She's a personality. Yeah. She gotta say out, You know what I mean? In the way that she did it. So it's like we can't get mad at her for, You know, like speaking her mind in the way that she does because that's where, that's how she got to where she is. And then, but it's unfortunate that it's like these two black women on this black podcast, this huge radio and then to DJ Wendy and Charlamagne, I feel like they just sit in back, kind of like watching them kind to have this back and forth.


You know? I feel like they, they didn't really like pick sides or anything, but they didn't really help the situation either. Yeah. And I ain't like that at all. And I feel Like, You know, seeing, You know, Angela Lee, Angela y leave, You know, I can kind of see why too. And I think Jess said that. 'cause it's like, y'all just sitting here letting this happen. Y'all not speaking up for I see. Show it whatsoever. What are we doing? That's tough. I just, I just want them to win. They're both amazing hosts. They're, they're both beautiful women. They do great in their industry's. And us as black women, we should come together and show that we can work together without taking over each other's spotlight.


Like, and those two men, they need to be there to support them, to help them, to keep them shy. Not throwing rocks, trying to, oh, You know, cause confusion. Not saying that they are, but as us as black women, we have to learn to work together. We have to stick together and not put it, if we're going through things the world shouldn't know about it. Like, let's have a conversation. Let's talk it out. Let's figure it out and, and be better at it. That's what I need. We, we tired, we're exhausted. It gets exhausting. And You know, we can say this being black women, like we saying, You know how that term is, we gonna sit this one out because we are always graceful.


We are always trying to stand up for ourselves. We are always trying to be the, the, You know, the bigger person. And You know, it gets draining and very tiring. You know, we are, we are tired, we tired, we added, You know, we're just exhausted from trying to overextend ourselves. Really be the saviors, You know, it is just, I wish she just had a little bit more support. Exactly. And that's all it is. Support and communication. Let's figure this shit out. Let's show the world that we can work together as black women and kill it. Do you think it was a little calculating because it was like, we are watching it, we're talking about it, there's views, there's, it's trending.


And then to turn around like almost a couple days later, LaRosa, she ended up announcing her new show her, or You know, her new platform. So what do y'all think about that? I don't think it was calculated. I think, You know, Jess was trying to express herself and she just had enough. She went live and because she went live, they went the next day, they addressed it and it, it, You know, everything just happened. It's good that they have a platform, it won't happen. Right? Yeah. And, and You know, the guys don't eat it up. They gonna tear it up and talk about it. Let's talk about it live right now. Yeah. So I understand that you got humble Batty Mail Flores.


It's about that time. It's about that time. It's you got, you got it. So I can't wait for this one. Really Got, okay. Hey, so I need, I need y'all under bed. It doesn't say where it's coming from. It's coming from, I need y'all honest opinion because I'm really stuck on this one. I've been dating this guy for over a year and a half And we finally planned our first vacation together, which is a Royal Caribbean C Okay. He said ain't what's the other one? Carnival. Carnival? At least it ain't Carnival girl.


I was super excited, but then he hit me with the you are paying for your half, right. Fuck. He wasn't joking. Now I get that we're in the modern world and all, but I kind of feel like if a man is taking me on vacation, he should be covering it. Especially if he's the first to act and it's our first trip together. Am I being unrealistic or is he just giving up, giving broke boy broke y'all do, would you happily split the bill or is this a red flag for how he handles relationships in general? Please. Well, I'm gonna go ahead and say this as a avid traveler, I mean, all three of us are avid travelers, right?


If I'm with this guy after a year and a half, he knows how I move. He knows how I eat, he knows how I dine and, and, and really take how I fly. How You know how you move. So a year and a half and y'all talking about vacation, you're going on a cruise. And these cruises are very expensive. They're time consuming, but they're fun. It's a very intimate setting. But a year and a half, you should know what time it is. And I feel like if you invested that time in this person, you can invest in their space. Especially because you are not in two separate estate rooms. You know, you are in, you're sharing one bed in one cabin.


So cruises are meant for you to really not go to sleep. So you're with this person all the time. You're doing excursions, you're doing, you're eating, you're, you're wine tasting, whatever you wanna do. So obviously if you wanna spend time with this person after a a year and a half of getting to know them best believe you shouldn't be fitting the bill for this. I mean, if you can't afford not to be there, you shouldn't be gone. But sis I think he needs to take care of it. I know one thing with me, even just dating and courting and things like that, I feel like the men that approach me or know who I am, know that I'm well traveled and there's a way that I travel.


And that doesn't have to necessarily be first class or things like that, but there's gonna be things that I wanna do. I like getting massages. I like a view of the ocean. I like these things. And if this man is intentional about being with somebody, they should be investing in you. Exactly. As a man. If you ask, I feel like I'm somewhere, you better pay. You gotta pay for it. Why am I paying 50%? I feel like the men, I feel like the men are gonna say it's a test. Yeah, well, a year and a half test. I don't know. No, I, I don't know. I feel like men are all about like trying to see, I don't know, like is she a gold digger or that type shit?


I don't, I feel like the ones that have it or not, not having, they're not saying that. You know what I mean? Well he might, he might not have it to like splurge like that. But then that's why I think there should be like a conversation. Like I feel like it's like, okay, what if he doesn't have it like that? But he really likes you. He really wants to go on this vacation with you, but he can't afford your part. Then he, he could find a nice way to be like, Hey, can we, I don't see nothing wrong with that. One thing about Ms. Cooper is you gotta put a, you gotta put a deposit down before you even step foot on that boat baby. They are not checking you in unless everything is cleared. I know, that's why I'm saying it's, that's why I'm saying he may not have it, but I feel like it's okay.


Like it's long as it, it's not okays. It's very irresponsible. 'cause if you don't have the it is because if you don't have the money, then why are you asking to go on a cruise? You need to get your priorities together. Before we go on, you gotta pay my wifi, wifi and that can be a conversation and that could be a conversation. But I'm just saying like, I'm just trying to think about it from, okay, y'all are some bougie bitches. Okay. I'm trying to think about it. Trying to think about it, You know, in a different way. Okay, so I'm just saying like, he might not be as well traveled as you Lex he, he asked you no Sharelle.


I'm just thinking for the other people I know you let finish, finish Sharelle. I I'll let him finish. Listen, I'm just saying not you being shy. No, you not going. I talk about you if, if a man ask you to put not me, I'm not saying the majority, I'm not talking about us. I'm not talking about the bougie humble Bettys. It ain't even about being bougie. Standard boundaries. It's as a man, if you are asking me to come on a trip, you need to paint. It. Ain't no fucking testing. We're not testing, not after a year and a half. I'm not testing nothing. No, exactly. No, we go together and been together.


But what were you saying Ash? No, can't hear you. Ash can't hear. I hear you. She didn't, she she got she. Yeah, yeah. Yes. What you saying boo? Okay. Button. I'd be pushing. Okay, sorry. What if he's not like a well traveled person and neither is she? And this is like them trying to, You know, explore that option. And he doesn't know the etiquette of like, okay, if I wanna go on a vacation with a lady, I need to make sure I have the funds. You know what I'm saying? So I don't, I'm trying to answer this lady in a way. I'm not trying to ruin their relationship 'cause we don't know, You know what I'm saying?


Like, we don't know where they're, where they are in their financials. Of course we don't know where they are in their, their relationship. So I'm just saying, okay, they wanna go, he wants, he obviously wants to go on a trip with this lady on a cruise or whatever and he's like, okay, I'm gonna go, but can you pay your way? I don't think she should be like, ah, fuck this man. He can't even pay the bank for me. I ain't gonna stop to him. It's not like I don't think so that's why I'm the excursion. So that's why, that's why I'm saying there's a conversation that could be had And you can let him know, like, I feel Like, You know, you are asking me to go on this vacation together, then I think this is something that you should be taken care of or whatever.


Like, and then we can go from there and figure out the conversation. I'm trying to help out what's the lady name, what is anonymous? I that's how embarrassed. That's how anonymous. Embarrassing. Okay, but some people are not there yet. I'd agree with you Ashley. They're learning. They should not be going go and do a staycation. I don't think the answer to our humble bad email should be like Uhuh. Absolutely not. You think it like, no, like let felt like, okay, no, this shouldn't, I I I don't think you should go on this trip and pay for yourself, but it should be a con. 100% should be a conversation. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, I'm gonna speak for myself and speak for you because I want you to understand how we would deal with this situation.


All three of us on this platform. If he cannot pay your bill, your portion and he have asked you, y'all don't need to be going the criminal trip because guess what? When you go on that cruise, you, you gotta pay for everything. Everything. He don't everything. No, it's not worth it. It's not worth it. Let's have a conversation. Let's have a convers speak for yourself. Don't speak for me, speak for you and let then let's have a conversation. I don't agree. I feel like everybody hold on. Ashley, you done said you done set your point. Let talk, but you was trying to speak for me. I can't speak for y'all. I know. Lemme have a conversation and say you're, we're not ready to plan.


Let's like you do, figure it out. And once you have it figured out, then you can plan us a trip. But I'm not spending 50% and when you invited me on a trip, you need to have it together. Wait or you can stay at home. That's, it's cheaper to stay at home. If you cannot afford it, you should not be gone because then it's gonna be other things that are gonna come from that. You, you're gonna have some, some, some issues. Some I you don't, You know, I don't wanna do this. It's like pulling out your, your card every other time or like trying to keep checks and balance. It's very expensive. It's time consuming. And if you cannot afford it, then I feel like you guys should not go plain and simple.


Exactly. Yeah. That's how it is. Figure it out. Get your stuff together. When you got your stuff together, me as a woman, I, you're a man. I want you to be able to be a man. I shouldn't have to percent on a trip that you asked me to go on. So once we figure this out, then we can come back and have that conversation about what we do going on this crew, on this royal crew. Yeah, because you look, you think about it, you're using your vacation hours, your vacation days from your, your, your job. Like all these things, you want some souvenirs, you wanna upgrade, you wanna go to Paris selling, you wanna do, you wanna do this version?


I mean, you wanna have all, you wanna have everything. It's vacation a year and a half. Like that's my thing. A year and a half they've been together. So there we go. Those better Now are those some gummies? Look at Ashley ain't hearing that. She's talking about some let's have a conversation and talk it out. Now. I ain't trying to ruin nobody relationship about, it's just about that. It's just they, I don't think they can afford it. Like it's gonna cause more, it obviously it's something because she's asking us And we are giving our opinions on it. And if a man is courting you, y'all been together for a year and a half and he said Like, You know, let's, let's go on this vacation.


Y'all doing this and he's inviting her And I feel like, and then you gonna turn around and be like, but you gotta gimme half. What if she's like, I can't afford that half, so we don't need to be going. And then Now you been locked in on something and now y'all feeling some kind of weight because Now you gotta get a flight. You gotta, You know, make sure you got a hotel the night before. All these things. It's a lot. Yes, every spot you gotta pay for the wifi. The wifi, yes. The everything. I mean, I don't know, I I don't see it in, I don't think it's not bad like y'all see it.


Well at least the one liner over the other one because look, look, he can't even, he ain't even getting the all you can drink package. Yeah, y'all gonna be drinking water. That's gonna cause more issues because they be like, well what, what did they have? What kind of wristband is that? Or why do they have this? You know, you wanna do it right, you wanna do it right. That's it. But anyway, yeah. Thank y'all so much for submitting Humble bat email to us. We are ecstatic to get your questions, concerns, comments, And we gonna let y'all know what it is. So thank you all for tuning into us ladies.


Where can they catch you all? You can find me at Sharelle Reto on Instagram and on Snapchat. Sherell Rosato. I'm Ash Nicole on Instagram at Ash three Nicole And I'm on Instagram still and only and at Alexis Meyer. And send those questions and comments to at contact at Humble Baddies dot com. You got it right. Get the consistent with it, You know what I'm saying? Thank you all for joining us tonight. Thank y'all.


Bye.


This Is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled in the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes, but don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing Herein. Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Mary Kay McBrayer, host of the podcast, the greatest true crime stories ever told. This season explores women from the 19th century to now women who were murderers and scammers, but also women who were photojournalist, lawyers, writers, and more. This podcast tells more than just the brutal, gory details of horrific acts. I delve into the good, the bad, the difficult, and all the nuance I can find because these are the stories that we need to know to understand the intersection of society, justice, and the fascinating workings of the human psyche. Join me every week as I tell some of the most enthralling true crime stories about women who are not just victims, but heroes or villains, or often somewhere in between. Listen to the greatest true crime stories ever told on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Podcast.


Hi, I am Bob Pitman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, math and Magic Stories. From the frontiers of marketing. I'm having conversations with some folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use. I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of Elf Beauty to Amin, legendary singer songwriter and philanthropist Jewel. Being A rockstar is very fun, but helping people is way more fun. And Damien Maldonado, CEO of American Financing, I figured Out the formula. I just have to work hard than that's Magic. Join me as we uncover innovations in data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark, the magic. Listen to math and magic on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey y'all, it's your girl Cheeky and I'm back with a brand new season of your favorite podcast, cheeky and Chill. I'll be sharing even more personal stories with you guys and as always, you'll get my exclusive take on topics like Love, personal Growth, health, family ties and more. And don't forget, I'll also be dishing out my best advice to you on episodes of Dear Cheeky, it's going to be an exciting year And I hope that you can join me. Listen to Cheeky and Chill season four on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.