
At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than just a car. It's the two door coop that was there for your first drive, the hatchback that took you cross country and back. And the minivan that tackles the weekly carpool for the cars you couldn't live without. Trust. Amica Auto Insurance. Amica Empathy is our best policy.


Wanna pull off the season's? Freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where Designer Shoe Warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers, obsessed with the sheer trend. Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho, comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.


Hello, It is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, You know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG w Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Asking the right questions can greatly impact your future, especially when it comes to your finances. So if you're looking for a financial advisor, you can trust certified financial planner professionals are committed to acting in your best interest. That's why it's gotta be a CFP. Find your ccfp professional at let's make a plan.org.


I get We move on to the next topic. 'cause y'all stressing me out. Okay, y'all stressing me out. What's next? I done lost my spot, Elliot, as y'all ash, like, oh Lord, I'm stressed. I am stressed. I mean, I don't know. Whatever. What's the next topic? What, where, where we at? Well, now, now, since You know, I talked about my tour, the question is, shoot, women date multiple men at once.


Yes. Yes. A hundred percent. Yes. I'm scared to answer. I'm gonna say this. Let me, let me speak on this. Yes. Speak, speak sexy Lex. Oh, you gonna put that, that you, you added that one on there. Okay. All right. Yes, they should. The reason why I'm saying this until he says, and y'all say we are together, we are committed. I don't wanna see you with anybody else, And you shouldn't see anybody else until then. You are single. You are not committed.


And you're very much single and according to the government until you have a paper certificate that says you're married. So until there's a committed, a verbal, committed, You know, conversation of we are together. This is what our relationship looks like, meaning we do not seek other people, we do not date other people or whatever it looks like. Until you have that conversation, conversation, you are free to be liberated and to understand who you are. Meaning I disagree, Luke. Date them all. So you, so if I'm, if I'm engaged in a relationship, we have a child. I didn't say engaged. I said, if you have a committed relationship, then you Okay.


If you're not, until you have that conversation, be free like the bird. Be free, like Lady Liberty in New York. Be free. Okay. I, I do what you gotta say about this. I do. So I do believe, I feel like it's okay for women to date multiple men at once. Yes. You don't have to sleep with every one of them. Thank you. You can have one that's, You know, that lay lays it down, but you can, it's okay to, but then again, it's hard because you get emotionally attached to that one who lays it down And you get blindsided and foggy And you miss out on the good things that the other men can't provide and experience because you're sexually attached to that one.


That leaves the pipe down to Mr. Plum over there. The whole point is to date, date means to sexual. So, I, so my, my thing is, if you're gonna date multiple men, multiple men, I wouldn't have sex with any of them until you pick out one that you like. I'm not condoning multiple partners, I'm just No, I know, I know that. Yeah. I'm, I'm definitely condoning, like dating different men, just experiences types. And I want the ladies to choose, You know, I just feel like I'm an advocate for us to, to to, to let them court us, to let them see what they are gonna show us. And for them to the bee, to come to the flower. I'm very a proponent of that.


I teach my boys this to court women and to show them who you are. And I, And I expect my daughters to be Like, You know what, let me see what's going on. I encourage dating them all, date them all have fun and be very much like Sharelle said, You know, not sexual with everybody. Because I believe in sexual energy. I believe in soul ties. I believe in all that exchange. But at the same time, I do believe in going out to eat, going to have a coffee, having guy friends playing out. Yeah. Just understanding how men think and, and who you like, who do you like? That's what it really boils down to. Who do I like?


Who do I really can be a friend with? Who can I laugh with? Who can I spend time with? Who can I cry with? Who's gonna come and help me feel better if I'm sick? That's what I want you to understand. You know, I want you to understand what that is. So yes, dig them all. Have, there's so many things. Well, I have been with the same person for a long time, but if I may please answer this question anyway. Please. I've only had one married woman according to Ms. Sharon. Not boys.


I think that women should also date multiple men. I don't think they should have sex with all of them, like y'all said. But yeah, I mean, I feel like you should definitely get out there, see what you like, like you said, Alexis, And I don't know, I think for me though, it would be hard if I knew I was trying to find like, the one, I don't think I could continue to date multiple people. Like, I think I would, You know, it's, I, I I don't normally like, like a lot of people at once, You know, I'm not that type of person. It's, it's like once you find that one person, it's like I'm obsessed about that one person.


So it'll be hard for me to like, give somebody else some attention because I'm gonna be so worried and focused about what he doing, where he at, where he Like, You know what I mean? Jewelry. Otherwise I don't really like you like that. Like, if I don't, if I'm not immediately like, obsessed with you, then I probably don't even really like you like that, You know what I'm saying? But if I, if I meet somebody and then I meet somebody else and I'm interested in him, I mean, like, I really, I mean, that means I'm just bored, You know? And I'm just filling up time. I'm just occupying myself. I'm not really interested. It's just, you caught my attention for a second, You know what I'm saying? I feel like I'm, I'm kind of an obsessive person. And also like, I kind of, I be knowing.


I mean, that's what, how it was when I met Phil. Like, I met him one time, well, the second time I actually met him, we was obsessed with each other. And, but I can only speak on my little, one little thing. So I'm gonna be quiet 'cause Sharelle over here giving me faces and stuff, and I'm already stressed out. You've seen, you've seen your friends ass, you've seen, that's all I got, Mary. That's all I got separated. Not one time. You've seen, you've seen her friend, you've seen our, you've seen your friends go through some, all the Yes. Actually, You know that we've been through all of them. I tell You know that we've been through some shit. So you, you want us And you want us to get out there. You want us to, You know, see if the grass is greener.


You want us to, you encourage us to, to date and understand what it is we do. You, you've been very supportive in that. I, You know, I'm the matchmaker. I be trying to set y all up and do the most, You know what I'm saying? I'm here for it. Like, I ain't single. I ain't gonna be single. I'm living through y'all. So like, I'm, I'm here for it all actually, Ashley, ready? Just set me up on a date. I am. I can't wait. Like, hello, everybody every day. Somebody like, are they back together? What they got going? I, I got a couple of those too, by the way. Let me, You know, a couple too. I got a, I got a couple. I'm here. I got a couple that wanna know. But if y'all gonna be a asking me these questions, I can only speak on my little, one little situation.


But wish we adore, by the way. And we had my, we love it. No, that's, no, that's no shame. We love it. And, and You know, still is our brother. That's right. 7 0 6. Oh, we have to beat down south. We from the same hometown. He know how to treat his woman. Exactly. That's why they sitting married to this day. You know how to gimme two because Ashley a Georgia girl. Yeah. Y'all, y'all are. Oh, but I be wanting to have my little input too. You know, I be having it hypothetically. So, You know, we be giving you hail ash, but she also knows us too. Sharelle. She know we love her girls.


She know we wanna be with one person. Like, it's just, You know, it just don't align sometimes. No, I'm here for it. Y'all need to, y'all need to be, y'all need to be dating more. Like, thank you. As far as I'm concerned. I need, I need to shut, I need to start dating. Yeah. What you on have, have fun. You be a friend. That's the lady. Because I'm just having friend. That's fine. I'm, I'm the matchmaker. I'm gonna set it up so when I call you And I say, Hey, I got a date for you. I don't wanna hear nothing. I just like, nothing. Nothing.


I, y'all should, y'all should do a speed dating permit. Yeah, we gonna do, we do for both of y'all. We gonna set it up. It, it's just you. And then, and then Ash has like 20 guys. Yeah. If men wanna take my girls out on a date, if y'all wanna do speed date and hit me in the dm, I'm shocked. Hit me in the dm. So we gonna set it up because I really, we need to get this going because y'all playing with me. You trying to lock us down or are you trying to, what is the No, it's just dating. We just finna get y'all, y'all need to get y'all feet wet, You know what I'm saying? Y'all need to get out here. At least Rell ll need to get her feet wet. Lex, You know, we just wanna, you, you can lead the way. All right. And, And I'm the matchmaker. You know, you looking like you in a relationship.


What you got going on over there? Look like I'm in a relationship. Look like same facial fresh is like, I can't, I can't be involved in that. That is too much. Very much. Okay. But I'm very much a committed lady too. So if I'm locked in, I'm locked in. Are are you locked in? No, I'm, I'm very much single. Okay. Say about to get interesting what you mean about to it's, yeah.


I'm not fooling with y'all. I swear. Oh my goodness. Oh boy. This is y'all too. Okay, what's next? I don't know. Ashley said, I'm gonna get y'all together. Let's move on. Okay. Is it humble bat's meal time is what? No, it's not, it's not. We gotta talk about Benny Blanco. He just gave men the print to making women happy. Tell I love Benny. I'm a fan. Go ahead. No, you go. Tell us about it. I haven't seen the blueprint. You haven't? Oh, you haven't seen the blueprint? Lemme tell you something.


I, You know, it's, it's a, it's a beautiful thing when men have awareness of their partner. You know, I think it's, it's just needs to be commended. It needs to be elevated, it needs to be highlighted. And so I'm a fan of Benny after he went on a podcast talking with his soon to be wife. And I just love how he's Like, You know, I know what she needs. I know what it takes for her to be her best self. So if it's me spending, because I, he's a music producer, so if he's in the studio a long time, he's like, Hey babe, You know, I know you expecting me at such and such time.


I mean, I'm just making this up this scenario guys. But if I expect you here at this time, hey, I am a little late. I know that's what she needs for her mental health, for her awareness. And I think it's dope. You know, and he's very much being adamant and very outspoken on this, this topic about really supporting his spouse and doing whatever it need. He needs to be his best, the best, whatever he needs to be for his best self, for her, for her to be her best self. And I think that's the ultimate, the ultimate goal for everybody. So I like Benny. So shout out to Benny for that. What do y'all think about, about the situation in general?


Anything? I don't think what the blueprint is. Yeah. I don't know what it is. So he wrote the blueprint. He wrote talking about it. He's just a like, let me let, I'll, I'll, I'll read a little bit. In recent viral podcast, he's a producer, Benny Blanco drop some serious relationship wisdom and honesty to take notes. In this episode title, how Benny taught me to Trust, again, Benny revealed that be, before getting together with Selena, he made a list. Yes, an actual list with his therapist, which was also a, a big deal. 'cause he's talking to his therapist about a potential partner, the qualities he wanted in a future partner.


And this wasn't just about manifesting, it's about emotional growth. So in today's dating culture where ghosting is the norm, he, it's like, don't you feel it? Like it's refreshing that a man is willing to like, communicate and willing to just give you a, a peace of mind, a sense of Like, You know what, this is who I am. I want you to be your best self. So I feel like he is advocating for not just the couples being very much, You know, anchored in awareness, but it's just very much the men stepping up and saying, You know what? I wanna help this lady be my, my partner. I want her to be the best self. So that's what it was to me that I gravitated to the most.


At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than just a car or a house. It's the four wheels that get you where you're going, and the four walls that welcome you home. When you combine auto and home insurance with Amica, we'll help protect it all. And the more you cover, the more you can save Amica. Empathy is our best policy.


Let's be honest, most of us have a love hate relationship with wired bras. We love the lift, but hate the digging. We love the support, but hate feeling trapped. Well, nix just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body, not against it. Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from V-Neck to dresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for everybody. Experience the first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nicks.com for 15% off your order with free flex 15. That's KNI x.com. Code free Flex 15 for 15% off nicks.com.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like, are you a fist pumper, a woo-hoo, a hand clap, or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG w group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms And conditions apply.


Asking the right questions can greatly impact your future, especially when it comes to your finances. So if you're looking for a financial advisor, you can trust certified financial planner professionals are committed to acting in your best interest. That's why it's gotta be a CFP. Find your CFP professional at let's make a plan.org.


Well, I think that's great that we have some, a man finally speaking positively on, You know, how to treat a woman in a relationship. How to support a woman, You know, because I feel like we don't have a lot of that. We don't have a lot. I mean, it's a lot of negativity, A lot of the whole 50 50 conversation. It's a lot of that. So it's, it feels good to like have this conversation. And I'm sure like men look up to him 'cause he is in like the music world. So he has an audience, You know, where it will be received, hopefully, hopefully it's a domino effect. Like, You know, he put it out there now more men, You know, jump on that bandwagon.


Something that we want them to jump on. So shout out to our humble daddy, Benny. Yeah. Yes. Do you, do you all feel like therapy should be like a, almost a non-negotiable when you're dating someone? Or do you feel like it's later on? Like when you guys are like in locked in and like a, like together therapy or like separate, like each person, therapy people. I feel like therapy can be communication between the both of you guys. That's therapy to me. Like, You know, you're understanding what each other want. You're laying your boundaries out there. You're laying what you expect, what you don't, don't expect, and you're, you're, you're learning each other.


That's therapy. I just feel like we overlook a lot of those things. Not understanding and talking about the boundaries. We just go straight into it. We have the butterflies and we're, You know, we're having all the fun things, but we don't sit down and have that serious conversation of what pisses you off, what you like, what you don't Like, You know, what are your coping mechanisms? What, recognizing if those are good, if those are good coping mechanisms or not. Like just having those type of serious conversations that that's therapy. But going into a act, going to see a actual therapist, just going in the, in the beginning of relationship.


I think that's extreme to extreme. Yeah. If, if, if you start dating somebody and they like, let's go to therapy, I don't know. I agree. I mean, that's a very progressive ass. I'm sure there are people that, yeah, like, I don't know. That's a bit, it's a bit much. I think that would be a little like weird, intimidating a little bit. Not saying it's bad, but like, it just is. It's just a little weird to ask somebody that you just started dating or newly getting relationship with. I agree. Therapy, but like you said, Sharelle like conversation, like really sitting down and really listening and You know, hearing the other person out and trying to understand why they are the way they are and getting to know like their childhood.


Because You know, a lot of us deal with childhood traumas and stuff like that and it's like, do they even know that, You know, realize their childhood traumas and You know, are they doing things to help those? Or they could be doing things to trigger 'em and they don't know exactly. So like you said, like talking about it for sure. I'm a proponent of if you are already doing individual like therapy And you have spiritual advisor advisors and whoever, You know, that you have as a supports system mentors. I love that. I think that that's accountability. I wouldn't want to have therapy like couples therapy at the beginning of a relationship.


I feel like that's a lot. You know, I want you to come in with what you have right now. If you're doing work on the side, I love it. You, we talk about it, You know, you do that, but because you're fixing things about yourself. But if I'm meeting you right now, we just came to this point and we're just like, hey, we just, we're just now locking in and we're, we're getting closer together. I love that. You're, you're doing the work and you're exercising, you're your mind. But I don't, I don't have to be in a, in therapy therapy so early. I think that's a lot. So how do y'all feel about, You know, getting into a relationship and, You know, a lot of women feel like they have to teach their man how to love them.


Do you think that's an issue or do you feel Like, You know, men should already know how to do those things coming in? I feel like there's basics to how to treat a woman. Like just one, you should know how to come in and, and treat a woman now when you want or expect more, then you, that's where that communication, you let them know, Hey, this is what I would love for you to do, if you can work on that. Not just tell him to do it, but try to work baby. Try to work on this. This is what I love and what, what is it that you like to do? What is it that, You know that turns you on? Whatever. But just trying to just tell them.


They should know the basics on how to treat and love on a woman, but some don't. Some just get comfortable. I know I was, I knew a situation where it was just like, I don't, I'm not gonna love bomb you. I'm not gonna do this and Well, you need help because what you're showing is not, don't wanna wanna be with you if you doing this, if you're acting. Yeah, I think some men really just, they don't know how. Like if they never had an example of, of it, like if they never saw a man love their mom, or You know, if they just never saw it, like that example, then it's, it's hard for them to know.


Even if, even if they did have like a, a father and mother at home, You know what I'm saying? There might not have been love there or it might have been the wrong type of, You know, love. Like, it might have been a messed up situation, You know? So it's like, I don't wanna fault a man for, for, for not knowing. I think there are basics, You know, to showing like affectionate that you care, somebody care for somebody. But when it comes to like, specifics, You know, like as women, we, we have a lot of, You know, little things that, You know, a man, he don't know how to, he don't, they don't, men don't think like us. You know what I'm saying?


So there I feel like there's things that I've had to like explain to feel Like, You know, this is how I feel love. Like, do these things. And he's Like, You know, he don't think like, I think so he would've never thought of that. And I think it's okay to like have those conversations, You know, and, and tell them specifically, like, don't even try to like, have them read through the lines because men are slow And we don't got time for that. So just tell them, I don't think it's wrong with telling them specifically like, look, this is the way that I feel love. This is the way that, You know, there's certain things that I need from you in order to feel love. Look, I, You know what I think it, it falls down. It boils down to too, and I've seen growing up as a child, I had brother, it's like, if, if a man cries, stop acting like a little punk.


Like draw those tears. It's like we have to break those generational curses and, and it's okay for a little boy to cry. It's okay for a man to cry. It's okay for you to express your feelings, let it out. Because what you're doing is basically prohibiting when you become a man, Now you have your guard up to your woman because you feel like you a punk. If you cry, you feel like punk if you express your, yeah. So we have to, especially with us and our culture, we have to change that. We have to allow, I allow my sons to break down, open up express yourself. Yeah. Because I don't want you, when you become older, you're holding it in and you're building up so much anger And you explode on somebody else or something else.


That's right. So we have to teach our boys, our young man, it's okay to cry. It's okay to express how you feel. It's okay to say, I love you. It's okay to kiss and hug. It's okay to hug your daddy. It's okay to your father to tell his son that he loves him and kiss him and guide him and open up to him. That's when we have to break that cycle. And that's when we will have more young men expressing themselves and feeling like it's okay to love. And we don't as women don't have to teach them. That's right. That's right. I, I agree 100%. I agree. I love y'all. I love it. I love it. I love it. I love my brothers out there.


Yeah, we do. But we really do. We want, we just want a awareness And we, we understand that they have emotional intelligence. Yeah. We know that. We know what they're capable of. But it gets suppressed by ultra masculinity and just so much, so much of the environmental forces. That's true. Yeah. Fathers, it's time to change that narrative. It is time to break that generational curse, that generational cycle. Show these young men that it's okay to love, it's okay to express your emotions, to cry, to show affect, to cater to all those things. Tap into that.


Love it. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. All right. Last time for some mail. Yeah, we got doing the mail day. I'll do it. I this ash, let's go Ash, what you got for us mama? All right. Oh wait, I just lost it. Let me find it. All righty. We have Jasmine from Atlanta, Georgia. Hey boo. From the A Hey, hey, hey, Alexis, Sherell and Ashley, I need you. I need your take on something that's been on my mind.


My husband And I have been together for seven years and overall our relationship has been solid. No major complaints. But recently I started noticing the smell of marijuana in his car and is throwing me off. Here's the thing. When we got together, we were both firmly against drug use. And as far as I know, he never smoked. Now I suspect he might be, but I haven't brought it up because I don't wanna start a fight. I have strong feelings about this and I'm torn. Is this something worth a serious conversation? Could this be a deal breaker or am I overreacting? And on that note, do you even consider marijuana a real drug?


Looking forward to your thoughts. Thank you. That marijuana, lemme literally what you say, girl, if you don't let that man smoke, its marijuana. All marijuana is a herb. Okay? It's from Theb. It's rooted. It is rooted, it's cultivated, it's planted. It's a seed. As somebody who is an advocate for the cannabis industry as a avid smoker, as someone who indulges in extracurricular activities, sis calm down. Okay? Even if he's smelling like, like it, it doesn't mean he's smoking it. And not only that, there are many, many states that have medicinal laws that say it is okay.


There's also states that have recreational meaning you can be outside and smoke all you want. So I would have a conversation with him. I mean, it doesn't seem like he's hiding it. Yes, it might be different behavior or different, You know, option for him. Now that you guys are dating, And you see this, And I don't consider it a drug whatsoever. It is approved by the FDA, you can get licenses. It's doctors that are, are, You know, are very much involved as well as people who know how to cultivate and produce these in the agricultural background. So at the end of the day, y'all have a discussion about what you think is appropriate, how much you think is appropriate, and y'all should get educated on what the benefits are of cannabis.


At the same time, You know, it shouldn't be a, a hindering of your, your relationship. I mean, no different employers are getting laxed on these things. It's becoming a, again, a way to move through pain, a way through to get through, You know, just whatever, mental anxiety, PTSD, You know, anxiety. Yes. So much. So find out, really do your research and make sure, You know, understand that it's beneficial. So that's what I gotta say about that. Nobody said, nobody said, I think l on cloud. Nah, I'm calling. I'm yes sis. I feel like y'all been married for so eight years. There's like a, a million other things that could have you stressed out.


So I wouldn't let this, You know, get to you like that. I wouldn't bring it up in such a heavy way, but I would bring it up because maybe there's other things that y'all need to address and talk about, right? Maybe he is stressed out, maybe he's using this to relieve that stress. Maybe You know, something is going on that you don't know about. And then obviously, like, if he feels like he can't tell you about it, then there's something, maybe there's an issue there too. You know, y'all are married, y'all been married for seven years, y'all should be able to talk about things. Can have to hide years. Yours is a big deal too, by the way. Congratulations to y'all. Seven years is a completion of a cycle, so, yeah.


Yeah. How about it? Talk about, I think, I think as long as it, it's not affecting his job. He, You know, he's not in the military, he's not in a, a occupation that, You know, prohibits him from smoking marijuana. It shouldn't be an issue, but maybe it's something that he's been doing, but the fact that he's sneaking to do it, maybe he's respecting you because you don't like weed and he's right. He, he's doing it before he even comes around you. It's nothing to, You know, cause confusion over. Just have a conversation like, Hey babe, I noticed you've been smoking. I I've been smelling weed. Have you started smoking? How long have you been doing? Just have a conversation. Nothing to act crazy about.


I mean, he wanted to smoke his little trees, let him smoke his little trees, sis. I agree. I agree. But thank you so much, Jasmine, for writing to us. You guys, if y'all need some advice, relationship advice, business advice, whatever kind of advice y'all reach out to the humble baddies at contact@humblebaddies.com and let us know what you guys wanna talk about. We appreciate you for tuning in. We love y'all. Until next time, see you. Make sure y'all subscribe to at Humble Baddies podcast and tell your cousins, your neighbors, your sisters, your coworkers, your brothers, your side chicks, your side mans to follow us as well.


Until next time,


Asking the right questions can greatly impact your future, especially when it comes to your finances. So if you're looking for a financial advisor, you can trust certified financial planner. Professionals are committed to acting in your best interest. That's why it's gotta be a CFP. Find your CFP professional at Let's make a plan.org.


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic, because it just feels different where other AI often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know, choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com. And let us know how you feel the difference.


It's Wednesday night after a long day, and the last thing you want to do is cook dinner from scratch. But you still want a satisfying, tasty meal without the guilt. Enter your freezer sidekick cauli power from thin and crispy cauliflower crust pizzas to all natural white meat, chicken tenders, and more. Cauli Power is gluten-free, always satisfies every craving, and is ready in minutes. Cauli Power is available in Freezer Isles nationwide. Visit eat cauli power.com/where to buy to find a store near you.


For some of us, personal finances aren't just personal. They include a lot more people than ourselves. Loved ones, neighbors, the communities we call home, and the causes we hold in our hearts. At Thrivent, we help plan your financial picture with the bigger picture in mind. Because even though our business is helping guide your finances, our ambition is to make it mean so much more. Thrivent, where money means more. Connect with us@thrivent.com.