
You're listening to an iHeart podcast, Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. For yourself. I've never felt like this before.


It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me. I mean, you can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for you from brands you love, like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or DSW dot com. This is Rashaan McDonald from Money Making Conversations Masterclass. How can you for your team from time consuming office task, Amazon Business empowers leaders to not only streamline purchasing, but better support their teams smart business buying tools and label buyers to find and purchase items fast so they can focus on strategy and growth.


It's time to free up your teams and focus on your future. Learn more about the technology, insights and support available@amazonbusiness.com. Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.


What's up? Okay, welcome back. I miss I miss you water. Or last Monday, your new name is the chicken lady. Yes, I am a chicken lady. Bless. Listen, but You know what? I be so intrigued when the chicken go missing. Like I'm just, she thought chicken. I'll be scared like a alligator or something. Gonna get the chicken girl. Me too. A alligator or a cat, a You know, I live in the boonies, so I'm afraid I'm gonna get my babies, but they always come back Chromes. Well, we, we gonna pray that they don't get loose again.


Pray for my baby. So what have we been up to? We miss you on the last episode. What's been going on? Oh, girls. These kids be keeping me busy child. They, in all the sports and all the activities and You know, Meg, we, we got all the recitals and games, playoffs, championships, graduations. I know you getting ready for a big graduation. Yeah. Thank you Jesus. Boy, I was doing my holy dance. Like, woo. Praise God. How does this feel? How did it feel? It's a bittersweet moment, but more sweet than bitter. I bet she is very expensive and, and You know it, that is very expensive.


She's like, she needs to understand the value of a dollar. And I feel like she doesn't, and it's kind of my fault because I feel like that's what I was about to say, sound like that's unintentionally because, You know, you grow up with, You know, you don't want your kids to have the lifestyle that you grew up in. You want it to be better, but it's like a curse because it's basically making them lazy and it's making them feel like everything should be given to them. So that's my biggest fear with her. And I've been trying to teach her and tell her like, listen, you are about to go off to college, focus on school, but I'm gonna have to pull back on what I give you now.


Like she think that everything is supposed to be hand given. Like she's a princess. Everything is princess treatment. Not no more. I mean, it might be a little bit of a rude awakening, but Ari, she's a good girl and she's a smart girl. So I feel like she gonna figure it out. I feel like she, I think she has some grind mentality in there somewhere. Somewhere. I mean, if she, she takes that through you and you, I you, our mentality is totally different. She's spoil like, I'm such a go-getter. I have, I work hard for everything. And that's the difference. Like she just, she but you don't know subconsciously she might have picked up on that.


You know what I'm saying? She doesn't have to use that now, but subconsciously, like our children are watching us. Yes. And they're absorbing everything. And well, she wants, even though she, she wants the nice things that I get for myself and, and the nice things that I do for them. And she think that it's just simple. And I'm like, you're not a child. Come find out. She find out. But I'm proud of her. You know, she's an amazing child. I wouldn't trade her for the world, like a lot of, and I tell her this all the time. I am where I'm at today because of you. I, You know, I was pregnant. I had her at 19 and it's like, you are the reason why I went so hard. I went hard because of you and I wouldn't be where I'm at if I didn't, You know, have you in my life at such an early age.


So that's so, so beautiful. Very much a blessing. So it's crazy. I had, I had, I'm preparing for her, she graduates at eight o'clock in the morning tomorrow. Plus all my mom is here, my stepdad is here, my dad is here, her Godmom is here. My best friend is here. Like, it's so much going on. And plus today's denim's birthday. He had practice today. We took him to dinner and it's just, You know, denim. He's the big one. Zero. Yay. It's just been a hectic, not a lot, not a lot going on. Plus we have a lot of clients that we dealing with trying to home. Yeah. So it's been busy in a good way for us.


Good, good. I'm happy for you and I'm excited. It's a lot of good things going on. Yes. And you glowing. Oh, thank you girl. You what? I'm stress free over here, baby. Okay. I'm living my best life. Stress free and working hard, so can't complain. Good. We we see you. We see you. Yes. All right. So what we talking about today, I miss my Humble Baddies. So what's going on point? So today we're gonna get into it and You know, this a topic that we can relate to not only as, You know, us being black women and homeowners, but also us helping homeowners, especially black women purchase homes.


So the first topic today is Real Estate Baddies. Why more black and brown women are buying. And then black women are the fastest growing group of entrepreneur entrepreneurs. But where's the funding to together? This becomes a powerful, relevant and juicy conversation about luck building independence and systematic barriers all wrapped up in an unapologetic Humble Baddies flavor. So that has been a big thing. I I experienced a lot of, You know, minority women purchasing. But go ahead. I'm about to say most of my clients, I wanna say most of my clients have been black women.


Like honestly, truly, they have been holding me up in the real estate game. So I, I mean, absolutely, this is definitely hitting home for me. And I honestly, I don't know why I didn't really realize that until literally you just said that. I'm like, damn, you right. The black women is out here buying the houses. These are my clients, these are the women I'm working with every day. Like, this is true. It's, it's a lot. Like I'm, I'm part of a few groups and I spoke with a few group of women where it's like black women in real estate and it's bas basically it's a group of powerful women that are teaching more women who are entrepreneurs how to invest their money because it's not given, like if you, if you don't come together and and speak about it, you won't know.


So that's a good thing. I mean, it's a group. They teach how to invest overseas, how to invest here, how to become developers, how to be GCs, and just how to recycle your money. So it's, it's amazing. The, the only hard thing about it with some women is the funding. And it's not just with women, it's just minorities. I know there was a big, a big thing with Navy Federal in regards to the loans and, You know, not allowing minorities to get qualified. Like they would have better credit scores and they would just get denied. So it's, it's, it's like a lot of, they are starting to crack down on it, but it's still gonna take a lot of time for, You know, us to be on that same page.


Yeah. Equal. I remember that story not too long ago about the family who was trying to sell their home, I believe. And the appraisers, they appraised it for a lower number and then when they, I guess took their, like family photos and stuff out of their appraiser, You know, app it for a higher number. So I mean, all across the board when it just comes to getting, You know, what we're worth, what our homes are worth, what our properties are worth, You know, getting the funding, You know, we're still not getting treated equally here in the housing market. And it's really sad to see because, You know, black women for sure are out here getting it. I just went to my mom's graduation, she just got her doctoral degree and it was nothing but black women, like black women are out here.


They're getting the degrees, they're getting the jobs, You know, they're out here hustling and investing. And so, You know, I think the banks are behind, You know, the banks, all these institutions, they are really behind on the curve. And I mean, I guess it's on purpose, but I mean, You know, we have to figure out a way we have to start, You know, using black businesses, You know? Yeah. And, and sharing the information so that, You know, we can progress in this, in this, in this industry. Yeah. As far as sharing the information, that's why I say it's so good that we come together and, and collab and, and speak on what we're doing. I know with me, I noticed there was, there was not one, it probably was maybe a handful of black women who are developers in the government contracting that that falls up under building VA hospitals and everything.


So, You know what I did? I took advantage of it and I, I went to conferences, started doing my research. Now I'm in the hat, I'm in the, the runnings to potentially be awarded three hospitals, to build three hospitals in the state of Florida. That, that would be amazing that that would be a, You know, a record that's, that's being broke. So I do my research and I learn, and I, You know, I'm not a, a gatekeeper. I open up and I talk to people and I tell people about it. And I want more, especially minority women to know that there are so many resources out here for us. There are so many certifications that we have that are set aside for us that'll take us to that X level.


But we have to get out, continue to get out here and learn and know more about it. Absolutely. And you do really well with that. I think just getting women together, putting things together, having classes and courses so that we can learn about if, if it's real estate or contracting. I've seen you put together some things for the ladies, so thanks for leading the way on that because you have definitely been a resource for me and I know a lot other women. Yes. Thank you Ashley. Okay, this, this is a quick fact to drop one in five homes in major US cities are now being bought by single women with black women leading the solo ownership trend.


Black women make up 40, 42% of new women owned businesses, the fastest growing demographic of entrepreneurs in the us. Despite this, less than 1% of ven venture capital funding goes to black women. Women still face a gender pay gap and credit discrimination, which directly impacts mortgage rates and small business loan approvals. Why you think so many black and brown women are choosing to buy home solo instead of waiting for marriage or partnership? Is it an empowerment or survival mode? I mean, as a black woman, I feel like we feel empowered in everything that we do now.


So why would we not, You know, go on our own and purchase a home? You know, I don't, I just, I don't see really the correlation with marriage, right? And, You know, waiting to purchase your own home. I feel like you work so hard to, You know, to get with what you want. And usually a home is like your first big or major purchase, You know what I mean? So for me, I don't know correlate like marriage as a black woman, we're not thinking that way. You know, we're not waiting for marriage, especially somebody, a woman who's, You know, educated that has, You know, a job can get a mortgage. We are not waiting on no man to purchase the house. Exactly. You know, that's what, when I was single and I purchased my first house, I wasn't thinking about, oh, I'm wait on a husband to purchase.


I was excited that I was able to even get to that point at such a early age. Like, wow, I'm able to purchase accomplishment, feeling accomplishment. Like I did this on my own. This is amazing. Now let me go to the next one. Let me do, I can do next. It's just an accomplishment. Sure. I don't think it has anything to do with, oh You know, I a point or something like that. But I do think there is a conversation, You know, that is being had regarding should you purchase a house if you're not married, You know, say you're in a relationship with somebody but you're not married, should you, You know, purchase a house together, would you purchase a house separate?


Like there is that major conversation that's happening right now. I mean, personally I never was in that situation because I was with Phil since college. So You know, it was what it was. But if I were a single woman or dating seriously somebody, I think that would be something I would really have to like consider, You know, do I wanna purchase a house with somebody that I'm not married to? I think that's a legit concern. You know what I mean? 'cause once you tie your finances together in such a major way, like that is a major commitment, You know?


So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back to og cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti purse spray for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed.


So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about, head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options, available, taxes and fees, extra fee terms@mintmobile.com. Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach?


Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart. Residents at BrightView Senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events.


Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity, One of the biggest purchases of your life. You have to be very, You know, careful on who you're about to make this purchase with. You don't know, You know what their hidden financial secrets are. It's a lot that may unfold. You don't know if You know what they have going on regardless of what it is. So you definitely have to be careful. I feel like if I'm in a relationship, I would, I wouldn't think about having that.


You didn't put a ring on my finger. We're not looking to get married. So in my eyes, we're not looking to get married. So I'm still gonna make, create, You know, build my investment over here, purchase home. We got this going on. As long as it's not affecting our relationship, then it's, so then so then would you get like a prenup so that You know, you could keep that home just in your name for yourself. Just so happens you guys don't last. Would you make sure that that is only your property? Yeah. So is that something you would, You know, if I come into a relationship and You know, we get married, I'm definitely gonna make sure they have their prenup.


I have my prenup. Whatever we came into this relationship with, we're gonna lead with. We, whatever we put together, come together with, then we can split that. But anything that I have before, You know, before we got married, that's mine. What if he's like, okay, what if he moves into y'all your house, right? But he takes over the mortgage payments, then what? He's still my house. Unless, I mean, it's different to the house. It's different. If he take over the mortgage payments and we get married, then You know, it it, of course it becomes both of ours. So it's to a point where, okay, and I don't know, I'm, it's very tricky.


Tricky. But see, and I, and I'm not saying you have to know all the answers, it's just these are the questions that you have to think about. Like, these are like legit concerns that black women, now that, You know, we are out here purchasing homes and You know, making big purchases like this on our own. This is something that you have to think about. And I was just, so, I, I probably wouldn't be like, You know, whatever you invested into this, this is still my home. Whatever you invested into this home, I would definitely give you your investments back into it. But if we split up, You know, and you go find your way out, but as a man, you shouldn't want child. These men don't be acting like mens thing to drinking up the men's.


Don't be mensing no more. Okay. They out here. Like, that's mine. When went through, when I went through my divorce, we had, we were building a a, a beautiful big house and You know, I put money into it just as well as he did. And I was just so fed up with everything. I just left. I didn't want nothing. Even what I invested into it, I didn't. I just wanted my peace and I left out of it and just went and purchased my own home. So some don't, don't, don't do that anymore. But it, it's not advice giving anything me. It's not good advice, but I'm just being real and I regret. I know, but I'm just saying I did regret. I, but I, You know, sometimes peace and happiness is more important than money and material listed things.


Yeah. And then you got so much more later anyway. Period. Let's talk about credit. Why is it that women with strong income still struggle to get favorable loans? Have y'all experienced bias in business or real estate? I've experienced bias in business and more from my competitors. I really Your competitors in what? Exactly As far as other, You know, other business owners who are real estate owners and it's more, it's sad to say, but it's more hate.


Why is this young woman coming into my industry and You know, taking over, got a whole Netflix show on TV about her company. She ain't did nothing. She's brand new. She ain't sell all this. What I sold this, that and the third blah blah. Why is she recruiting all these black women, these minority women, this and they get the spotlight. That was the, the, You know, what I was experiencing. But I never experienced anything in regards to, You know, what loans or any of that. Even with my clients and I have helped black female who are strippers purchase homes, they got approved.


I haven't had that, that situation. Entrepreneurs, business owners, women who work in the corporate world. I don't experience the hate and the discrimination when it comes to that. So I haven't experienced that. And I have dealt with a lot of women who are single women homeowners. Yeah. You know, I think you just have, there's so, there's so many different people to work with in this industry. And just because one person says no, it's so that show you go find, there's somebody out there who wants to work with you. There's somebody out there who relates to you. There's somebody out there who wants to help you, who wants to get the job done, who wants to get the deal done.


And I Think, You know, just like anything in life and You know, black women in general, it's, it's since history we, we've had to overcome. And unfortunately, You know, it may not always be as easy as, You know, somebody else's situation. But I think when you also work with your people, it usually comes out better. So I always try to like, You know, use black businesses and go to like, use referrals. Like people that I know, people that I know that are gonna look out for me and who I've looked out for my people. I think that's the best way to go. So that you don't run into situations like that. Use your people and use someone that's experienced.


That's the problem people be using, people that don't know what they doing, it can be something so simple and easy for them to get approved. But I haven't dealt with it, thank God. And it seems like, You know, the discrimination is starting to be, there's an awareness and they're starting to resolve, resolve it in the, You know, in the industry of the loan financing, getting, You know, black women minorities approved. So thank god for that. Amen. If the funding still isn't coming, is it time we gate keep our knowledge and build our own investment networks?


Or does the system still owe us access? I can't answer that question because I haven't experienced that. Yeah. I think we just have to keep educating ourselves and, and, and don't stop at no. You know what I mean? I do think we need to, I don't know. Yes baby. Okay. I know I let him in. It's okay. I'm on the podcast. Yes girl. Come say, hey, you might as well come say, hey, now come say hey to everybody. Right? See baby. Oh my goodness, you're so handsome.


I miss you outside playing basketball. You miss, she alright. You gotta go take out, get over there scratching. I dunno what I was talking about. Anyways, move on. Listen, I hear, You know, we, we we're independent, You know, we're, we're powerful. But I'm trying to pull back that layer. I'm trying to be, You know, I, I done did my, the, You know, empowerment and all that. I just wanna be catered to now. I wanna be a queen and just be catered to That's Yeah. And you it and you deserve that. But I still Think you have an obligation to do what you're doing, which is opening up doors for the women behind you.


You know what I mean? So I think you're absolutely, You know, at a time in your life where, You know, you, you don't necessarily gotta, You know, go through the struggle and all that, but everybody's looking up to you now, You know, which is a beautiful thing. I do feel like, and I, I'm not trying to sound, You know, conceited or arrogant, but I, I do feel like I definitely opened up a lot of doors when it came to black women in real estate. You know, I was one of the women. We have Keanu Watson, we have myself. It's a lot of women that are out there that, You know, paved the way for black women in real estate and not just real estate, but opening up those luxury like luxury real estate selling multimillion dollar homes.


So shout out to my black queens who out there killing it and the ones that are looking up to us. Absolutely. All right, let's, let's get into our next segment. Girl. He died and guess what? He died. Died. 'cause she left The Truth about men and Broken Heart Syndrome. Oh, that broken heart syndrome. Gosh. You know, I've heard of that. But like with old people though. Yeah. I feel like, You know, once they get older they really realize it. I feel like the younger guys are not really experiencing it and they know how to hide it and cover it more.


Yeah. I feel like old people like, no, I'm saying like when old people like say they're, they're like really? You didn't die for real. Who are we talking about? Are we really talking about somebody that's we talking about somebody didn't die for real. Lemme lemme I know old people. Like they think wife die or something. No. Okay. Lemme read. Okay, so babies, what if I told you that men, yes, the same men who ghost you cheat on you and forget your birthday are actually out here dying because of love. Like, oh, I guess they actually dime.


There's a real thing called Broken Heart Syndrome and new research shows men are dying from it twice. The rate of women. Wow. I didn't know they was really dying. See I told you Mr. Murphy. Alright, y'all grab your wine and you're healing crystals because this one is about to get deep, spicy, and maybe a little sad. Lord have mercy. So go ahead and tell me your, because I never experienced this. Well the only time I never heard it with like no younger people. But like, You know, older people say they in a nursing home or You know, just old and they've been together their whole lives or whatever and You know, their soulmates and say like the wife passes away.


I've heard a lot of stories where like the husband all of a sudden gets sick and die too because it's like their soulmate has passed away and like they're, they die from like a broken heart from being like lonely. Like this was their other half. So I've heard it in that sense before, but I don't know about younger people with the Broken Heart Syndrome. Yep. Going out exactly out of my family. I, because You know, my great, my great, I was alive when my great-grandfather was and my great-grandmother on both sides. My, on my mom's side, my mom's dad's side, my grandmother, my great-grandmother died first.


And my grandfather lived to be 98 years old. So he, she died at like 70 something. So he lived an extra 20 years after she died. Okay. But every else, the, the male died first and the women are still living. But I feel like sometimes the women may, it's easier for the woman 'cause it's easier for them to find another man. But the man, it's hard for them to find another woman because they old. You think so? I feel like, I thought it was the other way around. I thought old men be always with a, a little young thing. No, when they get in they eighties and nineties, late seventies, eighties.


I, because the woman's like, they sexual appetite gets it. Listen like this, I'm about to tell y'all little story and I am not loud. I thought your great girl, girl, I'm not even fixing the, I ain't gonna say it's my girl. It's not, it's not my grandma, but it's somebody in the, it's somebody close. You know that. I know it's one of my friends. One of your friends grandma, she was hot, 80 something years old and she still goes to the sex store and they have these conversations about what they going to get, what size and how they use it.


And girl on my, on my life, I'm not lying. I was like, hope to be like that. Think I said the same thing. I, but she looked so young and and refreshed. I'm like, oh my goodness, I am sharp. Probably it's 'cause she probably like, it keeps her, You know, releases keeps like, she, she used that thing faithfully and she got different sizes, different. She know she's very experienced. Like she can have sex parties and tell you about the toys, but only with toys that with men. I don't think she, I don't think she mess with me. Like I don't even need no man, her just been passed away. So she just, she get her enjoyment from her toys.


Okay. I ain't mad at it. I ain't mad at it at all. Okay. Are these young men, are they, they got broken hearted syndrome? Is that a thing? Or is it just an old man thing? I think it's just the old man thing. I don't, I don't think, I never heard of a young man having broken heart syndrome. The only thing I have heard where when they hurt, they cry, but they move on fast. They'll say miss her can't live without you. I'm sorry. Now they do be real pitiful when they heartbroken. I mean, pitiful girl, they stop come out. They, they, it's every excuse. Oh, I'm going, I'm gonna kill myself.


I'm gonna the hospital. Oh, I wanna marry you now. Right now. I'm sorry baby. And then in a whole other relationship. Exactly. Oh, I guess what happened? All right, well let's see if Sharelle can connect that.


Where you at? I don't see you. Yeah, I see it. Somebody ain't like what you was talking about just now and cut you off somebody, somebody came in and was like, Uhuh, we finna shut that down right now. Right now. Right now. They said, not today. Move on. Move on. But, but it's crazy. Yeah, it really is. I mean, I feel like men really turn into little babies anytime they get sick, broken hearted. They just really act like little kids like just pitiful.


Yes, they do. It's, they come up with every scenario of why, who they, sorry. They don't change. I promise. So do you think men feel heartbreak deeper because they're not taught how to express their heartbreak? Yes. I feel, I feel like how to deal with heartbreak. Like no, I feel like they're taught how to be a man and if you cry and if you express yourself, you're not a man. So I feel like those create those things create layers to, You know, for them to, it's hard for them to express how they really feel.


And another thing like they're not taught to open up. Yeah. 'cause if you, if you open up you're punk, You know, you, you this, you that, You know, I mean, I think one people are not, nobody's really taught how to deal with heartbreak. Two, I think men don't know how to take accountability a lot of times. And so that comes out as heartbreak. But really it's like, oh my God, I can't, I can't take accountability for these things that have, You know, I have caused the relationship or whatever. So it just comes out in that real pitiful, childish ass way when really they just probably took accountability that would take a load off of them.


You know what I mean? But they don't, they can't even, they haven't, haven't learned to do that. So it could be that. Yeah. When are dying from heartbreak? Should we stop calling them emotionally unavailable or is that still fair? I mean, no, you can, I'm gonna still call you emotionally unavailable. You need to figure it out before you die though. That ain't my problem. You know what I'm saying? Like, you need to get in touch with your emotions. Don't be, you can't be like deeply in love with me to the point where you only can show your, you can only be emotionally available once.


Right? Yeah. I think that's the thing. Like if they were emotionally available, they would know how to deal with a heartbreak because they know, okay, You know, I gave it my all I expressed myself and it's not gonna work. But you let everything build up and it, it takes a toll on you. You stressed out to the point when you, you going six feet on better. Yeah. So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and od protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula.


One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back the OG Cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself. Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications.


Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart. Residents at BrightView Senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts, amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com.


Equal housing opportunity. And we're back folks. It looks like Jim from sales just got in from his client lunch and he's gotten receipts. His next meeting is in two minutes. The team is asking can he get through his expenses in that time? He's going for it. Is that his phone? He's snapping a pick. He's texting Ram Jim is fast, but this is unheard of. That's it. He's done it. It's unbelievable. On ramp expenses are faster than ever. Just submit them with a text. Switch your business to ramp.com. Well that just reminded me though.


I one time I feel like my eye was heartbroken with Phil. We had broke up for like two weeks. And Girl, I was pitiful. I'm not gonna lie, but he was more pitiful. I realized. But in like, in my little two, like I went, I was living in LA and I literally came home 'cause I was just homesick. I needed to be home. And my parents, I was riding in the car with them and like Erica Badu song came on and I was like, oh my god, turn it off. I can't even listen to like, I was really pitiful. Like I couldn't listen to certain songs. I couldn't eat certain foods, like everything just, I was really, really pitiful.


But then when we got back together, when we was like trying to like figure out what we was gonna do, girl, I realized he was more pitiful. Oh yeah, they do listen. And the thing about it is they be, they be front and they be acting like, oh, You know, I'm good. I'm, they'll even jump into a whole new relationship. You need to stop it. Stop it. All right. You playing hard all that time stopping. You know, you still, you still, you still hurt. Baboo very hurt. Very hurt. Would you feel guilty if an ex died of a broken heart over you?


Ooh. I mean, can we really determine that they died from a broken heart? We won't know. I don't think we would know. Well, the condition is called Broken Heart Syndrome, also known as to the cardiomyopathy. It's a real medically documented condition that mimics a heart attack. It's often triggered by intense emotional or physical stress, like a breakup, the death of a love or even public accumulation. So it's the whole definition for it in the medical book. So obviously they can, You know, You know, rule that out. It's how they die. That's awesome.


That's, it's a scary situation. I don't know. I feel like, You know, I probably would feel a little guilty if they pass away right after we break up. Because I mean that it's a natural feeling like, damn, I was just with this person and yeah, you may feel like you didn't get enough closure or something. So it, you will, I know I probably would have a guilty conscience. It would hurt not me feeling like I'm the reason why they died, but it will be some guilt on me because I feel maybe, I feel like there wasn't any closure. Yeah. I mean, I guess Spanish dying of a broken heart is pretty pitiful.


I must say it, but, okay. Luban, let's get into segment three. The Naked truth can Sleeping in the Buff Boost Your health. All right, badies, let's talk about something that's equal parts, bold, biological and well Fair New studies suggests that the, that sleeping without clothes might actually do more than just free your body from tight waistbands and tangled pajama pants. Research shows that ditching the nightwear can help regulate hormones, lower stress levels by reducing cortisol and even boost your metabolism leading to potential fat loss while you sleep. But hold up, is this real science or just another trendy wellness claim?


Are people really seeing health benefits from sleeping Oh, natural. Or are we all just getting more comfortable with our bodies and calling it biohacking from hormone balance to hotter sex lives yet we're going there. We're stripping this topic down and getting into the bed with the facts. Okay. I like sleeping naked. You do? I always sleep naked. I, I, first of all, I like when I'm, You know, in a relationship and I'm cuddled up. I don't like having clothes on. Yeah. Because sometime I, it needs to be easy access. If I want something three o'clock in the morning, I tooth the little booty up, boom, boom, and then go, you ain't even gotta get up.


And I don't like being hot. Like, I like for it to be cold and I like to be wrapped up in blankets, but I like to be naked. And if I wanna get up and go to the bathroom at two o'clock in the morning, three o'clock in the morning, I ain't gotta have crust all in my eyes. I'm walking to the bathroom. I ain't gotta pull down my pants, I just sit right on the toilet, wipe myself and jump right back in bed. Yeah, I feel you. I mean, all of that sounds amazing. I sleep naked, but I don't always want to, still don't let me get into bed with clothesline. But I try it. I be trying, first of all, I like to sleep with a bra on because I don't feeling everywhere, first of all, me and I, secondly, I feel like I sweat more with no clothes on when I sleep.


And we keep our bedroom very, very cold. But I feel like when I have, when I don't have no clothes on, I just be sweating. But I like it 'cause I feel like I'm losing weight. I'm like, I'm sweating at night. I'm losing. Yeah, you're, you're burning calories when you, when all that is going on. I just, I love it. Like, but Phil don't let me sleep me if I, if I can. He's ripping them off as soon as I get in the bed. Like, I hate sleeping with bras on. Ugh. I like for to be be free. Yeah. I mean, I be in like, I have comfortable sleep wear like bras so they don't feel like nothing. But yeah, sometimes I just wanna feel like put together like everything.


So being like, yeah, yeah, yeah. But You know, it's not happening. It is, but it is. I'm married, You know, got no choice. No, no options there. All right. So let's talk about it. Is sleeping naked actually healthy? Or is it just an excuse for people to feel sexy at night? You think people really looking at it to see if it's damn healthy? No. No, I don't think so. But I mean, said there are health benefits. So if they're health benefits and I, if they're health benefits, they are amazing. The health benefit for me is easy access me sleeping naked to my man.


It's, it's easy. I mean, I feel like maybe it could help your relationship, You know, if you get in the bed naked with your man every night, You know, it could lead to more sex, which leads to a healthier relationship. Exactly. There we go. Our healthiness. Yeah. Okay, there we go. Can sleeping without clothes really burn fat? Or is it just wishful and naked thinking? I think it's zoo because I be happy. It might burn a few m it might burn a few calories if you high. You may feel like you in a little sauna or a steam room or whatever. Whatever it is you sweating up. But I don't like to sweat. Like if I'm sweating the AC is is going down, I might, maybe I be in a cold sweat because my room be cold.


I don't know. I don't know. I don't think we look at it sleeping naked. We look at it for the health benefits. We look at it for the sex benefits. Yeah, that was the next question. Does it improve your sex life? I think it does for sure. Sometimes you get you getting in the bed with a Momo and what the hell is this? And your bun is on, what is this? And your vomit and your mouth guard and like, girl, no. You doing too much. Yeah. Like people who now, okay, now when I say I like to get in the bed with clothes on, I literally meant like a little sleep bra and some little pennies. Now the people who be going to bed when a whole, a full lace pajama set or silk pajama set.


How, I don't understand that. Like getting in the bed with a full outfit on that I can't do sometime I like to, You know, I like to wake up to o'clock in the morning, do some, a few little tricks or whatever. It's, it's a lot of benefits and it's, You know, to sleeping naked. Okay, it say, does sleeping naked together increase intimacy or just create more opportunities for late night arguments over covers. Ain't nobody arguing about that. Ain't nobody arguing over no damn. Yeah. All right. That was a cute little segment.


I will be sleeping naked tonight. Don't worry Phil. No worries. Here. Phil. Phil done had all your color, your clothes, your pajamas. Yeah, it will. He does that. All right, so now we got some questions from our Humble Baddies. I love when they write to us and ask this question. All right, question number one. If you had to leave the US what are the top two places you would move to? Oh, we already answered that one. Oh, the last time. Right. So you can answer. You can answer. Where, where would you move to? Ooh. Well now that I am being educated and I visited Africa, I think I would love to choose an African country.


But there's so many countries I haven't been to yet. So I don't wanna say which one yet. But I just feel like if I had the opportunity to move somewhere, it should be an African country. 'cause that's the motherland. I said the same thing. I gotta pick another one. Another one? Mm. Probably probably like Italy. 'cause I love the food. I used to live there when I was a baby and I just love it. It's such a beautiful country. The vibe. Yeah. Okay. So did y'all do all these questions? Yeah, basically to humble, batty spell.


Alright. Humble batty smell. You got it. Go ahead. Oh's. See? Yep. I gotta pull it back up. 'cause You know we had a little tech. You want me to do it? Yeah, read it and I'll answer it. Okay. Hey ladies. So I've been in this weird situation for about six months now and I really need some real talk from y'all. I'm 29, recently started dating this amazing guy. He's emotionally available, rare, consistent, and actually wants to build something real. We've been together for about four months now, and things are moving in a healthy direction except for one issue.


My ex, who I was with for almost five years, still pays all my major bills. I'm TA talking rent, phone, car note, and even health insurance. He says he doesn't want me to struggle and that he still cares. And even though we're not together, and no, we're not sleeping together. It's truly just financial. He sends the money like clockwork and keeps it very platonic. I've told him my new man, I've told my new man about it, and he is not okay with it. He feels like it's a form of control that no man is doing all that out of pure kindness. He told me straight up, you can't build a future with me while being financially tied to your path. I get it.


But here's the thing, I'm not rich. My, my new man is still getting on his feet. So the lifestyle I'm used to is completely different when I'm with him. I love being with him, but I'm scared of letting go of a life where I don't have to worry about money. Is that wrong? So I guess my question is, what would you do? Would you cut off your ex and have to worry about money or stay financially secure? Be honest. I can take it. Maya from Nashville, Tennessee. I wouldn't, I mean, if she was being fi, first of all, he's, he's, what do you call it? Basically she's being held in that spot. Like he's making her lazy because she's not gonna change if he continue, if there's no relationship between them.


And he's financially taking care of her. Not well, am I complaining? No. I mean, I have somebody taking care of me financially and it's nothing more than that. But I'm not gonna get into a serious relationship with someone if I have somebody financially taking care of me. Because it's, it's disrespect for that man who you're in a relationship with. It's a lot of disrespect. So I wouldn't, you have to choose one. If you're gonna continue to get financial help from this man, which I'm sure you are, then you need to cut off ties because it's not fair for this man. Yeah. To be able to deal with that. That's kind of like the situation. And I was telling Lex about it. If it's kind of like the situation we was talking about on Monday, like I wouldn't want, if I'm in a relationship, I wouldn't want someone to have financial, financial ties over if I'm in a relationship with you.


It's just not respectful. There's boundaries that have to be set. And for this man, he's financially taking care of you. It may not be the same thing, but it's still someone there. E even if they're overlooking or they're taken care of, it's disrespect. It's gonna create controversy and you have to choose one. It's not fair for the man. Yeah, I agree. I mean, anything that keeps you tied to your ex, I think, You know, you shouldn't be moving on. Like if you're still tied to them in any kind of way, whether it's financially, emotionally, I mean, You know, when you have children with somebody that that's always gonna be a connection, right?


But if you have a choice, like children is not a choice, You know? But if you have a choice to be connected with them, then you have to make the choice to either, You know, be connected to that person and not deal with anybody else, or You know, cut them off so you can move on fully. And yeah, I don't, I, I agree with the man. I, I agree with him. I think, You know, she shouldn't be trying to be financially taken care of by somebody else that is disrespectful, like you said. So Maya, I don't know, girl, you need to think about what you really want and if it's moving on from your past, then you gotta cut ties with that X. Yep.


Yes. Well, all right you guys. Ha Maya, hopefully we answered your question. That is it for Humble Baddies. Thank You'all for tuning in. I'm sure we risto on Instagram. Follow us at Humble Baddies looking Fox, Humble Baddies podcast. Subscribe to us on YouTube and follow us on Instagram Ash, where they can find you. I'm Ashley Nicole on Instagram. You guys follow me and please come back and watch us on Monday. We'll be back. Love you.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant? Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's xper sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted?


If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now It Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report, Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence, and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care.


Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity. You probably think You know Philadelphia, but how well do You know Philly? Now's the perfect time to get to know it Better come for Rocky. Stay for Renoir. Come for the cheese steaks. Stay for the seafood. Rice. Come for the American history. Stay for the Chinese Lantern Festival. Come for Philadelphia. Stay for Philly with the Visit Philly overnight package. Your car stays free. Book your getaway today@visitphilly.com. You're listening to An iHeart podcast.