
Here's the deal. We gotta set ourselves up. See, retirement is the long game. We gotta make moves and make them early set up goals. Don't worry about a setback, just save up and stack up to reach them. Let's put ourselves in the right position pre-game to greater things. Start building your retirement plan at. This is pretirement.org. Brought to you by A A RP and the Ad council. I'm Lata the cultures for ton historian. We public scholar and recording artist. Yes, that means I've done the work on my show, the regata GTA podcast. I'm not only talking to Flo who has the number one reggaeton track in the world right now.


I'm also going beyond per to speak with music inhibitors like Lion Now, who is known for RA tracks and collaborating with artists like Bob Bonnie. We also giving you the culture breakdown straight from the story. Listen to Reta GTA on the I Heart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This season of revisionist history, we're investigating everything from the secret behind the perfect nooks and crannies in Thomas' English muffins to the merits of Paw Patrol against its critics. There's Some things that really piss me off when it comes to Paw Patrol. It's pretty simple. It sucks. My son watches Paw Patrol. I hate it. Everyone hates it except for me. Listen to revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Number one hit podcast. The girlfriends is back with something new. The girlfriends spotlight, where each week you'll hear women share their stories of triumph over adversity. You'll meet June, who founded an all female rock band in the 1960s. I might as well have said we're gonna walk on The moon, but She showed them whose boss They would rush up and say, not bad for chicks, Come and join our girl gang. Listen to the Girlfriend Spotlight on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


What a what? A what A hang. Hey y'all, good evening. Happy Monday with another episode of the Humble Baddies Podcast. I'm your girl, Ashley Nicole. I'm Alexis Welch Meyer. And I'm Rell Rosato. And we are, we are the humble. I miss you. I miss y'all. What's going on ladies? Everybody? This is traveling. Yeah. Yes. Living our best live. That's right.


Are y'all back home? What's the vibe back home? I'm back home. Yes. I'm not back yet. Where in the world is Sheika? I love that. It's like I'm traveling. I'm just traveling, living my best life. Enjoying Cape Town. Yeah. South Africa. Gorgeous. Right? It's cold here, y'all. It's winter. It's going into winter now. So it's been crazy. Like I really haven't, I wasn't able to enjoy, but I still did some amazing things. Today I went to the gun range and tomorrow I'm going on in the morning.


I'm going on a safari in less than three hours because it's two o'clock in the morning. I Wow. I'm so jealous. That sounds so fun. Have you been table on top Mountain yet? We rolled up, but we didn't go all the way up. The gun range was like midway through, but I seen Tabletop Mountain right here. Yes. I love it. Good luck. I have a perfect bee. Yeah. South Africa is beautiful. It's a ton of history there, especially the fact that it was, You know, a port as well for slaves to pass through. So it's a lot of history there. The prison there with Nelson, Nelson, Mandela, another, another spot to go to museum.


So yeah, enjoy love, love Cape Town. Love it. Yes. I'm loving it. We're gonna have to come back and do a girl trip here when it warms up. Yeah, they have good wine. I would love wine too. Oh yes. The wine. I went to the, one of the wine forums day before yesterday. Yeah. It was Sta Bosch. I believe it. They have a, a ton of wines out there. I'm, look, yeah, I'm learn. I'm, I'm getting into the wine tasting and all of that. Okay. Because every time I be trying to order bottles of wine, you be like, good. So now find your wine so you'll know which one we, You know, when we start popping, we get back home. Yes.


Yes. That's, I love that. What about you, Lex? You, where are you at in the world? I was in, I mean, I, I know what it's like to be on a tour as far as being either a musician or a basketball player. Because I went from la I went from Miami to La LA to Chicago, Chicago to Indiana, and then back to Miami. All within four or five days. Oh, just a whirl. Okay. Let, I was with Monique on her book, her first stop of her book tour, since she's from Monique Rodriguez, who just released her book forward to her story.


So yeah, you're mo Yeah. You know, that's where she's from. And so we just were there in support of her and just to see everyone line up and her family and friends to just be there to support her. Got some Garrett's popcorn, so shout out to Chicago and some HARs fried chicken so those in the Midwest know what's up. So it was just good to go and took a tour of the warehouse and just really just, and, and tapped in with family and friends that I saw along the way. I ran into a girlfriend in Chicago that I haven't seen in a while, but we've known each other for over 20 years. My girl Sarita. And then I got to see my nieces and my sister in la.


So just good times, You know, just to keep hopping and everything. That's beautiful. To show up for our girl Monique, like that. And then yeah, to see your people too. I can't wait to dive into that book. I meant to bring it to Africa so I could read it and I accidentally left it, but I'm about to get into it. Yeah, she long that, that house waited for me. I haven't started yet. It's amazing story. So y'all go get that. Everyone is support. 'cause it, it is just a, it, it's, she's a good person, You know, she's our friend and she just really means well and has a great spirit and a great business woman and just, You know, I, I'm happy for her and so humble.


We are happy for her. That's what I, I love about Monique. She's so humble and she always support, You know, small businesses. So shout out to our girl, Monique. Let's give her the support back the way she supports us. So home on that End the day. Okay. Right. Glory to your story. Go out and pick that up now. Absolutely. It's on Amazon. You can order it off Amazon. Yes. Yes, absolutely. And you Ash. Well, I just got home. Sharelle drug me to this wedding in Nigeria. Not drug. Not drug. I mean, I'm glad she did. We got invited to a wedding and You know, initially I was like, well, I just left from Nigeria, so I'm not sure that I will be able to make it because it's not like Nigeria is right down the street.


Of course. But Paul's asking you before you go further. I was like, and girl, you need to come. You need to do something strange. You need to do, like, you need to do something strange for a little bit of change. Fulfill girl. 'cause I'm about you. About I'm about to ask you to go to Africa and You know, he ain't finna let you come to Africa again, so I'm gonna need you to spice it up. Do what you gotta do so he can say yes again. Did throw little razzle, dazzling it, You know, he was well taken care of. Okay. Put me right on my way. And I was back in Nigeria, my girl Sherell, and I had the time of my life. I'm so glad I went. Glad taught me into going because the experience of a lifetime, honestly.


It was, it was amazing. We were invited to one of the biggest weddings of the year. It was a Tanzanian singer. And our friend Choma, her sister was the bride. And I mean, they showed up for this couple, like I've never seen anything like it. I mean the whole feel like the whole country showed up. Okay. And so I didn't know what I was showing up to, honestly, truly. But they, and they got me right on together. I'm talking about, they, they made me a dress in like two days, hair and makeup, Chaba.


She literally chaba laid out the Red Cross she put together. We didn't have to do nothing but this. Okay. But I'm talking about the people there are just so talented. The designer made my dress in like two days. I mean, the makeup artists, the hairstylists, the videographers, the photographers, I mean, everybody was just so kind and so welcoming. Like it really just made the trip that much more amazing. And we, I felt like we needed a redo of Legos. 'cause Ashley was like, I don't know about this. I think this is my last time coming. I probably will come for day. I said, Ashley, just trust me.


You have to give it another experience and I promise you, you, you will love it here. Yeah. Right. And this trip you was right. That's good. Right. Legos. It was the thank I love Lagos. I love Nigerian. Oh, good. And we got to go to Abuja too, which was another city in Nigeria. So it was nice to experience like a different area. We went there for a birthday party and child, they was live that party. That's the biggest birthday party I had a ever seen in my life. Imagine like a conference sitter, a birthday party. Mm. And everybody dressed to the nines and GED and tucks with nothing but millionaires and billionaires.


I and everybody black, beautiful. We love to everybody black and love. I aint seen nothing like it before in my life. I love it. I love it. Yeah, it was, we'll get back to that because we, we do need to talk about that. But everyone's, Easter was good. Easter for the most part. I church on Saturday, so I could relax on Sunday. I needed that. Oh, that was good. I had a relaxation day. This is my first time ever having a relax Easter. So it was good. Yeah, he is risen.


Yeah. I celebrate Passover, but at the same time respect Easter and all that comes with it. So just was very chill. Took a nice bike ride and ended up just hanging out by the pool and relaxing. Having some Popeye's. Okay. Popeye. Okay. Popeye. It was just a good Sunday. Easy Sunday. Real, real simple. Not Lex, you a she and you're behind. Just had some puffs. Yeah. You know why? Just because we all deserve a cheat day. And Popeye's is definitely high on the list of that. The spicy wings with the hot pepper, You know, and then the little, the rice, you gotta have a hot pepper.


They got, they got a Popeye's and Sunny Island biscuit's. No, I, yeah, it ain't no Popeye's and I get that. No, it had to get brought in. No, absolutely got gotta go. You know, actually, You know, it's closer to Hard Rock. Okay. So over there like Hollywood. Okay. That area. Yeah. Lex, You know how there, You know, there's a, well there's a way Lex, You know how to throw down on soul food. I do. Of course. My mom is, we're my mom and dad both cooked. And so that's what I grew up on being in Kansas City, Missouri. Whether it was barbecue or soul food. And I know how to do it all.


So the good thing is with the culinary background and just from traveling, I can do other things too. Not strictly to soul food. You know, African American cuisine. Well, we want Blake won't have to do a good Sunday dinner and we all come to your house. I like that. I like that Mac and cheese. I like fried cabbage. You know, I could do Turkey wings. It has to be Turkey wings. Yeah. I don't eat pork. So we, we eat none it Turkey wings. What else? Some cornbread. I might can give you a run for your money on the Turkey wings. L I'll be the judge that, You know what I'm saying? I, I know how you do yours too.


Real. I remember a recipe. Remember? Tell my recipe now. No, that's a good, that's a good recipe. Yeah. I won't, I won't put the put it out there. But we, we should. That's okay. I got a question. Do you make your cornbread sweet? No, I do not. I like sweet cornbread. Yeah, they have a little sugar. It is a little sugar in there, but I don't like to overdo it. I like to do it more of like a honey butter. No, that's sweet. Okay. I could do the honey butter. But some people do like that country. You know what I'm talking about sugar or like savory little southern buttermilk corn or jalapeno cheddar. You. I don't like that. I don't like foreign in it.


I've had people do that. I don't like that. Yeah. Gimme Yoki up is it's your Boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic, epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before from producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it.


And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions, and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go. Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions man DB in Weezy. Okay, we got the RB Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine.


We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast and many more will be on that stage live. And of course it's bigger than podcast. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast festival. There's A lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed that just isn't Fortunately at t guarantees connectivity you can depend on or they'll make it right at t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply.


Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more. My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay, Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. Jay Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard.


I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, I'm Dr. Maya Schenker. I host a podcast called A Slight Change of Plans. I started this show because unexpected change comes for all of us and there's no set playbook for how to deal with it. I have all of this psychological baggage that I'm carrying with me.


And the last thing I want to do is to pass that on to my daughter. So I have to figure this out, this this puzzle of my trauma. I have to figure it out and I have to figure it out. Now, Join me this season when I talk to Amanda Knox about her choice to reconnect with the prosecutor who helped put her behind bars. This is not about him. This is about me and what I am capable of giving. And I know that I am capable of being kind to this man. And by God I am going to do it and no one can stop me. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You like The only time I make butter buttermilk cornbread is when I'm making my dressing. Yeah, that's, oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. That's how I was raised too. Anyway, well, let's get into it. You all, the first topic let's, You know, speak, going back to the Nigerian wedding Ash, You know, you were making some, some, some headlines while you were over there, weren't you? But let me go ahead and read this so we can get the people up to date. Nigerian Weddings Trending or Timeless.


We're diving into a celebration that's taken over timelines, blogs, and wedding vision boards across the globe. Nigerian Weddings from the vibrant fashion to the electrifying energy of the live drummers, these cultural celebrations have become more than just ceremonies. They're full on experiences. Right. Ladies, this past week, our very own Sherell and Ashley found themselves in front and center of one of the most Iconic events. And let's just say the blogs are buzzing. Hmm. Ashley was blown away by the vibe. She's now considering a full Naja style ow renewal for her 10 year anniversary.


But it raises a few questions. We're not afraid to tap into ladies, are we? Mm mm So I see in the comments, let's just ask this question. Is it cultural appropriation or a appreciation when non Nigerians go all in on a traditional Naja wedding? What do you think? Okay, so first of all, I made this story at the end of the night after the wedding explaining how I had such a good time at the wedding. And I said I wanted one because I just loved everything about it.


Mind you, I was also a little tipsy. Okay? Not a little run. I'm celebrating a little tips, a jack bag, a little, You know, just talking. Okay. It's late night, in the middle of the night, I'm just talking. So it was really just me being excited and just, You know, trying to share like how much I loved the experience, how much I loved just being included in such a beautiful celebration. And so maybe my words weren't like perfect or whatever, but I also don't think they were disrespectful. And I think most people understood that.


And I feel like the people that we met and haven't met, just the people of Nigeria in general have just been so welcoming. And so that's why I felt so comfortable even saying something like that because, You know, I, I read the room, You know what I'm saying? They were very welcoming. They, You know, opened their arms to us in ways that I would've never imagined. You know, they really hosted us and really laid out the red carpet for us. So it wasn't, I, I don't feel like it came from a place of, You know, me trying to take something away. It was me feeling included. It was me feeling like I'm I'm one now. Like you were, yeah. I'm part. Yeah.


So that's where, You know, that statement came from it. So for me it's very much appreciation. It's very much like, I love it so much. I appreciate being included. Respect the culture, respect, You know, respect what, what it is like how, how y'all celebrate a wedding. It, it was just beautiful. I didn't mean to cut you off actually. Yeah, no, I agree. Like, it's very much respect. It's very much like, wow, this is beautiful. Like, I'm honored to even be here to witness this, You know? So for me it's not appropriation. And if I were to even, You know, go through with such celebration, I don't think I would mean, You know, taking their culture and trying to take it as mine per se, but just, You know, the way that they do things there, it's beautiful.


And I would want my family and other black people to see something like this. I want them to enjoy it and experience the way we did it. And that would be like my reasoning for even wanting to share something like that, You know? Yeah. You just, it's, it's a respectful way of just saying thank you so much for the love you saw. Just like you described the dresses and the makeup artists and the graphic arts and all these people that were a very talented Africans, You know, and just people that look like you. So I know it just makes you feel, it makes me felt like I'm a part of something because that I'm inside African American culture is not, it's very watered down. I don't really feel like I'm tied to any culture, honestly.


I don't identify with America. I, the only thing I can identify with is slavery because that's all that they teach us about, You know, in school when it comes to our ancestors, You know, they're not teaching us about before then, really. They're just saying, y'all came over here in slave ships and boop, do, do. That's it. And I, You know, I I I wish that I had a, a rich culture to, You know, exactly all that. And I think there's a difference, You know, between appreciation and appropriation. I think appropriation is when you're literally like trying to take from a culture and, You know, wear it or consume it in a way that's not for your own.


Yeah. For your own benefit. And that's just not natural. It's not, it's just Right. You know what I mean? Like, I think there's a big difference. And I'm black. Okay. My people are, if they not Nigerian, they from somewhere close over there. Okay. That's, look, look Ashley, you already know what I'm fixing say Nigerian. Okay. But I'm 43.1. I'm Nigerian girl. Okay. So that's, I gotta, I gotta, I gotta do your, the, the testing that you did, 'cause I guarantee you it's high up there. No, it's DNA. Your DNA is not like mine. So you gonna keep the same? No, I'm, no, but I did a different what, what DNA testing.


You see this is not a competition about who's the most Nigerian. It's not, it's not because I'm technically about 70% African. 'cause I'm Kenyan, Sierra Leone. I need to do mine Nigerian, my dad. So I did a daddy half Jewish though. So Yeah. Majority of mine is in the African. Yeah, yeah. I'm 40. I'm gonna go do mine. I'm gonna do mine. I'm gonna let y'all know how much Nigerian because I know it's in, it's on me. It's in my blood. They feel it. No, we just don't. As African Americans, Ashley, to your point, we really just have, I mean, we talked about soul food earlier, You know what I mean? We have that, that is very American. It's very African American.


But it comes from the fact that, You know, Africans bought over barbecue, for example. So that just kept that going as well as using seasoning and different, just different ways because we got scraps. So we had to use all of the pig. Exactly. All of the vegetables, all of whatever. So whatever. We just made these dishes and then had to put all that good love in there and that good soul in there. So that's how we have soul food. But I get it, we have jump in the broom. I feel like that's an African American tradition in a wedding, but nothing like what, You know, what you guys have seen, You know, it's just, it's just hard to have trying to find that identity. So I understand appreciation because you're like, if, if you wanna hire, there's wedding planners that are, this is all they do.


So you can have your, whatever wedding you want. 'cause I encourage people to do whatever they wanna do. The weddings that happen now are just do what they like somebody else, like probably like white people. Like these are white people traditions, You know what I'm saying? Like, You know, getting married in a no cathedral or, You know what I'm saying? And wearing a white dress, all that, that comes from colonialism. Okay. You know what I mean? So like, why would I not wanna tap into my own roots? I mean I, yeah. Do my research, but I get my first, my first wedding was like that very just like traditional in a, in the sense, and I had to do this. And you have to invite these many people.


And then you have, you have to, you should be spending X amount of dollars and you should be doing this. And half the people I don't even talk to anymore, actually more than half. And then most of 'em aren't bringing gifts anyway. You know, it's just a, it's just, you might as well go do something that you wanna do that you're spending money on that makes you and your, your partner happy. And I, I so turn, I feel like too, if we had, say we did weddings, like how Nigerians do their weddings, it might be more people wanting to get married. I mean, not saying that that should be the reason, but the way that they truly celebrate love, celebrate, like, celebrate. They literally have three, four on a whole nother, they have like three, four weddings.


They have events all week, You know, for the mother of the bride, You know, they have praise and worship. They have events all week long. And to me that's special. That means that they really love and respect and cherish like the union of a marriage. And You know, I feel like Americans at this point now, people are just going to the courthouse, You know what I'm saying? So it ain't nothing to just go to the courthouse and get a divorce. You know what I mean? I feel like if you hold up so much, You know, like getting married is this important to where we need to have four weddings. Like, You know, all the things that they do, it maybe makes you take marriage more seriously and makes you want to be married more.


And I feel like that might be an issue with, You know, Americans are getting married these days because we don't recognize it the same way they do. They really, you can tell they really, they put their all into it. Everything from everything dress. Yeah. And I love that. I res like I respect that. I think that's special. I think that's what it should be like. And then I think I saw, I was reading some of the comments and that's what I, I said if you are an African American and you have not experienced Africa, you definitely need to, because some people were like, why are some of the women out dressing the bride? That's what they do over there.


Yeah. They, the bride out dressed the bride who everybody time the bride wants you to come. It's, it's disrespectful if you come to a, a Nigerian wedding and you're not dressed to impress. I know that's right. The whole goal is to dress to impress. So people who don't know and they're just speaking why this person, like, you really need to understand and experience a Nigerian wedding before you speak on it. On why they do it. Because it's all about fashion. It's all about looks. It's like the, like a whole nother, it's like showing respect. I think. It's like, I want you to show up for me, You know, you need to come look in your best, you need to come with a stack of money.


Absolutely. Like this big, I mean, they was out boxes of money. Okay. And part of the, what you call it, what you, how do you call it? Spraying, they call it branding. So we call it, and they, and they do, they do it. It so respectfully just like this. Yes. Is it pouring like the buck and just like they was hundred. I love that. See that's something that we would need. We would love to have in a a Yeah. But American, like, they had the shook and, and it and look your family and hell, they Right. Picking it up. Put it on the up.


Exactly. Look, they'll run out. They run out with it. You didn't have to worry about that over there. You didn't have at that wedding, you didn't have to worry about nobody picking up stealing your money, baby. Because everybody had that. Everybody had it. Yeah. But it, and it's for the bride in the room. That is hilarious. Yeah. It, it, it's an amazing thing to see. And I'm inspired. That's really what it is. Like I'm inspired and for my, You know, 10 year wedding renewal, like, or v renewal. I, I wanna be inspired for. So, 'cause I can, so I can make it through another 10 years. You know what I'm saying? I need that. I need to see a visual of like, yes, let's celebrate love. Like marriage is a big thing. It is a big commitment. It is spectacular.


Like I need that inspiration. 'cause You know, marriage is forever, honey. So I need to continue to be inspired. And that's exactly what that wedding did for me. If anybody wanted that. Exactly. I love that. It was so, it basically, it set us, it's attending this wedding, set a standard of what you like, you, you aspire to in a way. Just of just how they, everyone showed up, the love, the tradition, the ceremonies, everything. The food. I mean the florals, I mean, first of all, everybody wore the, the day. I think that is mind blowing to me that everybody got the same fla fabric.


Like can you imagine us trying to get everybody the same outfit together? That's hard. And these people literally got the same fabric and then went out and got these beautiful dresses made. I mean, and all and everybody's dress was different and, but beautiful. Wow. Like creative, but then very much cohesive. Yes. Everyone was like, because I feel like I felt let, it has something to do with like the tribal colors or something to do. It does wherever. Yeah. Yeah, it does. But lemme tell you baby, because I don't know how they do it, the dresses, I still have marks on my stomach on my back from the cor set and the dress like snatch like snatch, they snatch like, you are tired.


Like we was walking the car. I almost passed out, I swear to God, because you can't sit down in the car. All was in the car like that. Like we both was. Oh my goodness. I couldn't. And yeah, the next day I was sore. I was like, oh my god, am I'm wearing the damn dress. They really, I still have all erase dress. They snatch you up in Wow. And the, the glee, the Gayle, I don't wanna mess up name. Oh my goodness. It's snatch everything. So Okay. They not playing. They not playing. It's very much, You know, put together.


They snatch you up. You gotta show up and show out at these events. It's very uncomfortable. But it's worth looking. Everybody, everybody. Even like the older women, like the older ladies of the, they look good though. The guests. Oh, okay. Dresses, snatched hair lash, full makeup. I love that. Everybody is just something everybody need to go see. I feel like it was better than the net gala.


Yeah. 'cause everybody had looks and Oh, and how people just walk in. So like the guests would like walk in with like, they entourage and then they like go up to the couple and like give them a gift and stuff. It was just like, this is just, I don't know, it was a show, You know, You know, it's the big wedding when it makes the Shade Room in America and they are showing like, it's a whole award ceremony. Like it's the, the Emmy whatever, You know, it's a big wedding when they're showing the, the outfits of who wore it best, who was dressed nice. You know, it, they showed out. You know, it was an amazing wedding.


So shout out to to that beautiful wedding when I went to the airport and You know how they opened your bags and looked through everything. They saw my dress. They were like, you went to the wedding. I was like, yeah. They were like, 'cause apparently that was the wedding to be at honey. Yeah, it was the golden ticket. Okay. Yes. I'm just grateful. I'm grateful to have experienced it. I really am. What a blessing and an honor. For sure. For sure. I I think it's great to see the pictures. You guys look beautiful. Everyone just look like, like they were sitting in their essence, You know, just very confident and colorful.


So very, I haven't even toasted my stuff yet. I know we may not, I I'm waiting until it calmed down and I'm gonna spike it back up. I like that. I like that strategy. That's, that's good. Just a little reminder like, hey, a little refresh. Okay. They're so good with content there. Like, you think over here people are content creators. No baby over there. They are creating content and they are doing it at a level that is beyond they, first of all, the turnaround rate is crazy. Okay? You take a picture of boom, it's edited, it's to you. Okay? The videos, everything, they show up, backgrounds, lights, cameras, the makeup artists got about four or five assistants.


The hair people got four or five assistants. Like when I tell you baby, they don't play over there when it comes to their work. It's on a level. I, I i American Ashley, is this the, is this the same feeling you had like when you first walked on the campus at A-H-B-C-U of just like seeing excellence and just seeing that, that energy. But yeah, I feel like it's just bringing me back to that. 'cause you are right. This is the only place that I feel like we are kings and queens. We are not the minority. We are the majority and we killing it. So yes, honestly, honestly, I would say this feeling and this experience, I have never experienced it.


And You know, I used to go to the HBCU colleges and everything, but this experience tops all of that. Just like the frugalness and very royal, just very obvious. Yes. Because you're looking at, at, at Black wealth when when people who think of Africa, they don't think of things like this. They don't think of how beauty, how rich, how royal. Yeah. They don't show that. They just, they show. Yeah, they just poverty, You know, they show yes, You know, hungry children, which there are, that is very true. But they're not showing the other parts. There is wealth, there is wealth, there is abundance, there is life, there is business, there is, You know, just so much to Africa.


Inspiration. It's like creativity. This is the hound land. There's so much that Africa has to offer and it's a shame that they don't show up. But that's why I'm hyped up and I'm like, let's, y'all need, please. We, when the wedding, the wedding, yeah. Now you've, you've already seen like where it is right now. So just to take it up another no is gonna be a whole nother listen, our next wedding gonna be our good si. Ch yes you that period. But no, for real. I know everybody is in love with going to Europe, Paris, blah blah, blah. But y'all need to go to Africa. Okay? Go to Africa. Love that. Be around some people that look like you and have a good time.


Go see what it's about. Okay. The ambiance in the restaurants, the clubs, everything is, is top higher here. I love that. It is Love this for y'all. Yes. Yo ki up is, it's Your Boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic, epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before from producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business.


Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the K factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go. Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards.


And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions man, DB and wheezy. Okay, we got the r and B money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast and many more will be on that stage live. And of course it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast. There's A lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed that just isn't Fortunately at t guarantees connectivity you can depend on or they'll make it right at t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply.


Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more. My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard.


I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention, Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, I'm Dr. Maya Schenker. I host a podcast called A Slight Change of Plans. I started this show because unexpected change comes for all of us and there's no set playbook for how to deal with it. I have all of this psychological baggage that I'm carrying with me.


And the last thing I want to do is to pass that on to my daughter. So I have to figure this out, this this puzzle of my trauma. I have to figure it out and I have to figure it out. Now, Join me this season when I talk to Amanda Knox about her choice to reconnect with the prosecutor who helped put her behind bars. This is not about him. This is about me and what I am capable of giving. And I know that I am capable of being kind to this man. And by God I am going to do it. And no one can stop me. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, enough. We gonna let y'all, You know, enjoy our stories and our pictures on our amazing time in Africa. Now it's time to get into our next topic. And it is trending all over social media right now, you guys. And it's kind of like I I, I, You know, Kanye has his, his issues or whatever, but it's like, I feel for him. It's sad that how he's, how he's coming out. But it's so many issues with this and so many people have, have so many black men are dealing with this and are not speaking out about it. So topic two, we're talking about Kanye's confession, trauma, truth or tactic.


Kanye just came out with a, a new song called My Cousins. Yeah, cousins is about my cousin. My cousin that is locked up in jail, locked for life for killing a pregnant lady. A few years after I told him we wouldn't look at dirty magazines together anymore. So apparently Kanye a child, him and his cousin was looking at gay porn and they were imitating what they saw in the porn magazines, perhaps in my self-centered mess. I felt it was my fault that I showed him those dirty magazines when he was six. And then we acted out and we saw my dad had Playboy magazines, but the magazines I found in the top my mom's closet were different.


My name is Ye and I sucked my cousins till I was 14. That's what Kanye tweeted. Did y'all listen to the song? Yeah, I listened to it. It doesn't sound like a song that he was like trying to make a hit though. It sounds like he's trying to like a confessional or just kind of put something on, like that's his way of getting whatever voice out, getting his thoughts out. So he just put it out like that. But it doesn't sound like his other music, You know?


No. And I don't know, I feel like every other week he's doing something. Wow. Right. So it's almost like this is becoming, I, I hope, I mean it's like bittersweet. 'cause you, you hope that he's basically trying to put something out there to like, You know, that was been in his spirit or whatever to let out. I hope it's, You know, you hope it's real just so he can almost get help for it. You know what I mean? But then you hope it's not real because, You know, it's such a heavy topic. So I hope he's not trying to just really trigger other people, but at the same time, in our black communities, we are taught to be silent.


No one talks about anything. We keep it inside, especially black men, to compress it to really just be like, You know, man up, just sweep. Yeah, man up be tough. And so the masculinity side of it is there, there's a lot of our, our men that are just holding a lot of this hurt and pain inside of them and not have gotten it out yet. So I hope that sounds like a, it is bittersweet to say hope. It's, it was true. But, You know, but he's just been saying a lot lately and we're really watching how inspiring. I don't think gay would, I don't think gay would lie about something like that. And honestly, it's kind like a, a big public figure speaking out about that.


It's kind of opening up like, okay, yeah, we know ye has some issues and he say some crazy things on the internet to go viral. But this issue is, is something serious. And I have, I know a lot of friends who have told male black friends who have told me whether how they became gay was by force. You know, they were sexually assaulted their cousins, You know, forced them to do things or their, their uncles or their grandfathers or their even their own dad. Yeah. And they didn't speak on it until they became an adult. And I feel like it's opening a gateway to basically come out and talk about it.


Yes. It's, it's, it can be embarrassing, You know, some people don't wanna talk about it because they don't wanna be labeled as, oh you gave, because you did this Kanye and his lyrics, I'm not a gay man, but this is what I did. I feel like maybe he's exposing himself and putting his, his whole story out there so nobody else can tell his story. Hmm. That's interesting. I think. And you said you, oh, go ahead. I was just gonna say, I think it's interesting that Kanye can continue to do things like this, You know, put things out in the media, say, while things do, while things show up the way he's been showing and everybody's like, what the hell, You know, with, but that's it.


Whereas like, if it was like a Britney Spears or somebody like that, it's like everybody's like, You know, somebody needs to take care of her, take, take away. Like whatever it is, he needs a conservatorship type of thing. You know, like where are his people? You know, why is he allowed to continue to like, be like this? But nobody can control Kanye if, You know, nobody can control. I know. And that's, that's but why is that? Like, I understand, like I see that nobody can control them, but I feel like if it was a woman who was acting out in this way, it would be shut down like quickly, immediately.


And I just find it interesting that Kanye can say the craziest things about Jay-Z, Beyonce, You know, like every something crazy and nobody's stepping in. Nobody is, You know, even punishing him not to that he deserves to be punished. It's just like everybody kind of like, where's the solution to this? What's going on? And they just, it's like, are we just gonna keep letting this happen? Is it gonna snowball into something bigger? You know, are we gonna turn the TV on one day and he's no longer with the, You know, like this is where I'm thinking it's like, usually people step in at some point and it feels like we're watching this man like deteriorate or, I don't know, maybe this is, I don't know what this, what you will call this, but we just watching it like, and letting it happen and nobody's saying anything or doing anything, we're just like, but what can they say or do?


I don't know. Can they? I didn't know, but, but you reached out. Usually I'm just saying when there's like big celebrities that start doing like, like crashing out. Yeah. Crashing out. Somebody at some point, You know, they step in, gotta originally have her with Brittany Fear, she had, she had someone over her, she had someone signed over, like her daddy ran was over everything. So of course he was able to, everything he with Kanye, he, he's his own like, I know, but it got to a point where they took over Britney spear stuff. So that's what I'm saying, like, there's not like anybody around him to like, what they going kill or something, You know, can I get very strategic on what he does?


And I feel like, You know, Kanye knows a lot and they know he knows a lot. So people just let him do what he do. Let him do what he does. And I don't think that's what is what is like, like what is this? Yeah. Is this not healthy care for you? Like they not gonna care who really, who, where, who really cares for him? Who really cares for him to have enough power to be able, I personally, personally don't know. I'm just saying there ha like I don't, I don't know, but I'm just saying like, there has to be somebody that could step in. Like he ain't just out here by himself. Like, well he has a wife.


I mean now Lex, I'm just saying that's where it's supposed to start. Let's start even got her own, she ain't even got her own brain, her family because, sorry, you supposed to, that's not true. I think she's very smart too. I don't see, he was with Kim, like, and Kim's a smart woman. I don't see him being with who was smart. He wasn't crushing, they don't, he wasn't doing half the stuff that he's doing now. And somebody said that that might be because his Kim's mama was making sure he was, had the best doctors and the best medication and the therapist and everything. So maybe right now, right now, if you, if you read the lyric he's on, what's the, what's the laughing gas?


Paul? Oh, ni nitrous or something. Nitrous, yeah. He, it seems like he's, he's hooked on that because in the lyrics, I actually read the lyrics. He said it doesn't make him Yeah, I heard that. What does it I heard that, but I'm just saying like, like you said, he's smart. So I don't see him being what a unsmart lady lady. But I don't know. But you might not have control over him either way. But it, it's, it's sad to see. I'm just, I'm getting ex, it's exhausting. You don't know what's real, what's not real. What's the triggering for others? He has to be careful 'cause he is already just, it's just we're seeing one of ours just really just start to spiral into some kind of way.


And obviously he has a platform. Obviously he's creative, but I, I'm just at a point where it's exhausting. I was, when we were talking about the, like something else a couple weeks ago, it's, it's getting exhausting to the point where you like, I mean, it's not my background to be like, let me go help somebody that keeps giving out signs. Keep, I don't know what the signs are. I, I I just, I disagree with you outta observation. I disagree with you guys. I disagree with you guys on this one. And I just feel like, You know, he came out, he had a powerful vulnerable statement moment and I feel like y'all, like people are judging him based off this song.


I didn't say anything fudge, jojo. I just said, where are his people to help him through this? Clearly he's going through something, but maybe are we going? So, so do you call this crashing out? Because he comes, he come out ly with a song and saying the pattern is, the patterns are, we're just, it's patterns before, but we're speaking on this, this is part pattern, this song. We can't, we can't just take this out of all of it. Like we have to look at it as a whole. And as a whole it seems a little crash outy to me. It doesn't seem like a sane person. It doesn't seem it's giving crash up. It's not giving, I'm gonna, I don't think Warren and make a song and tell the world we were okay with him.


We were okay with him when it was Katrina saying, president Bush doesn't care about black people. He came out and did that. Then the whole thing with Taylor Swift going up and, You know, taking the mic. We've seen, yeah, those are back the time. We're, we're speaking on this, it's getting worse. We're, we're speaking on this. I don't feel like it's this situation, him coming out with this and expressing what he did. I feel like he, this is a way I'm letting it out. I don't think we can separate this from what it's not about separate. It's not about separation. We c we could sit here and judge someone on, I'm not judging him, judge. Someone didn't, I'm not judging him. We can, we can say, we can say they have patterns or whatever, but I feel like at this moment, Kanye is speaking out.


He's expressing what he went through his childhood trauma. This is what I did, but I'm not like this. So now it's opening up doors for men to be able to speak on it. And it's okay, I'm not gay, but this is what I went through. I reenacted what I saw, but I'm not gay. And a lot of people, a lot of young black men have dealt with this and they're afraid to speak up about it. No, I dunno. I mean, nothing helps men. This song helps men come out great, but I still feel like he's crashing out. I don't think it should, I feel like he's having a vulnerable moment and he's, he's speaking out about it.


He's speaking out about something that, he's not talking about anyone else. He's talking about what happened to him. So what about all these other vulnerable moments where he's saying, no one's caring about him, nobody's this. I shouldn't have had kids with his ex-wife. You know, it's just one thing after another. Then he's talking about other people's kids and how they were conceived. It just comes from a Yeah, I understand. He has had, he, he ha has had some moments. He is like, we know there's something going on there. Everyone knows it. But my concern with Kanye right now is about this song and him expressing what he expressed and how it is silence and when somebody are, are able to speak on it, we talk about them, they're going in on him, oh, you gay, you, you put such and such in your mouth, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


But I feel like he's been vulnerable and he expressing himself and I don't, I honestly don't think it's a publicity stunt. I don't think it's a publicity stunt. I just really feel like he's crashing out. Like I just feel like everything is, he, he's not very sane. Like it's not, it doesn't seem like logical, You know what I mean? And I'm not saying that the song like is like we should judge him and call him gay. Like that's none of my, like, I, that's the last thing on my mind when I thought, I'm literally thinking of it as in like y'all, I'm saying in the comments.


Of course. You know, and a lot of the comments be men who it happen to them as well. Right? Very. Because You know, sexual traumas is a real thing, obviously. I just think that it has been suppressed in our, our communities and not just really, I don't wanna say just black communities too, but it's definitely prevalent. We can speak on that obviously. But again, I, I don't, it's no judgment. It's just very much like we are seeing a pattern of just this and we're just like, You know, what's next? You know? And then we're gonna look up, I hate to say it, You know, we don't wanna see him hurt himself one day or something like that.


There. It has to be something that needs to be done. It's just sad. It's just sad to see it's, it exhausting to keep hearing about. It's like he keeps saying this. He keeps saying that. And where, where, where's his help? Maybe this safety, maybe this is him saying, help me. This is what I'm going through internally. So I made this song so y'all know what I'm going through. This is the only way, the best way I know how to express it. And hopefully I, maybe this is his therapeutic help. Maybe this is therapeutic for him, him letting it be known. This is something that happened to me that was very personal and I'm letting it out.


But we can't say he's crashing out because of this. No, I say crashing out this because everything as a whole. But I agree that this is probably therapeutic and maybe it is a quiet for help. And maybe this is him like putting it out there so he can get it off his chest and maybe somebody can help or I don't know. But I think as a whole, it's still a crash. It's crash. It gives crash out. But the song, You know, I hope it does help people. I really do. I hope it does give people, You know, some courage to speak up on their situations. I just, it's not a, it's not a hit, it's not a bob, it's not gonna be played anywhere. This is literally for us to really, wow.


I don't think he, it's like, I don't think he, he put it out there for it to be a hit. Yeah. I don't think I, I don't, I agree. I don't think so. So my question is, is this a powerful moment of vulnerability from a man process and trauma? Or is it another headline grabbing move? I think it's both. Both can be true. Both. Yep. It's been both. To me it's both because it, this has been consistent on his behalf, but at the same time, he has a platform to share it. I, it, it touches me different because I have close friends who, You know, who have been through this and it's, it's like, it's heavy.


I feel like it is, it, it should open the door for, You know, for men, men's mental health and the silent pain. So many, so many black men hold, it's like we should, it should be okay to talk about, even if it's, even if it's coming from Kanye or someone else that we look up to. I feel like this, this right here, it, it should lead to a serious moment for black men to get help and be, and be open to speak on it and heal from it. Yeah. Because it's so many that are suffering from it. It's, it is. And it's, it is not just, You know, male on male. It's definitely women that are babysitters and, You know, the other side of the family that are forcing these, these men into like, having sexual energy early, You know, and taking their, yeah.


I think some rappers just put out about how they, You know, had sex early on, You know, with the older woman. Like that's a lot of men's stories with losing their virginity and, and then they get over sexualized. Exactly. Exactly. So for sure, this is a conversation that definitely needs to be, You know, brought up more often. So I, I agree. I agree. From that standpoint, I just think that Kanye is still very a performative person. So I still think it's, it's both. It's like the boy who cried wolf, You know what I mean? Like they, he was just saying the wolves are, he was the sheep herder and the wolves are coming, the wolves are coming. And everyone was like running to go make sure, and then there was no wolf.


And then when finally when the wolf came, You know, no one was there. So we don't know. Yeah. But is it brave or performative for ye to share something this traumatic through through music? I think it's both. Ain't that what we just said? I think it's both. It's both. It's both brave. 'cause I'm sure he was, I mean, that's brave. That's a brave thing to say. And to say it the way he did, just outright blank period. I don't, I honestly don't think for this. I don't, I honestly don't think any other artist would've been able to get away with something like this.


Music artists would've been able to get away with something like this that is a high profile music artist in the rap industry. Because with ye even he's the only, like Ashley said, he's the only one that can go on a rant and say the most outrageous things. And people still respect him. You're right. He is is the only one that can say something like this reality and have people and still not get canceled. Yeah. 'cause he's a lot of, he, he said a lot of, he, he done hit every, he done hit every, every group. Yeah.


That's why I say it's, it is hard to, if somebody has a past of saying things that were cancel worthy, I don't even believe in cancel whatever culture. But when you say things to offend people so often, and you say things to make headlines so often, I think it does still, it makes something like this come off performative. Even though it can change lives and it can't open the doors for conversations. It's just, it still gives performative. But I mean, if, if that's what it means to, You know, make changes happen and You know, and make people talk, then so be it.


But, You know, you gotta look at who the messenger is. Maybe he's putting it out there before somebody else try to attack him with his deepest dark secrets. My question is, why is it so difficult for men, especially black men to open up about sexual trauma? It's just, to me, it's very generational as far as embedded in our culture in general. Auntie and uncle and them would come on home or somebody would be, it is, it's the war veterans sometimes that came back and they, oh, a cousin over there lost his mind, You know, from the war.


But we just leave him over there. Or it's very much keeping in the house. We are gonna figure this out together. Stay silent. It's just really much be became, I I feel like a, just a generational silent killer of suppressing your thoughts and not having therapy either. You know, therapy has just really been prevalent for the privilege. Like we just grew up thinking it's for the privilege and really knowing that looked like us and really, no, we, it wasn't even for the privilege. What we, when we thought of mental health and therapy and all this, oh you crazy. You ain't crazy. You don't need none of that. It wasn't even if you're gonna go talk to somebody you talking to, yeah.


Or you ain't telling our family business, you're not about to go spread out. It's just generational curses. You'll keep up this, it's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic, epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it.


And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop a mix. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go, let's go. Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions man, DB and wheezy. Okay, we got the RB Money podcast with Tank and j Valentine.


We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion, good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast and many more will be on that stage live. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast. There's A lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed that just isn't Fortunately at t guarantees connectivity you can depend on or they'll make it right at and t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply.


Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more. My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hova was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the God damnedest love story you've ever heard.


I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, I'm Dr. Maya Shanker. I host a podcast called A Slight Change of Plans. I started this show because unexpected change comes for all of us and there's no set playbook for how to deal with it. I have all of this psychological baggage that I'm carrying with me, and the last thing I want to do is to pass that on to my daughter.


So I have to figure this out. This is this puzzle of my trauma. I have to figure it out and I have to figure it out. Now, Join me this season when I talk to Amanda Knox about her choice to reconnect with the prosecutor who helped put her behind bars. This is not about him. This is about me and what I am capable of giving. And I know that I am capable of being kind to this man. And by God I am going to do it. And no one can stop me. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's very much heavy. Have that heaviness. And what, what people are doing is they are really, it's abusive behavior. And so now that it, and it goes off of being physical with your children as far as like, You know, reprimanding them and using, You know, physical force. All these things were embedded in us, especially just because we would be whipped for talking. We would be hung for talking. So it's just, it has just kept, it's, that's just that little vicious silent, You know, energy that is just prevalent in a lot of these households. And now it's like I'm, I feel like almost our generation is more like talkative about it. We're talking about it, we're gonna go to a therapist. We're seeking it out where our children are just like, it's very normal.


Like this is just a part of exercising my brain. So we are really in that space of really starting to break it down. Like really stop it. But it's, to your point, Sharelle, it's very much generational curse in that trauma. It's, it's very prevalent in our communities. I mean, we can speak on it obviously. I'm sure it is in a lot of other communities too. But we know how that is. 'cause we, we, we, we know the people we know, You know, just don't say nothing leaves this house. You feel, you almost feel intimidated, You know what I mean? You almost like, I better not say nothing. You know, I'm gonna be in trouble with my family and we, but see I family to high standard. You know, I correct, I correct.


Sometimes even like the elders in my family when, You know, they still think, oh sh hush boy, stop talking back and no, don't tell him the hush. Let him speak. Let him express himself. Yeah. Because in a respectful way. But when you tell them to hush and not be able to, to respect Wow. To express themselves when they get older, they can't even hold a, a casual conversation. They can't even look a man in his face, eye to eye when they're speaking to him because we're raising them to shut up to be and not speak and look down. Yes, my boys hold your head up, huh? Yes. Look them in they eye when you're talking to them. Yes.


When you have a conversation with me, I want you to look me in my eyes when you're talking to me. Express yourself and lift your head up and your shoulders up high. That confidence. For sure. And another part of that, the other side of it is crying too. You know what I mean? You better not cry. Yeah. You, you a punk, You know, you weak, you soft, all these things Yeah. Are just put and embedded verbally, You know, just like darts into the, in into the spirit of really essentially parents that are now trying to care for kids and bringing that same trauma. But yeah, we, we stopping that we have, we have to break it as parents. And if you, if you are seeing your family or friends or if you're dealing with it, stop it.


Stop telling your kids to be quiet. Stop telling them to stop talking back. Let them express themselves. Yeah. They have a voice, they have an opinion because you're setting them up for failure if you don't allow them to, to express their feelings. You're right. Because look at the boss or somebody. You're right. Like, I'm not gonna talk to them in their eye. I'm not gonna you're right. It, it, it becomes very much, You know, repetitive. Yeah. And, and just to add on, it's to add on to what y'all were saying, You know, it also starts with, You know, telling your children, nobody touches your body. Nobody sees your body.


You know, your body is your body and just being very open about like your body parts, You know, don't be calling it a pocketbook, it's a vagina. You know, it's a penis. You know what I mean? Because once you start giving it little nicknames, it makes it light. And it's not like this is my body, this is my body part. You're not supposed to touch that and be vocal about it. And You know, those are conversations as soon as your baby know, You know? Yeah. Saying what's, especially leaving your child, You know, in somebody else's care. Like they, they need to know. Nobody else touches you there. Nobody else looks at you there. These are conversations that, You know, parents need to have with their children, parents need to have with grandparents, whoever's gonna be watching your children.


You know, and hopefully that will help. You know, so that we don't even have to get to the, You know, childhood trauma, You know, with any kind of sexual, You know, stuff like that. But I agree with what y'all said. It is generational. It definitely starts, yeah, it definitely starts with having those conversations with your children and telling them, speak up. If anybody said you speak up, don't let nobody, but next you went to thinking that it's okay to touch on you. Correct. Exactly. Yes. Very important. Is this something that should have been kept private or does sharing it helped with others?


Sexual trauma? You mean with Kanye or just in general? With Kanye and just in general. I think it's helpful. Helpful. I think it's always helpful 'cause it does spark something that somebody can maybe, You know, if Kanye can do it, I can do it. Just obviously not in his way, but very much like, let me say something now, You know, I hope that it does that. 'cause they're like, everyone does look at Kanye, You know, to a point where he is not genius and very much creative. But at the same time it's like, You know, as Iconic, very much in our, in our generation and in just in our world in general, he's up there. So I feel like it does help out that this guy, 'cause I, I can't remember who said it before, but like no one's ever said, done a song like this of his high caliber, You know, of his, of his talent and so, and of his platform.


So this is a big deal. So again, I hope it does spark something in anyone who's been a abused to be like, You know what, it needs to come out because all we're doing is hurting ourselves when we keeping in. Yeah. I don't think it should have been kept private because obviously like we're even talking about it now and somebody might be watching this now and even though, You know, to me I feel like he's crashing out. At least our conversation around it is a little bit more logical and more in depth and, You know, maybe they can pull something from it and just having this conversation might make them feel comfortable with bringing it up and talking about it or seeking help. So I definitely don't think it's something that should be kept private.


You know, I think always seeking help for anything that you're going through that's, You know, disturbing your mental let it out. Because keeping it in isn't is nine times outta 10 is not gonna help. Yeah. And don't feel embarrassed speaking on it. That's my suggestion. Especially with, You know, what has gone on. We ho we all hold so much in with childhood trauma and it affects, affects us when we're adults. So if you are dealing with any type of situation with childhood trauma, whether it's man or man, You know, a woman touched on you, whatever it is, I feel like you definitely should seek some, some type of help to get through it.


Yeah, yeah. I agree. Because it's definitely a trickle effect. You know, if you, if you don't stop it and just suppress it, then it trickles down to your, your seed. Yeah, that's true. Well we hope Kanye gets the help that he needs. I think he needs help and I hope he gets it. But I'm glad You know that we can have this conversation around it and hopefully other people are having conversations about it and it helps somebody. Yes. Yes. Yeah. All right y'all, it's time to get into our next segment. It is Adding Business Financial Wisdom. We have been getting a lot of suggestions on basically about business talk, on how we save money, how we travel so much, how we're able to do all these things.


So we decided to bring in a business segment, financial wisdom. So our first topic wi is secure the bad badies finance talk. Batty budgeting took me a long time to get to this point. Yeah. But I'm here and I'm still working on my budgeting. So we gonna talk about how to glow up without going broke. Okay. Like if, if we can't budget, y'all know how we like to spend, how we like to travel, how we like to shop, how we like to do all these things. Gotta make sure our finances are aligned. Right? Yeah. So my first question to y'all, what's the most ridiculous thing you've ever blown a check on and instantly regretted it?


Hmm. That's a good question. I mean, it would have to be a bag for me. Oh yeah. Yeah. 'cause I don't, I don't do that anymore. I'd rather spend like, just like a high, like a high-end bag. Like a Hermes or a Chanel definitely. But like, I, I did that a long time ago, You know what I mean? It was just very much just like whatever. So now it's more like what could I have done with spending that amount of money on something else? Or it could have been for travel. 'cause now that's what it, it is for me, You know, for experience or something that I can have in my mind or help me educational wise.


So I, I would feel, I think that it would be something like that just like overspending on a, I feel like I don't normally overspend, but what I'm still working on is spending my money on food. Like going out to eat. Yes. Like I feel like that's where all my money goes. It's a lot like, I don't know, like I wanna go out here eat, I wanna have all the wine I wanna have, I wanna order off the menu. I'm gonna try everything. I wanna have to start, go out, You know, I wanna do brunch and I wanna do brunch that turns into dinner. You know, it's like, I don't know. All my money just goes to these restaurants and it gets expensive.


Yeah. Dining for sure and entertainment. Throw them concert tickets in there too. Yeah. So I feel like, yeah, at the end of the day when I look back at where all my went and it's all ooh, I'm like, damn. Like it. I get mad a little bit 'cause it's like I could have just cooked at home, You know? And, and, and that it is cheaper to get groceries. But now we are in this and the food be better when you cook of course, but, and you have more. But like if you look at it now, eggs are eight, $9. Exactly. You know what I mean? But we're gonna Ashley, we're gonna Ashley House to get our eggs. Yes we are. Yes. I'm like, I need a dozen please. But I really have to living.


I really today I want blue egg. You did? No, I'm telling you. Oh, I'm coming to your house today. Oh yeah. I'm gonna have, I'm gonna have all the colors, girl. All the colors. But yeah, I think, I think for me the most ridiculous thing I spent my money on and it wasn't, I mean it's still a lot. It was like I spent almost $900 on makeup and y'all know down with wear, makeup, makeup. And I'm like, yeah, who the hell did I spend all this money on this makeup? Just like everything for the full beat. The full beat plus extra stuff. You know, they this when you don't even makeup.


This looks before makeup artists were makeup artist. This was when everybody, y'all remember when we used to go to Mac and get our makeup done? Yes. Mac kinda set your appointment. They were like, get your eyeliner, get your this brown. Yes. Get this, you got your whole kit from Mac. The whole kit from Mac. That girl made a good, that's a good guy. I get home, she got me good. I'm like, You know, did I buy all this makeup? I don't even do my makeup. Yeah. Got So I, that's probably the biggest, it's not a big check, but I, the one I felt the most, I'm like, why the hell did I spend it? My money? Yeah. It's a waste.


I like that. I, I'm, I agree with Ashley too. It's, it's definitely food. Yeah. Like you look up, you look up when they, you get them itemized lists and you are like, what? Because You know, you, we, 'cause we, You know how we'll do it, it'll be a lunch. Yeah. That'll turn into a dinner bar between got the check. Yeah, we done got the check. Then you go, you like end up somewhere down the way and you're like, we starting all over again. Then we got driver driving us the streets of 20. Yeah. The Ubers and the, and we in Miami. So you already know like it was like a day out is a thousand dollars at the end of the I have. Yes. That's why it's very important on budgeting.


Yeah. Making sure that you budget your week out, budget your month out. And I sometimes I get a little sidetracked and I'm like, okay, You know, I'm just going get back on. But then when I get back to paying bills and start looking at what I spent, because I do have an app that I use and I'm like, God dang, I spent all this money on this. Yeah. I know you, you not paying about, you just, you just swiping. Or I'll look at my am Amex statement and You know, it has the whole circle and it and over a half the pie out for food. Good one. That's the one. Yeah. That's like the kids, like kids are in trouble 'cause they like to Uber, You know, convenience costs money too.


Yeah. I'm ba you, I have to admit I be Uber and eats Uber Eats. But is it Uber Eats? Yeah, Uber Eats. Instacart is horrible. Instacart. Yeah. Now when Covid was going on, the Instacart had me in a choke hold. I mean Covid was over and I was still Instacart and like getting Covid and I was like, bitch, you gotta stop doing that. Go the store. When you go to the grocery store, you go to the grocery store, you like, you spend $50, your Instacart bill is $2. Like what? I had to, I had tota, Instacart, I had to get. Well Instacart does is add tack on their price. So let's say it's like a service charge.


A juice. A juice is 3 99. They're gonna charge 6, 9, 9 for a juice because they taking, they cut off of it plus the delivery freak. Yeah. That one had me in a choke hold. I had to, I had to cut that out asap. Yeah, right there girl. Right? Yes. But I feel like everyone is getting in that space just because of what administration we're in right now with the unknown of how prices, You know, with the tariffs and things like that going, you tariffs are scary. It is scary. So you almost think we, we've gotten so used to things being imported and to the point of like, I feel like people are gonna start realizing like your nails, You know, you start looking up that's a hundred and You know, 150 every other week or whatever your case may be.


People are gonna start doing their nails at home or certain things, their hair, Hey I got myx kicked now. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It took like, I'm gonna start doing nails on the side. It's just the thing. Yeah. Doing your own hair, doing your own nails, doing your own thing. Just be even gym memberships. Think little things like that. People are gonna start scaling back. I have a feeling just because, so you can still have these luxuries. It might not be where you can go and have a gym membership somewhere, but you can definitely can go and walk. You can definitely have a bike. You can definitely do some other things. So I know there's, there's just, there's two ends of it where you don't have to overly spend. Yeah. But you can be very efficient.


When I'm, when I'm running out of money, I definitely, the first thing for me is I'm gonna do my own hair. I'm gonna do my own hair. I ain't got to the point where I'm gonna do on my own nails yet. 'cause I love tix and my nails and my nail. I know my nails stay on point, but my hair is like, literally if I'm on a budget, I'm like, okay girl, you gonna have to pull out, pull out your flat iron, okay. And give yourself an hour or two and just knock it out. So for me, that's the way that I, You know, when I need to save a little money is definitely one of the things that I will cut back on. For sure. And then obviously not going out to eat.


That's much. Yeah. For me, I'll be like, okay, on the weekend it's only, You know, something like that. Yeah. I, I remember one time it was everyone's birthday was every like every week we were going somewhere and I was, and then it was like probably like Christmas, Thanksgiving, like from that period of like, right like November and then all of December and then right after that January we were just like nonstop, You know? And I'm just like, woo. There it goes. Yeah, the money's going away. But budgeting, that's why, that's why it's very important. It's very important to budget and ways to help with, I feel like ways to help with budgeting is your credit card.


Do offer a free app. One of the apps that I use is Mint. It tracks everything and it also link your bank accounts and as well as your, what you spend as well as your credit score. So Mint is easy for tracking. And another one that I heard about, I haven't start used it yet. I don't know if you guys, you ladies heard of it. Cleo, for the girlies who want to assess with their saving Cleo is, I never heard of that one, but Tip, I never heard of that one. I'm have to try it out. But tips with, with the, with the saving and budgeting. Start with the 50, 30, 20 rule. 50 goes towards your needs, 30 goes towards your wants and 20 goes towards your savings.


Some people may switch up the numbers, but that's the regular, that's a good breakdown. Yes. Okay. Going into soft life versus smart life. Preach yourself, but make it make sense. Okay. That's what I need to work on. Treat it myself, but making it make sense. 'cause my as be ready to, I treated myself to a trip to Paris in June, but I'm gonna be in the private, the, what's it called? The premium economy. But at least you, you don't worry there. I'm gonna be there. Don't worry, Ashley. I'll bring you, I'll bring you snacks there. Okay. No, you get, you and, and premium economy, you still get wine.


Okay. You still get snack, so I'm gonna be good. Okay. But I wasn't paying 10 K not this time. No. 10 K is 10 crazy outta Paris is crazy. This ain't my first time gonna Paris child. I'll see it when I get there and be asleep. Yeah. So Ashley, when you, when you book, when you book your flight to Paris, did your wallet cry when you spoiled yourself on your No, not in premium. Me kind of, my wallet would've been crying. If I had a book, the first class for $10,000, then I would've been crying. The wallet would've been crying. The pilot would've been crying. Everybody would've been crying. Okay. But we gonna be happy.


I feel like my wallet still cried. I, I mean, so we're, so we are going to go to Beyonce concert in Paris. And I was like, we, when the tickets came out, we booked the tickets, got 'em away, booked our hotel room, and I, we was in Africa. I was like, Ashley, we haven't booked our flight yet. What we gonna do? Expensive. But it's a whole lot better than 10 K. France is very expensive. Like even just the hotels to be centrally located, You know? Oh, I budgeted. Okay. A lot Maurice, because for 10 K child, we can do a whole bunch with 10 K.


Yes, you can. Yes. A whole new career. I like to travel. So it, it is, even if I might not be in first, it's definitely like I'll splurge on the hotel view if we're, if we're by ocean and I, I like to see the ocean if I'm traveling, that is more important to me than how I will get there. Yeah, yeah. I have to be comfortable though. I cannot, like I have bad knees and I just can't. If it's a long flight, yeah, I just can't do it. I'm gonna have to be very comfortable. But, but the seats that we book are comfortable, it's the one behind Delta one, right? Yeah. Yo, keep up is it's your Boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic, epic, epic.


Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before from producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next.


So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go. Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions man DB in wheezy. Okay, we got the RB Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast and many more will be on that stage live.


And of course it's bigger than podcast. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast festival. There's a lot in life that feels like it should be guaranteed that just isn't Fortunately at t guarantees connectivity you can depend on or they'll make it right at and t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee to learn more. My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war.


J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Dr. Maya Shanker. I host a podcast called A Slight Change of Plans. I started this show because unexpected change comes for all of us and there's no set playbook for how to deal with it. I Have all of this psychological baggage that I'm carrying with me. And the last thing I want to do is to pass that on to my daughter. So I have to figure this out. This is this puzzle of my trauma. I have to figure it out and I have to figure it out. Now Join me this season when I talk to Amanda Knox about her choice to reconnect with the prosecutor who helped put her behind bars. This is not about him. This is about me and what I am capable of giving.


And I know that I am capable of being kind to this man. And by God I am going to do it. And no one can stop me. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. They still give us the alwin we want everything. We gonna be good to see. Go back a little bit. They don't come back all the way, but they not a sleeper. Yeah, it ain't a sleeper baby. You can put your head back. That's all I do. Listen them them, them tickets were still expensive.


They was like 45 they hundred still high just for that. It was still high, but 10 K baby. Yeah, no, can't do it. I'm trying to go back to Nigeria later this year. So Daddy, December Lex, you gotta come with us. I will. We can't, we can't mix. Let you mix Miss out on the Lex trip since, since y'all been there. You know, let You know the lay of the, the, You know, the groundwork is done. I, it's easier now to just show up, You know what I mean? Hope You know I'm not a citizen by the time you come. I know that's wrong. Me too. I have my, I'm gonna have my Nigerian passport. By the time you come, please I will back.


I wanna go because now you guys, you guys, you do know enough people now to where it can be. It's you show us, show us it safe. It ain't enough people. We know the right people. Right. I know You know. Right. People not that none. All right you guys, let's go into the next one. Building that that s in plan, when it's time to bounce, whether it's from job or a lease, how to plan your money moves before you dip. This is one that I can relate to and you guys are gonna be shocked when I tell you guys this. What I did to transition from the army into my real estate company, okay?


So I had a side hustle and some of the side hustle tips before I go into it are monetizing skills you already have, right? In beauty admin, digital work. So when I was transitioning out the military, one of my confessions was my side hustle was being a Uber driver. See you picking me up and not Uber. I swear I had a, I had a I like that. Listen y'all, I was a hustler. I had a, I was working for re max ba, Bayside, I was still in the military. I would literally, I can talk about it now 'cause I ain't in the military. Y'all can't get me now. I would literally bring, listen, I would literally bring two patrol caps to work and I would leave one on my desk.


'cause our compound was so big. So I would leave one on my desk to act like I was still at work and I would Oh, like you went to the bathroom or something? Yeah, like I went to the bathroom or I went to the other building lunchroom or something and I would leave. So I would leave one on my desk and I would leave work lunchtime. If I'm not going to close on the house, I would go Uber drive, like pick up and, and in that area, Bayshore and all that, that's where the, the money at they would tip good. So for a good, what, six months before I opened up my brokerage, I was hustling Uber, driving, using my commission checks. I used one of my commission checks to start up my real estate company.


I registered my business. I, it took $1,200 just to start up my real estate company. I registered my business, I found a office lease that was a nice little size where I could put me a nice desk decorated. And that was $600 a month. And I got my whole little startup. So I spent a total of 1200, got my, my insurance and then I just started marketing. And I would use that money once I had everything set up and I was able to move into and transition into my, my real estate business, I stopped Uber driving. But that was one of the things I did to help me be where I'm at today. I love that humble beginnings.


Yeah. You are a humble, okay, so how, how did you, okay, so then when did You know like you were gonna be done with the army and you were ready to fully like transition into real estate? So a lot of people, I speak on it sometimes, but I do, I was diagnosed with PTSD and I had a bad back from jumping outta the airplanes and You know, being deployed to Afghanistan twice my ears, I was just jacked up and one day my daughter was like, mom, you're not the same person anymore. I used to have world rage, rage and everything. And I was like, I'm not the same person I was anymore.


Like the military really changed me. And I went to go, You know, talk to a therapist. At first I was like, you don't know what I've been through. How you gonna tell me what I'm going through? Like very defensive about it. And I gave it another try and I had a talk with myself. I said, if I'm not fully a full leader to lead my soldiers, if I'm not a hundred percent well and not fully capable to lead my soldiers, I wouldn't want a leader like that. So now it's time for me to, to, You know, I've, I've done my job, I did what I had to do.


So I went to go get therapy, You know, poke through everything that I went through in the military and they, my, my doctor suggested that I medically meant for it. So I medically retired after serving 12 and a half years. And it was probably one of the best decisions I made because I feel like a lot of people just stick in that situation or stick in that position, that job because they're comfortable and it's a easy check and it's not fair and it's not right for, especially if you're a senior non-commissioned officer and you're leading soldiers because you're not guiding them, you're not leading them in the right direction where they need to go because your mind is not there.


So for me, I didn't wanna be selfish and I knew it was time for me to hang it up. Okay. Wow. So were you also like financially like stable enough, You know, based off of like having the side hustle and what you had saved up already? Or like was you just like, I'm finna just do it and figure it out? Like was you already? I mean, I was guaranteed, You know, in the military it's guaranteed income, it pays your BAH, you get food allowance. It was a comfortable income. No, I wasn't able to live the lifestyle that I'm living now. But I was comfortable, yes, I was scared once I transitioned because I'm, I'm transitioning to be a entrepreneur, my own boss and I didn't have anything else to de depend on.


It was just me, me taking care of my kids. So it was scary, but I couldn't look at it like that. It just made me work harder and go harder after what I really wanted. And my ego was high because I wanted to prove people wrong. Like, who was like, you're crazy, you're getting out after 13 years, what are you gonna do? You'll fail. Like I was hearing all those things. So it was my point to prove people wrong who were telling me that I was crazy for doing it. So I really didn't look at it as I knew I wanted to be successful. So I focus more on that than worried about what if, what if this happened or what if, because it's gonna happen. You're gonna fail at times, but it just makes you work harder.


And that's what I did. Okay. It all worked out. It worked out child. I'm living my best life now. We love that. So the next one, do y'all have any side hustles, hustle tips? It don't have to be now, like when y'all was younger or, well, I'm about to start selling these eggs. That's a good one. I always think it's always just good to pro. Like take classes. There's a lot of free online classes too, so it's just whatever you can to just keep your brain wired to just like what's next.


You know, it's always a learning curve. Like even just learning something like, You know, just let's just say something like, I don't know, I'm just thinking editing something. Or it could be, it's just so many different things you can learn and have a side hustle on the side, You know what I mean? And get some residual income. I do feel like it's necessary for those that need, You know, another income where they could do it from home or just whatever you're good at. So I just like to always educate myself on something. Use these free classes, get advice from those and just really just do your best to like really perfect yourself of who you are and keep your brain like functioning and just trying to improve yourself.


I think those are some, some keys too, You know? Yes. Well that's great. I'm glad we were able to discuss a little business into our segment because people need to learn. People wanna listen, people wanna know our story. So let's go into our last segment of the night and it is, before we get into our humble Betty's mail, it is confession, Listener confessions, questions. What would a Betty answer? So you, you guys know, every week we're gonna start an taking questions. There are stories. So if you have a question, make sure you follow us on IG to ask your questions. Our producer will randomly pick five questions and we, we will respond to it.


So let's get into it. Ashley, you wanna read the question? Okay, question number one, can a man be too emotional or are women just conditioned to avoid vulnerability? Can a man be too emotional or are women just conditioned to avoid vulnerability? I think it's all about tone. So anybody can be emotional, even male or female. I think it's just about tone being aggressive or being very mild. Whatever your tone is or being, You know, disrespectful or passive aggressive, whatever the case may be.


To me it's tone. But that would be, I think he is knowing how to express yourself, knowing how to express your emotions because You know, you don't wanna be emotionless, you don't wanna be with somebody who has no emotions or doesn't know how to show emotion. So I think just knowing how to express it and showing it in a healthy way, being able to communicate what your feelings are, being able to, You know, if you're frustrated, being able to, You know, say that you're frustrated but still being a very respectful person, You know, it's just all in out, like you said, tone. Yeah, that's good. We were gonna read five, but we gotta wrap it up.


Five questions, but we gotta wrap it up. So let's get into the humbles, batty, humble, batty male, and next time if y'all have any questions, we gotta make sure we were able to answer 'em. So Alexis, you wanna go ahead and take over the humbles? Sure. Hi ladies. Okay. I love your show podcast and I'm a huge fan of each of you as women and baddies who are thriving and doing it so well. I'm a, I'm 36 years old. I'm currently renting my place here in Chicago. I love, love, love my apartment. It is my first apartment on my own without a roommate and I have created a little home and it's so convenient for my job, leisure, et cetera.


One month ago I was told my rent was gonna go up by $400. I tried to nego to negotiate a slight increase and was told no, I'm torn between staying here and paying the increase, which would make me be on such a tight budget and that is not how I want to live. My other choice would be to move back in with my parents. I have budgeted and could probably save 15 K in six months if I do. So. That is hopefully I can buy my own place, but I'm risking my independence inconvenience that I made my parents live one hour away. Moving here four years ago, I envisioned having a found a partner to split costs, move in together, et cetera.


It almost happened, but didn't work out. What would you decide to do? I'm torn between staying and feeling so feeling so tight with money and staying another year hoping to find a partner. Or do I move in with my parents, save money and then come back six to nine months from now? Well, ladies, my advice to anybody who has the option, the privilege of staying with your parents so that you can save money so that you can purchase a home of your own. I say that is always gonna be for me, my number one choice.


Like, and advice. I think that, You know, especially like in the black community, we're always like, oh, you 18, you gotta get out. You know, find your, You know, figure it out. Save your money, do what you gotta do, get a roommate. We woo do woo. Like, we just kind of push our children out into the world to figure things out and You know, to struggle. And I think that nowadays the conversation is a little bit different. You know, we don't want our our children to, to struggle anymore. Like, yes, we want them to be able to go off into the world and be able to, You know, take care of themselves and be successful and, You know, be able to be out in the world without, You know, us having to do everything for them.


But the world is not set up for that. Like the way things cost these days. It's impossible for you to, if you in college, you can't go out here and, You know, make a living nine times outta 10, you're gonna be in debt from college. You know, rent is sky high and You know, I, You know, we're in real estate and I will always tell people like, you're throwing your money away, paying rent, paid that money. If you had the, the, You know, privilege to be able to live with your parents, You know, help them out around the house, maybe give them, You know, some money here and there for whatever, You know, I'm not saying like be a freeloader at all.


What I'm saying is stay at home, first of all, that's the safest place you could be anyway. So for me, like that's always gonna be like safety. Like, I don't know. I'm always gonna say, be your parents. Yeah, your parents ain't gonna be here forever. What's the rush? My babies ain't gonna be babies forever, so what's the rush? I'm not trying to push 'em out into the world, like, stay home, save your money, use that money for, You know, your down payment on your own place instead of, You know, trying to pay for rent. 'cause that's a waste of money. So that's what I would tell, You know, our humble batty, that's good advice reader. To me, that's the best option. Save your money. It might be a little uncomfortable for a little while, but to me that's the best thing to do, for sure.


Yeah, that was, that was great advice. Thank you Ashley. Yeah, well we hope you take our advice from our humble Betty Ash. What was her name again? Did she say? She didn't say it is just, she's from Chicago. From Chicago, unknown. Send from Chicago. Until next time you guys, that is the end of our show. Thank you guys for watching tuning in. If you have any questions, suggestions, or just want any advice from us, make sure you guys hit us up at contact at Humble Baddies dot com. Our producers will make sure that you get it. Make sure you follow us, subscribe, like, tell your family, tell your friends, go over to YouTube and hit that subscribe button.


Until next time, make sure you follow me. I'm Sharelle Risto underscore on Instagram. I'm Ash Nicole on Instagram. And I'm Alexis Meyer on Instagram and follow Humble Daddy's podcast. Until next time, guys. Where at Goodnight, The other cultures for reggaeton historian, public scholar and recording artist.


Yes, that means I've done the work on my show, the Regata Gata podcast. I'm not only talking to Flo who has the number one reggaton track in the world right now. I'm also going beyond per to speak with music in Innovat like Lion Now who is known for Liora Tracks and collaborating with artists like Bob Bonnie. We're also giving you the culture breakdown straight from the story. Listen to on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Here's the deal. We gotta set ourselves up. See, retirement is the long game. We gotta make moves and make them early set up goals. Don't worry about a setback, just save up and stack up to reach them. Let's put ourselves in the right position pre-game to greater things.


Start Building your retirement plan@thisispretirement.org, brought to you by a p and the Ad Council. This season of revisionist history, we're investigating everything from the secret behind the perfect nooks and crannies in Thomas's English muffins to the merits of Paw Patrol against its critics. There's some things that really piss me off when it comes to Paw Patrol. It's pretty simple. It sucks. My Son watches Paw Patrol. I hate it. Everyone hates it except for me. Listen to revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. The number one hit podcast, the girlfriends is back with something new.


The girlfriends spotlight, where each week you'll hear women share their stories of triumph over adversity. You'll meet June, who founded an all female rock band in the 1960s. I might as well have said, we're gonna walk on the moon, But she showed them whose boss They would rush up and say, not bad for chicks, Come and join our girl gang. Listen to the Girlfriend Spotlight on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.