
Hey y'all. It's your girl Cheeky, and I'm back with a brand new season of your favorite podcast, cheeky and Chill. I'll be sharing even more personal stories with you guys, and as always, you'll get my exclusive take on topics like Love, personal Growth, health, family Ties and more. And don't forget, I'll also be dishing out my best advice to you on episodes of Dear Cheeky, it's going to be an exciting year And I hope that you can join me. Listen to Cheeky and Chill season four on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skar, Sabine Ren, specter five. I'm Taylor Gray As a Bridger Specter Six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowe moderator. Each Week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom voices, za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. So Hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue The music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are your ears bored? Yeah. Yeah. Are you looking for a new podcast that will make you laugh, learn and say Yeah. Then tune into Loca Tora Radio, season 10 today. Okay, Now that's what I call a podcast. I'm the, I'm Maah, The host of Loca Radio, a radiophonic novella, Which is just a very extra way of saying podcast. A podcast podcast. Listen to URA Radio, season 10 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called The Edge of Daybreak recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The air To daybreak eyes of Love was supposed to been followed up by another Apple. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo. Yo Yo, everybody. What's good? Good evening and welcome to another episode of Humble Betty. Hey y'all. Welcome. What's up? I'm your girl. Alexis Meyer. I'm Sheree Al. And I'm Ashley Nicole. And we, And we are been up to, I haven't seen y'all in a while. What's everybody been up to this past weekend? The last few days? Ashley And I had us a good time last night. I mean, not yesterday. Yeah. We had went to, did the open house actually has a nice house on that's on the market right now.


And then it was raining. We was like, girl, let's go get us something to eat and drink. We got stuck at the brunch spot. Gotcha. Stranded. We got stranded at the Oh, oh no, that was stranded you said? Yes. Yeah, I got stranded because it started raining and they wouldn't give us our cars. So I said, let's go back to the boar. Oh. Anyhow, but another drink or two, we were drinking away. I mean that doesn't sound like a bad being stranded type of situation, You know. Might as well cheer the back up. We, we needed that time to catch up. 'cause your ass been on the move. My love. Okay.


Re and moving. So You know, what's new? What's new re rel what's you got going on? I mean, I was on tour. We know where we what, You know, doing. We know, we know Build a tea. I mean, I wasn't doing, I was handling business, You know. Okay. Just business. No pleasure. Just business. No pleasure. Okay. She's a lady of her business. But you gotta be able to, You know, balance both business and pleasure. Whether it's a big night out, what is pleasure, pleasure is having company, You know, or being company, being in company, being in the presence of other people who are not there for the for of Yeah.


Business. The, the ple of love. I'm trying happiness and joy. I'm trying joy and time. Unfortunately, if I did have any pleasure, y'all would not know. No, I'm joking. I'm out. Out. If that was pleasure, y'all know y'all would be the first one, but it wasn't no pleasure. It was great business. No, cutting. Alright. Alright. But as long as you have a good time, You know, and, and enjoy it. I'm, I'm not mad at it. You got going on sexy Lexi. I had an empty house so I left. I had friends that were Like, You know what, come through, let's hang out.


And I did. And it was the best weekend I've had in a long time of just pleasure and not really, it's no business. 'cause I am out of school, no business, culinary school for spring break. Okay. No kids, none of that. Yeah. Because they were coming off of spring break. Need a break. Break. I do. And I feel like I'm gonna start saying yes more when people are like, yo, come through. Come hang out. Yeah. Let's, let's celebrate life because that's what it's about. And You know, I'm being really conscious of who I'm taking the time with and spending that time with. You know what I mean? So it's really, it was really refreshing just to relax. Ha have a good time, go to brunch, eat, chill out, all that kind of stuff.


Yeah. Feels good. Well, I just added 10 more mouths to feed to my household. 10. Yeah. I got 10 babies. Oh no. What kind of babies you got over there? 50 for no eggs? No mom. Exactly. Oh my goodness. I officially a chicken lady. I got me 10 baby chicken. Yay. Yes. And I'm so happy. I feel like a new mom. I think I'm, I think I might be a little jealous actually. Are you? Don't be jealous. Yeah. Well I'm gonna have to come over and see. I've always wanted to, she need a sitter in a couple of weeks, so Oh, no time help take care of my chickens.


'cause Sharelle is trying to steal me away, so. Oh yeah. I wanna come through and pat my chickens. 'cause I want my chickens to be happy loving chickens. Like, You know, healthy. Like this is a fair exchange. They're a part of the family, You know what I mean? I'm not just gonna be taking they eggs. They are, You know what I mean? Yeah. My family members are they, I got Are they four eggs? Yes, they're four eggs. So, okay. I got 10 baby chicks. They're all like two around two weeks old, but, so they won't lay eggs till like August. Oh wow. That fast. That's fast. Bitch, y'all want eggs tomorrow? Well, I'm saying if they're babies now and then in August they can have ba they they can have babies.


So cute. Took a long time to be feeding and 10 mouth then they not giving me no eggs back, but You know, it is what it is. I'll let them grow and develop or whatever. You have one rooster? No, I didn't get any rooster. Well actually, I don't know if any of them will turn out to be roosters, but you don't need a rooster. You don't need a rooster. Oh. So, okay, so I'm learning. I didn't know I the chicken just, I actually gonna give us a, they just have eggs without. Yeah. So the hens will lay, they just won't be fertilized. And you only need a rooster if you wanna have fertilized eggs. Oh, okay. Like if you baby. Yeah. Are they loud right now? Like they chirp and like make noise? Chirp. Yeah. Yeah, they chirp but it's real cute right now.


It's gonna get louder later. You should have brought tell filled them the brain ones so we can see it. They not here. They not here. When they get here, they will girl. My kids. Oh my goodness. The chickens. I was just about to ask, You know, the boys and they're so happy. It's like black boy joy over here. Like it is so beautiful to see them like excited about something that's not, You know, an iPad and not a video game. Correct. Not a roll book. So like to see them outside enjoying like nature and enjoying something that is a passion of mine. Just, I'm about to, I, serenity And I are gonna come over tomorrow so she can play with that. So many. Yeah.


Oh, she gonna chase. Oh my god. I'm calling everybody. I'm gonna start charging people though. $10 a pet. Y'all wanna pet my babies? $10, 10. Starting a little pet speaking, speaking of babies. I love that. In pregnancy. Let's talk about our girl co LaRay. She has been in the block for, You know, responding to a fan. Her birthday is coming up, she's gonna be 28 years old. She looks amazing, but she looks great. She asked for advice on X. She asked her fans to give her advice stepping into this new chapter. And one of the fans clapped back, came and said basically something about you, you should have a better choice of choosing your child's partner daddy.


But her, so she was asking, You know, she was asking for advice and that was what they said back to her. That was their advice saying, yeah, no, that's messed up because how come, how come? It's always the lady who is like, it's her fault. Like it's her fault that, You know, she chose wrong or the situation didn't work out. I think that's a very judgmental way to go about it. The, the comment was don't get pregnant by dudes that don't really care about you. Guess that should have been last year's advice too. Next time, next time. I mean what and how fun.


Already know that. Okay. I feel like we man, we we know, but You know, we be falling in love or we just having fun or whatever the case may be. But it's both, it goes both ways. And it doesn't matter. Like once you realize like you have sex and there's a baby coming, it doesn't matter on both parts. Everybody has to step up to the occasion. So we can't like blame the lady on what the man is and ain't and what he's capable or ready or not ready to do. Right. I felt like I, I feel like us as women, we get everyone. Like that's just people in general. You give everyone a, a clean slate, a fair chance because every experience is different.


Right. So her going into this, she's a woman where emotional creatures, she's thinking Like, You know, a man goes, You know, they, they don't don't show their true colors all at once. Like they're gonna wind and dine you when you first meet. So she's thinking like, okay, I, You know, I love him. We about to have a baby, but things, You know, the truth really comes out in her situation. But I feel like we all go through those things or we all have the experience that, so for that fan to try to judge her based off of, You know, because she, I feel like we all be knowing better though. I feel like we really all like growing up, You know, we all know better. Like, don't mess with that boy, don't mess with him.


Don't talk to him. This is the kind of man you should be with blah, blah, blah, blah. But until you're like in that situation, yes, it goes out the winter. Like you can't be judging people because like we all do things that we know better should do better. And we do it. Don't touch the pot, it's hot. But you gonna go there and be like, put your finger there and be like, lemme touch it out myself. You gonna go touch it? Lemme see how hot. It's Exactly. Exactly. I I've learned that when you tell somebody not to do something, that's when they want it anymore. Exactly. And you don't wanna, like, who goes into a situation and be like, yeah, You know, I'm gonna get pregnant And I know he gonna leave. Like, who's, who's even thinking like that And You know, and shame on the fans for really going down on her right now.


This is a sensitive time with her body, her mind, her soul. Everything is new. This is her first pregnancy. Exactly. So it's just like the, the audacity is at an all time high. No one is choosing not to be with their partner that they had a, they conceiving with do things happen. Absolutely. So I hope she focuses on this last leg of her journey, her last trimester and really focuses on her health and really her labor because that's really is about to happen. You know, like that's a whole new life is about to change for her. And this is the last thing she should be dealing with is people having their opinion on who you chose as the father of this, this child. Again, no one chooses to not have that person in their life.


You know what I mean? Until it happens. And then you gotta figure that out. So it is what it is tough. And sometimes You know things for more reason. You know, it's, it's tough that she probably thought that, You know, she was gonna be with someone and they were gonna bring a child in this world together. But things happen. And I loved her response. She did not clap back. She said, if I knew better, I'd do better. But we learned to become better. So she was gracious in her response. And it's showing that, You know, I'm going into an ano a new year And I don't have to clap back. I'm giving y'all grace because I have bigger things to worry about. Especially like, you need to keep your mental together. Like when you pregnant, we ain't got time to be going on internet fighting with people And you are like going through it hormonally like that baby.


So they feel everything. Like I feel like whatever, if you're stressed out, your baby can sense that. So, You know, good for her for not feeding into the bs. Why do women always get that blame though? Of like, they chose the wrong partner. You know? 'cause we're that way. I feel like we're always taught like you should, oh lady should do like, like be like this, do like this. Don't talk to the bad boys. You know, like we're kind of raised that way. Whereas boys are raised to like, oh, you lost your virginity. Great. Like, oh, Like, You know, your roots like gold. It's a whole different ground, You know? Yeah. It's different for how men and women are raised and how they're brought up and what's acceptable.


Or when they make mis when they make choices. How they're, how they're, exactly, exactly. So I mean, it's unfortunate that it's like that, but it's, it, it just, it is, it is always been like that. I feel like since the beginning of time, like that stigma of all that, like, it's just been that way. Yeah. That's a good point. Ash. You are right. We are, we're taught to like, really keep, be humble about it. Keep your virginity not, You know, just really hold onto it as much as possible where the men or boys or Like, You know what? Go do you so, so your oats or your wild oats or whatever the term is, and just go out there and be reckless with it.


But at the same time you forget that when you're being reckless with it, now you're bringing life into it, You know? So it should be both. That's what I teach my children, You know, Like, You know, it's not, we not bringing any babies up in this house, You know what I mean? And it goes both ways. It's, it's the boys and the girls, they both have to be taught to respect their bodies, things like that. So yeah. Plus like, that goes back to it. We was all taught, I mean, I was taught and look what don't touch, don't touch the hot pot. Don't touch that. Don't touch it. You was over there like, thank you.


How do y'all feel about the clap back response? Well, she was very graceful about it. But do you feel Like, You know, I know we've all been in comments and clap back and our emotions get involved. What do you guys, how do y'all laughing? What do y'all think about that? Like, they'll be going in on in these comments sometimes, right? How do y'all feel? Because we're on the other side of that too. You know what I mean? Like, we should explain like, what are y'all thoughts on people having their opinion on what we have to say or what we believe or our experience? What do y'all think about that? Just in general? I mean, I feel like if they can type it out, they can get a clap back with it. So, so I'm gonna give my response when I have the time.


That's part sometimes, sometimes like I'm done working and I'm bored and some just say, go on social media And you read some of this stuff, let me get you together right now. But there's other times where I'm just too busy and I'm like, these people have no life. Yeah. And this, this is what they do for a living. Just sit here and just try to get to you. But I have to learn that it's not worth, You know, stepping down to that energy to, to respond. That's right. Yeah. That's true. Now I, You know, for the most part, I think I do pretty good at ignoring the trolls, You know what I'm saying? But You know, I be having to step in there and, You know, I sometimes, most of the time I want to like not explain myself, but I wanna have a conversation because what you just said was dumb as hell.


And I can't just leave it there. Yeah. You know, I can't, like, I'm not going after people who are saying dumb stuff or calling me names like I'm not. But if it's really about something and there's a, you got me completely misunderstood and it's about something that are worth explaining or talking about right then I, I don't mind going in And I feel Like, You know, some people you do have to use a, a curse order too sometimes because they be acting like fools and they understand. But, You know, I, I think I do really good at not doing that. Not like going in there because people are crazy these days. Like I, like at one of my open houses, I had a like, stalker come like, people really are crazy.


So I just don't want to make the crazier people crazier and like try to come find me. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm a little scared of them. So for the most part, You know, I think we should just ignore those people and keep 'em moving like Coi did


September, 1979, Virginia's top prison band, edge of Daybreak is about to record their debut album behind bars in just five hours. Okay, We're rolling. 1, 2, 3, 4. I'm Jamie Petris, music and culture writer. For the past five years I've been talking to the band's three surviving members. They're out of prison now and in their seventies, they're passed behind them, but they also have some unfinished business eyes Of love. The end to day break, eyes of Love was supposed to been followed up by another album. It's a story about the liberating power of music, the American justice system, and ultimately second chances. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


If you are more concerned about what your fellow racists, think about you. You've already lost. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most band book in America. Now more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. And that's what we are doing on the Fighting Words podcast. Listen to my new episode with the iconic Gabrielle Union. We clear the air about a recent controversy with actor Matthew Lawrence, who claims she reported him on set for refusing to run lines with her. This Is like two husbands ago. Like what are we even talking about? And I ask her what it's like raising a trans daughter during Trump's second term. When you offer up the trans community as a sacrificial land, if you open the doors to say, well take these people now the door is open and they come in for everybody. Listen to Fighting Words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall. Hi, I'm Tia Skar. I'm Taylor Gray. And I'm John Lee Brody. But You may also know us as Harrison Doulas Specter two to Be Rez Spector five And Ezra Bridger Specter, six from Star Wars Rebels. Wait, I wasn't on Star Wars Rebels, am I in the right place? Absolutely. Each Week we're going to rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and Share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom voices, za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. Sometimes We'll even have a lively debate And we'll have plenty of other fun surprises and trivia to Oh And Me. Well I'm the lucky ghost crew Stowaway who gets to help moderate and guide the discussion each week. Kind of like how Kaan guided Ezra in the ways of the force. You see what I did there? Nicely done John. Thanks Tia. So hang on 'cause it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are your ears bored? Yeah. Yeah. Are you looking for a new podcast that will make you laugh, learn and say gi? Yeah. Yeah. Then tune in to look at Torah radio Season 10 today. Okay. I'm Vosa. I'm Mala, The host of Loca Tora Radio. A radiophonic novella, Which is just a very extra way of saying podcast. A podcast we are launching this season with a mini series, totally nostalgic, a four part series about the Latinos who shaped pop culture in the early two thousands. It's Lala checking in with all things Y 2K two thousands. My favorite memory honestly was us having our own media platforms like Oz and MT VREs. You could turn on the tv, you see Talia, you see J-Lo, Nina Sky, Evie Queen, all the girlies doing their things. All of the beauty reflected right back at us. It was everything. Tune in to Loca Thora Radio season 10. Now that's what I call a podcast. Listen to Loca Thora Radio, season 10 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yeah. I never, I never experienced it until we had that open house and that lady. Yeah, it was crazy. She was coming. Look at this. This lady came to my open house pull, she backed up like waiting for me to come out asking everybody coming out. Are you Ashley? Are you Ashley? So it's the end we're leaving. It's just me and Sherell and two of my other friends there. Okay. And she's like, are you Ashley? I'm thinking it's like a agent girl. It's a stalker. She's like, Hey, my name is so and so And I heard you got a problem with me. And I'm like, oh my God, who are you?


What's your name? Like, I don't know. 'cause I'm like, oh wait, wait, what's happening? And she's, she's like, yeah, like I heard you got a problem with me. You're, you are a realtor, right? I know who you are. You trying to be like me, you copy everything. I like just crazy, just talking crazy. She said I wanted her to die. And she, I said, how, what are you talking about? Like, we're, you're clearly confused. She like scrolled to some pictures she showed me on my Instagram and it had Humble Baddies. But our face. Yes. I mean our bodies covered the, it was a Humble Baddies picture, but our face covered all the other letters except for the DIE in Batty. And she said that that picture was me saying I wanted her to die.


Security. Yeah. Listen, our our parents were in the car. Yeah. You cannot do that. You can't roll up on nobody like that. And I told her, I said we had to calm her down because she was really like upset and like, I don't know what she was gonna do. Like it was a moment. You know what I mean? And so people really are crazy out here. So we have to be careful. Yeah. You know, like we are being very transparent. We're on social media, You know, doing our podcast. We're on tv. Right. You know, And we like to engage. We do with people, but some people when there's there's hundred thought I never witnessed that type of, that was a very scary moment.


And I, that is scary because what if I was by myself? It was nice. It's also comfortable into your business too. Like at the end of the day, you are working, you are, You know, navigating your space and someone coming in there and wanna put this energy out there is really disrespectful. So yeah. I say all that to say, keep it cute with these people because people don't, don't have it all. They internalize it. Yeah. I think that's why I like, I choose not to really internalize the comments. I know people are definitely gonna have an opinion And we do. Everyone does. But I, there's lines that get crossed when you start talking about children, family members.


And then I get a little defensive. Like when I start reading comments about my, my people too. You know, I start to like internalize it. You know, don't talk about my kids. Yeah. Like I start, yeah, I don't like that. You know, I feel like I have to like the Lion Nest and me has to come out. But I, I feel like I try not to just go into social media, like knowing that people are gonna comment 'cause they are. So I try not to just put that in my, in my spirit. Just because you can't please everybody. You know, I have learned that over, I try to make sure that I engage more with the people who are showing love. You know, like I'm trying to like comment back, respond people at question. Yeah. Positivity. Yeah, exactly.


Yeah. Yeah. Find the positivity and then let everything else go. Yeah. 'cause it's instant. It's an instant comment. Instant gratification. Very much instant. You know? Yeah. We gotta go home, we gotta raise kids, we gotta feed 'em, we gotta work, we gotta do all these other things. So I get that. I get that. Yeah. So sometimes, You know, it's just, it's better shout out to our girl poi because she, she responded very well And you just, I know it, it's mature, very mature. It's tempting at times where you just wanna clap back because of where people just feel like they know your whole life story. They, it's like they're living your life and they be dead ass loud and wrong.


But it is like loud and wrong. It's like you can't entertain that. Just, You know, move gracefully, gracefully. Let's, let's move like Coi from now, from now on and I'm gonna take my advice. Let's move like Coi. See Sharelle. You gonna see. Let's see. I see it when I believe it. I mean I believe it when I see it. That part. Question before we move on to our next topic. This is a good one. What would you have told, what good advice would you have told your 21-year-old self? Hmm. Oh well, 21. And we talking, we talking about babies and men and stuff.


My advice would be to any young lady, don't have sex with a man. You wouldn't be prepared to have a baby with first. Foremost. I, yeah, I like that. I like that. At the end of the day, sex is for making babies. Period. It ain't for pleasure too. Oh wait, I was, I was like, wait a minute. Perfect. And you done, what if you're done making baby reproduction? What if you're done with reproduction And you just want to get that good feeling? Oh, but I'm just saying that good feeling. But I'm just saying you just in your mind, you're, you're engaging in an act where it's a possibility that a child can be conceived.


So just always keep that in mind. And I feel like that's smart. That keeps you from having sex with fuck boys. Like that keeps you from No, that's true. Living your body away to people away. Those soul ties. Soul ties real. Yeah. Yeah. Just take a second and be like, does he deserve my body? Does he des can I have a child? If, if I were to get pregnant today, would he be the kind of guy that I wanna have a relationship with for the next 18 years? Yes. Better than 18. Let's be 100. Right. But I mean for sure the next 18 years. So it's like, I think if you think about who girl who you're having sex with in that way it might, it might, You know, save you a few times.


You know, it's interesting you said 21. I was actually pregnant with array at 21 and so it was like bittersweet. So what I would tell my 21-year-old self is just you wait. 'cause it actually worked out for me obviously. 'cause she was the first of four and You know, so it's like that, that story happened and, And I wouldn't change anything about it, but it was also a different situation. We had financial assistance, we had help. You know what I mean? We could have, it was, it was a different, different way of life. But at the same time, I tell my kids this now, 'cause my oldest Ray will be 20. I'm like, look, you can't afford a child.


You can't afford it. It just is what it is. You know, it's a different situation and you're selfish. You like to go shopping, you like to go do your thing, have fun and be a 21-year-old self. Like, I couldn't even go drink at 21, turning 21. You know how it's like, oh let's go celebrate you're now 21 because I was pregnant. So, You know, which I don't, again, don't regret anything. My path is my path. But like just at 21, it's such that precious age of you just don't know shit. You know, you really figuring things out. Still figuring, have those adventures. Have those adventures, You know, that's what I would say. What about you Rob? What would you tell your 21-year-old self?


I would tell my 21-year-old self to, You know, slow down and live life. Slow down, but still live life. You know, I was married at 21 so it was different for me. I felt like I had to do everything so fast that I didn't get to enjoy, You know, my, my young adulthoods because I always a early mom And I would that, that's the main advice I would say. Yeah. Yeah. I I like that 21. We feel like we grown though. We, we do. Oh, I can buy alcohol, I can drink, I can do, yes. Even though we was drinking earlier than 21, You know, definitely think you, you grown.


I'm grown. I can gamble. I could do this. My five at 21, I was a homeowner at 21. It's, it's like I'm in the military And you could do nothing. I got a, a military ID card. Can't say nothing. Yeah. I feel like I grew up fast too in my twenties. Just being a mother and traveling and having homes and just really access and privilege so young too. It's just, it was a lot. It's a whirlwind, You know. But I, And I was far away. I didn't have any family. I was in a whole, oh, that's a lot. North Carolina. All my family in Alabama. So it was just like me, You know, my child, my husband, and yeah, I'm a full grown adult. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But yeah. Yeah. Okay.


It was a a great question by the way. That is. Yes. Alright, let's get into it. Y'all. We got our, our little star Ari son. How do you say his name? Yoan. Yo. Your son. Is it your son or Yoan? Your son. I think your son Ari. Don't feel guys, your son's name. Your son snaps after fans crash. His mommy slash son carnival date with Ari Fletcher. Mm. These kids be tired of these people coming into they lives. I don't know if y'all, y'all paid attention, but he has a big personality. Like he speaks, he says whatever he wants to say.


He, he just expresses himself very well. But apparently he don't play about his mama and his time. What, so what happened was the two stepped out for a fun night at the carnival, but what was supposed to be a chill mommy Sunday quickly turned into a full on public reaction, whatever. They shared a clip on her ig story showing the two walking through the fair. But things took a turn when a growing crowd of fans started t trailing them. The energy was loud, that psych was real. And extra screams, your son screamed out, I can't do this old video already played it.


He said, I can't do this. Like, y'all gotta let these children be children. Yeah. These kids alone. But, but I, You know what I say, Ari probably need to pull back from showing so much of his personality on, on, You know, social media on That's what I was gonna say because at the end of the day, these kids are still kids. I agree. And people become fans. They even become fans or of the kids. Well, I was gonna say, yeah, she just needs to not post where she is. That too not not posted her son. Like, I mean that's a personal choice too. But I feel like if she never posted where she's at and she's at a very public place, like the fair is like, or the carnival is, You know, it's a out in the open type environment.


It's almost like she was looking for the attention. Like, I don't know, but I'm just saying like, if you post in your celebrity, a little patient in real time, you post with your r Yeah. You know, there's a million people there around. It's kind of like, well, what did you expect? You know what I'm saying? But I think that comes with Like, You know, this day and age, like celebrities, they have to stay relevant so they're always posting or whatever, And I get that. But I think, You know, if you have your kids around, you should like respect their, You know, their energy, their space and You know, they don't wanna be the celebrity. They're not the celebrity. So, You know, I think maybe next time don't do that because You know that, that he, he doesn't like that he wants his mommy time.


You know what I mean? Yeah. It, it can be very much traumatizing. And going back to what we were talking about a little bit earlier too, with people just pulling up on you, You know, if you posting where you are in real time, like, hey guys, I'm at the fair, You know, and then obviously people are pulling up or they're gonna be at the same location, they're gonna notice that you're there and look for you and You know, you're really putting it in. It's, it becomes mentally taxing too on everyone that's around you, especially these children. He obviously is reacting and it was, it is triggering for him. So, You know, as a mom, and I'm sure she was very much like a little taken aback by it because if he's emotional about it, that means he's screaming out for like, I need some help.


Like this is, this is too much. And I would try to, You know, choose some places that are a lot more s Like, You know, exclusive and really not so much like out there and open. You obviously you wanna take your children to the carnival, but it, it's a hat. It's, it's friends, it's security. It's, it's a way you move and You know, You know, seeing Ari, You know, And I don't wanna blame her for anything, but she's very much a public figure and people see her. And so I would tone it down. I would be in, in opposite of what I usually wear. So people don't really know it's me. You know, I would try to like really suppress that and really try to do that because we've had to do that before. You know, like just there's a way that you have to teach your kids how to maneuver.


Living in New York, you go down the street, I have to wear a hat and lip gloss just because there's paparazzi on the corner looking just for something, You know? And it's just a way that you have to teach our children because they didn't ask to be put in these situations, but, You know, a pub public persona. But there's ways that you have to still teach these children how to, You know, understand. Like, these are people, people will come up to you And I would've had to remove them from the situation just to protect my child. That's, that's a tough one. Yeah. You just have to be mindful. I don't, I even if very mindful, even if she didn't post it, she's like a high profile individual and still he has a big personality. So when people see in public, they're gonna want their fan shop, they're gonna wanna come up to you, but they're not thinking like at the end of the day, this is still a, a little child respect that it's, it happens with Serenity will be in the airport and they'd be like, French fry, hey, French fry, French fry, French fry.


And I'm like, just, You know, hey, keep it moving. Like it's, so I try to tell Chad like, let's not post the kids too much. I don't post my kids a lot. You don't see them on my social media because it's too much until they're ready to make the decision of they wanna be on social media like that then out loud. But it's just let them be kids. Let the kids be kids. I know another child, what's her name? Kim's daughter. North, north, north, north. Be going in on Huff End. Y'all remember when she was shooting birds at the, at the, at the people and Ryan, yeah. Ryan statements. Yeah. These kids wanna be kids. Let these kids be kids.


They do wanna be kids. But it's like, unfortunately, I mean I think people have to understand too, like this is their, these are people's jobs. This is how they, You know, make an income. And there's, they're also parents. There's also, they're wearing many hats, You know, so like there's a time and a place where you just don't wanna be a celebrity. Sometimes you just wanna take your child to the carnival, you just wanna go to the grocery store. Things like that. I feel like people have to also respect when they see people like fans and celebrity, or I'm sorry, when you see a celebrity or whatever out and they're with their people like family or on a date or things like that. Respectfully give them their space. I know it's like, it's shocking you like, ooh, I didn't expect to see X, Y, and Z.


But it has to be a mutual respect of like they're doing regular stuff. They are not working right now. They're not the wolverine from X-Men. They're not, You know, the basketball player that's dribbling down the court right now. They are having, they're a father right now. They are getting groceries 'cause they gotta cook food tonight. Like it has to be some kind of like social awareness of when you see celebrities especi people. Yeah, people like this is a once in a lifetime. Yeah. And like, let me go ahead. They're not thinking about, You know, family awareness. They're not no, they're not all they thinking about. Because if I see Beyonce exactly, I'm, I'm bodyguard. Not gonna let you get that close and be like, back up.


I'm gonna be right up in her say when crazy. What, what we eating tonight? Well at, at the end of the day. I don't blame it on the fans. I blame it on at the end. It's, it's our responsibility as parents to make sure, You know, our kids are our comfortable, You know, because we are public figures. So just, I think as parents, we just need to be more self-aware of when we're going in these big crowd how to protect our kids and You know, let them be kids and enjoy themselves. So maybe if we're gonna go out in a busy timeframe, like I always, if I'm going to a vulnerable with my kids, I like to go when it's because I wanna ride ride. I ain't got time cleaning these lines.


I ain't got time to be paying these extra fees to skip the line And you only can skip certain ones. I'm gonna go when it's low key quiet and the kids can have a good time. So just be cautious and and think about the child. That's right. Yeah. Well clearly he's upset. I would be him too. They people ruin it. Ruin your son got a big personality. I need him on my that too. He gonna tell you like it is. Yeah. It's, it's tough And you gotta be mindful of Like, You know, but duck duck has a good, big personality 'cause he's speaking up for himself and he's being very vocal about it. You know, some kids they just like shut down.


Yeah. So I think that's, that's good that he definitely has awareness, right? Yeah. Aware of his boundaries at such a, a such a age like that. For sure. I've been real mindful about like sharing my location too. You know, I don't post until I leave just for those reasons. And it is tough because when you, you wanna really have a good time and be in the moment. So that's why I've, I've been trying to be more conscious of that And I just really enjoying the moment and really just enjoying where I'm at, who I'm with and not really just like posting so much anymore about that. You know, I just wanna keep those memories intact now. Very protective, protective over it.


Yeah. That's smart. Post later is always the best way to go. Yeah, for sure. My question to you guys is, at what point does Fame stop being fun? Like, do you think celebrities ever wish they could go back to being just regular people at times? Yeah. I mean, I'm sure it gets old. Not being able to just do like regular normal everyday stuff. Not being able to just go to the grocery store and get your own food. You know, just not being able to be outside. Like, I can't imagine, You know, without people like being in your face. But I think it comes with the territory, You know?


So I think it's just one of those things that they probably just have to like, suck up to the job or chalk up to the job, You know? Yeah. I believe it's, it's, it's a lot in balance too. You know, what are, what are the other hobbies? What other places can you go and do things where you can really be yourself and not have to deal with people? I feel like that's when you have to start getting more private and being like, maneuver a little bit differently. Just like private rooms or just those kind of things. It's definitely, I don't think there's a regret because obviously if this is your, this is your job, You know, and this is your craft or your art, and obviously you're a public figure because of that celebrity, you can't help it. You know what I mean?


You can't not not do your passion. You cannot follow, not follow your dreams just because it becomes too much. And do, and people do. They, they retire, they stop, they, they pivot, they go and do something else, which is all great. But I feel Like, You know, you just have to learn how to maneuver a little differently. You know, whether it's security, whether it's privacy of different ways of travel. Just those things where you could still center yourself and your being to where you wanna still do your job. But then also you can still be your, you can be yourself on the other side of it. I really like it when I see like there's certain celebrities like, I don't know, I can't think of none right now, but like who you see them outside.


Like they're not afraid to like go out and Like, You know, they don't necessarily have a whole bunch of security with them, but you might see them out at the grocery store. You might see them out with their friends for dinner. Like, I like that because it's like, I feel like when you try to, like, if you're a celebrity, you try to just be mysterious, You know, like nobody knows where you are. Like what you do if you're not like a human being, you're not out to eat. It's your family, You know, like regular, normal everyday stuff. Like, it, it humanizes you to like, for us to see you out, You know, being a regular person. Yeah. And I think that kind of too, I mean, if they don't get, You know, bogged down with fans, but I, I feel like just seeing people out more often being doing normal things could probably help, You know?


But yeah, I mean it come with a job so you can't complain. That's true. I get that. I get that. What do y'all think about even just kids in general growing up in the public eye like that? 'cause he didn't ask to be here like to, to deal with it, but he has to by default. What are you guys' thoughts on that with children and You know, do they have to have the same thought process? Do they have to have the same caution? You know, he didn't ask to, he didn't ask celebrity. I, I feel like with the kids you can just read, read them and tell like with my kids, You know, one likes to be in the public eye, the other one don't.


Very low key. So don't pressure it, don't force it up on them. You can't help that you aren't in the public eye. But I mean, you just talk with your kids and, And you ask them and respect their wishes even though they're, You know, they're young. They do have have views, point of views at their early age and they'll let You know how they feel. Yeah. I don't mind to tell me in a minute. Delete, delete, delete. No, but sometimes they can affect their mental like you forcing it up on them. Exactly. So many kids like these Disney kids who were, who were great stars and You know, they, they pushed them and now Orlando Brown.


Yeah. Like a lot of them are just went a whole different route. What we expected as a child, right? How they were as You know, young, young children. So it's just, you just have to be careful because you don't know what the world, what society can do to cause their mental space to go a different route. And like now they just, yeah. Gone. So I agree. Be careful. Yeah, agree. So, oh, it's a lot. Yeah, it's a lot.


September, 1979, Virginia's top prison band, edge of Daybreak is about to record their debut album behind bars in just five hours. Okay, we're rolling. 1, 2, 3, 4. I'm Jamie Petris, music and culture writer. For the past five years I've been talking to the band's, three surviving members. They're out of prison now and in their seventies, their past behind them, but they also have some unfinished business Eyes Of The End of Day Break. Eyes of Love was supposed to have been followed up by another album. It's a story about the liberating power of music, the American justice system, and ultimately second chances. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


If you are more concerned about what your fellow racists, think about you, you've Already lost. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most band book in America. Now more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. And that's what we are doing on the Fighting Words podcast. Listen to my new episode with the iconic Gabrielle Union. We cleared the air about a recent controversy with actor Matthew Lawrence, who claims she reported him on set for refusing to run lines with her. This is like two husbands ago. Like, what are we even talking about? And I asked her what it's like raising a trans daughter during Trump's second term. When you offer up the trans community as a sacrificial land, if you open the doors to say, well take these people now the door is open and they come in for everybody. Listen to Fighting Words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey y'all, it's your girl Cheeky. And I'm back with a brand new season of your favorite podcast, cheeky and Chill. I'll be sharing even more personal stories with you guys And I know a lot of people are gonna attack me. Why are you gonna go visit your dad? Your mom wouldn't be okay with it. I'm gonna tell you guys right now, I know my mother And I know my mom had a very forgiving heart. That is my story on plastic surgery. This is my truth. I think the last time I cried like that was when I lost my mom like that, like yelling. I was like, no. I was like, oh. And I thought, what did I do wrong? And as always, you'll get my exclusive take on topics like love, personal Growth, health, family ties and more. And don't forget, I'll also be dishing out my best advice to you on episodes of Dear Cheeky. So my fiance And I have been together for 10 years. In the first two years of being together. I find out he's cheating on me, not only with women, but also with men. What should I do? Okay, where do I start? That's not love. He doesn't love you enough because if he loved you, he'd be faithful. It's going to be an exciting year And I hope that you can join me. Listen to Cheeky and Chill season four as part of the Michael Toura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall. Hi, I'm Tia Skar. I'm Taylor Gray. And I'm John Lee Brody. But You may also know us as Harrison Doula Specter two Sabine Renz Specter five And Ezra Bridger Specter, six from Star Wars Rebels. Wait, I wasn't on Star Wars Rebels, am I in the right place? Absolutely. Each week we're going to rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share Some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom voices, za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. Sometimes we'll even have a lively debate And we'll have plenty of other fun surprises and trivia to Oh And Me. Well, I'm the lucky ghost crew Stowaway who gets to help moderate and guide the discussion each week. Kind of like how Kaan guided Ezra in the ways of the force. You see what I did there? Nicely done, John. Thanks Tia. So hang on 'cause it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Let's talk about Erica's. I know, right? Let's talk about how girl Erykah Badu. Yeah, let's switch it up a little bit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's change the energy. My girl Erykah Badu let, did she hear about Erykah Badu On And I saw picture, I saw a picture, but her and she had a big ass. Was that her ass or was that, that was BBL Shay. I don't know if it was con it was Shay. You think it was shady? We saw that. We saw that be fun. You said what? I said was it bold Shay or did a bold statement, or you think she was just having fun?


I mean, I think it's past the pettiness. I mean that's, that's was the Pisces for some, well she was trying to make, like they said she was shading the BBL TR trend because it was enormous. Because You know, know, You know, I, You know, I'm, I, You know, I don't fault anything when you do with your body, but some people just get outrageous and they, they got bad bm bad bad BB bad y'all, y'all gonna see them. Yes. Especially booty. I was gonna say we live in Miami. Guys like boot don't match the, the, the BBL These BBL killing y'all.


What's, how that song booty looking like a, a ant booty. It's outta control. It's crazy. No, it really is crazy. But I mean, You know, Erykah Badu comes from, You know, a different generation, You know, You know, she comes from the natural body, neo soul, divine. Yeah. So of course like that's not her thing. Of course. Like she's like, that's what y'all Like, You know, let me, let me make fun of it or whatever. Because that's not her style. That's not her essence. You know what I mean? I think But you better call Dr. Miami. She's on that call. Tyra outta control. No, she, she's telling them to call Dr.


Miami and, and fix that thing. Baby. I've been hearing a lot. It's, but You know, I've been hearing a lot of like negative stuff about BBLs. Like, I feel like they're still very popular, but now I feel like there's a trend of people who are like, get rid of them. They don't want them, they don't like 'em anymore. They're starting to take them out. Yeah. I feel like social media kind of impacted that and really low key. Let's, let's, let's take it all the way to like the Kardashians, especially Kim, You know, that curvy look that very much like enhanced look. And You know, we've been, we've been tugging, tugging some curves and some, some heavy weight a long time since before time. You know, I I I, I'm the healthiest and curies I've ever been in my life right now.


And I wouldn't change it. You're girl. I wouldn't change it for the world. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, thank you so much, You know, but it's just Like, You know, I, I know what I have back there. I love the, that muscle memory, but not back there. But You know, I just feel like it's, it's beco. It's glamorized. And it became very much like, I want one of those too, because I'll have, I'll have You know this more attention, but do you feel like social media has impacted the surge of BBLs and now do you think social media will impact like, maybe the resurgence of it? Like just almost like the decline, I should say. Not the resurgence, but the decline of it.


Honestly, I think it's social media. It's men. That's all men talk about. You think it's men, they want big asses. Like that's what they want. That's what they like, that's what they glorify. So it's like you have all these women like Dane, You know, he want, we do, we try to get what the men want. Like we want their attention. So we gonna do things. You know what some, a lot of women are gonna do things like, okay, this is what he likes, so this is what I'm gonna get. So I feel like, but you sure it's not women trying to, You know, one up other women? Either one up competition. Yeah, like competition. It's a mixture of everything. Yeah. Yeah. I feel like women do a lot for women now. Like, women wanna have the best BBL, the best body, the best weave, the best nails.


I don't, I don't, I mean, we know men like women. I feel like men are going to like women regardless. Like if we got a big ass, if we got a little ass, if we, You know, like everyone has their own preferences then are men, they're going to stick their thing in anything. So, You know, I mean, I don't necessarily feel like it's the, we're doing it for the men. I feel like we're doing it because like you said, like kind of competition with other women like Oh, let me get my, the best body, let me get the best hair, the best, like the best of everything, You know, so I can look better than that girl.


Not because I want to get that man. You know what I mean? Yeah. Because on at the end, in the same breath, they're Like, You know, these men ain't worth it anyway. So it's like, we not doing all this. It's not because of the man, but this is what men talk about. What I'm saying is they do, they talk about, they like big asses. So if you don't have a big ass, you gonna be like these men talking about big asses. That's all they talk about. That's about, but they still having sex and they still pulling. And parents, they're still having sex. But it's glow, little booty. Like me, it's not everybody can get a booty either. They, it's glorifying. It's glorifying big asses. So what people gonna do, what women gonna do? Even men, shit, some of these men out here, they're, oh my God.


Yeah. So I feel like it's, it's a competition. More so though everybody wanna have the best everything. The best everything. Especially when you get access to it, you just like, let me go and enhance it. This will make me feel better. I think it becomes a issue when you starting to do everything. Like you just, I think that's like a comparison. You know? Women are co always comparing, we're always comparing ourselves to what we don't and do have, like, I want what she got. You know? We always want what we don't have too. You know what I mean? Like, I want a big ass, not really, but You know, a little something, but not enough to get a bbl L Okay, everybody wants to ask, but I, I don't want enough to get a bbl. I can gimme a little bit, You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna eat these gummy bears and hopefully maybe nothing gummy bears, You know what I mean?


But I really think it's like a comparison thing. It's Like, You know, what does she got? Okay, she got that. Okay, I'm gonna get a better one. You know? Mm. Everybody and the lips, everything. The lips, everything. Yeah, everything. You know. But at the end of the day, I feel like it's like we still, again, we, we, we born with a lot of this, this already, You know, I, y'all heard about the bbl? L stinking got the bl stinking. What? How do bbl stinking how the bbl, they said, they said there's a very distinct smell, A very distinct Wait Ashley minute. Heard that before.


Wait. Time out. God. Y'all write in the comment. Wait, chat. I know people been, I mean I've never smell this a smell. They said it's said you have a bad one. Like if you have that. Oh, less than you not washing your, yeah, I think it's from people not getting the massages that you're supposed to get. Like the lymph lymphatic drainage being too much fucking too much ass. And they don't know how to wash they ass after they done got all this booty. No, but they said it's a specific from the BL ones. Like they not saying it's about the natural big booty girls. They said the bbl L. Yeah. No, I, I'm telling you, these new BBLs booty, big booties, they ain't used to all that booty back there.


So they dunno how to reach back there and wash they behind. No, but they also said though, it's because of the fat cells and they're not getting the lymphatic drainage or something like that. And then it starts stinking or some shit. I don't know. Wow. All right. That one y'all, we need to find out. I don't know. We need to find out. Now I may not get a B, BL, but there's this thing I saw. What'd you see? What? You see what the hell you is that it's where they break your ribs. Oh no. Hell.


And, and then you wear a corset and it's like make you sense like ci waist. So since your waist, since your waist to make your butt bit bigger, but Well, no, it has nothing to do with your butt. My butt is gonna be my butt. Ashley, you don't have a waist? Yes, but I'm like straight up and down have like a curvy body. So my hips are like my ribs. Listen, okay. I know what I'm talking about. I know my body. Okay, but you ain't doing that sh that. Well, it looks a little intriguing. Yeah. Yeah. In ribs on my ribs. That ain't nothing. I'm not adding just to make you just look like I'm not adding nothing in my body.


They not taking nothing out. It's just like you just said they were moving real. They don't remove, they don't take them out. No, they just break them. They just pop 'em out a little bit and then you, hell no. That sounds painful. That does. You would trust a doctor to go in and break your ribs. I mean, I'm, You know, I'm gonna be sleep. I'm gonna be sleep. I, You know, it's just what? That's good. Okay, so all these bitches is gonna, all the other countries getting fucking BBLs and y'all, I can't go get a little broke rib or two.


I don't even though got their ribs broke. I don't know nobody personally. Exactly. Me either. But either I would, I would, I would like to find out more. You gonna be the test dummy? Okay. I, well, no, 'cause I'm smart. I said, You know what, I'm gonna come back to this in a year or two. So I so they can so wish, should thought about it so they can get good at it and thinking about it. And we'll think about it on them. And then I'll, and then I'll revisit. They think someone said the corset surgery is usually done on today. Women who don't want to have more kids's called corset me surgery.


That's you, you that it sounds like you over here. I don't no more kids either, but I'm scared that sound like a good candidate. I'm a good candidate. The corset, that's what it's called now. So it gives you this ci waist of a corset. Okay. So I have seen, so I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to be like irregularly small. I'm just trying to get a little shape, You know what I mean? Like get like that little coke bottle. They said, somebody said a allegedly Janet Jackson got it done. Okay. So Janet, send me a doctor. Please share, share the humble daddy you are somebody find out what doctor she went to because if Janet went to them then okay, they good enough.


I might not be able to afford that. I, I don't know. That's a, that's some, that's some different, everyone doing what they need to do for themselves or whatever makes your confidence go. But I feel like there's extremes to everything. Woo. Oof. Yeah. Just, just a couple ribs. My ribs hurt now thinking about it. Mm, me too. Like I need mine. I want em. I got, I got, yeah. Mm. I love all this chunky chunk. Chunk S smart. That's crazy. Y'all let, okay, enough about the BBL talk. 'cause Ashley that said she want the corset. The BBL stink. The BBL booty juice.


BB stink. They got, they got the BBL booty juice. They just said they need that in the chat. I still gotta find out about that. BBL booty juice is BBL booty juice. Yeah, it is thing, it's a thing. Apparently. I, I can't wait to find that out. I love it. According on what the people said. Okay, y'all, we all grew up in the church, right? Yep. I a good old, good, good. It's, it's, it's more step pastor, pastor Pastora, You know, he, he was pastor. Is he Pastora or reverend Is he any, any of that. And I thought he was a singer. Yeah, a gospel singer. Singer. A gospel singer. He got some good hits.


He saw the best of me, but we ain't see the best of him. I see what you did there. We ain't see the best in, in, in our in in. Marvin said when he told the people to lock the, told the ushers to lock the door, lock the door, lock the Y behind down, because y'all ain't going nowhere but out to eat, to feed y'all. So if I need y'all to empty y'all money and don't date, we ain going nowhere until we raise all this money. When he de he definitely spelling profit wrong in instead of, You know, with a pH. He used to put a F in there, profit, You know, trying to some profits. And the ones that's co-signing were his foolishness.


Who some of the deacons and, and that was behind him. So they were trying to get money for him or this is poor for the building fund or this is for, You know, You know, the bill trip, the building fund, You know, the tithing, You know obviously in the church. The love, it's the love the love offering. Yes. It's like I got all type of opportunities. That's the appreciation. It's the love offering. Yeah. I mean my grandfather used to be, You know, he passed away. He was a presiding elder. I grew up in the church and now that's big deal. One time done in all my years of growing up, being on the usher board, being in the cri, being, You know, having vacation bible school, everything that we have, like five offerings, these new churches, they make it, they locking those, they putting in security.


It ain't even the usher garden. Those, that's the same. Well it's the security. And you ain't going nowhere until you take, you got about six offerings now. Yeah. Never seen nothing like that. A day in my life. And I grew up in the south. I, You know, half of my family was Baptist. This half was Methodist, a ME And we had a church. And when we took up offerings, we had a benevolent offering. And you had the benevolent Yes. And then you had a sign. What does that really mean anyway? Right? What does that even, anyway, we just tithing, we just sending it off. No, but listen, I'm gonna tell you how, how, how our church operated. You had a sign up there of how much was collected each, each Sunday service Sunday, right?


That's right. You brought around And you sang good on him. He on time. God Yes he is. When that money started, it started passing around. But it was times where, where if someone in, oh yes, he's, when people, when church members really need they bills paid. And You know, my granddaddy would actually cut checks to, to make sure that the church members, You know, they lights were on if they needed to pay Yes. Or whatever. Now it's like, y'all just want these people to spend, they they rent money. They, it's the first of the money. They laugh everything.


Yeah, I don't like it. What ti is still 10%, right? Is it 10% is a tithing percentage. And You know, I don't know. Still in church taxes, they, they pay no taxes. But we starting to see pastors with the suits, with the Gucci, the, the 50 pro everything, the Jets, private jets and these, these mega churches. But it's Like, You know, I, we are paying for a lot, You know, the smoke, the graphics, I graphics. I'm gonna tell you, I was, I, I went to go support one of my friends at a church here in Florida. And You know, the church was amazing, but it was pastors traveling from all up north. And you gotta be careful with them up north Pastor because they be, You know, they be funneling money from the, from the street people.


Not the up north pastor up north, some of, some of the up north. Not everybody now, not everybody, but one of the pastors got up there to speak and he had this big pinky ring on. He was decked out. And I said, I I, I have still have this text message. I text the group that I was with. I said, don't trust him. And if he come And I lay his hands on y'all, let this man touch y'all. 'cause he ain't right. Because he had that pinky ring on. He had a big shiny pinky ring. I said, he's not right. There's something about him. Yes, ma'am. That was a tell, tell sign. He was over there. Look, I this wait before, so after church, the pastor trying to touch people, lay his hands.


And I said, I don't, I'm sorry. You know, I don't let people, everybody lay their hands on me. I was taught not to let everybody put they hands on you. So two months later, fast forward, the pastor is locked up by the fed. No he ain't, I swear to God. PPP fraud. PPP fraud, PPP fraud from the churches and PPP fraud, Uhuh. See, don't have to pay taxes. You don't have to pay taxes. You keep on them point. I feel like also the, the, the, the pastor or like the leader of the church, I feel like should kind of separate themselves from the money part of it.


Like in the church I grew up in, it was like the trustees, they did everything. The trustee, You know what I mean? Like, so it was no confusion. It wasn't one person that was in charge of all the money. It wasn't, You know what I mean? It was like a board of trustees who was in charge of collecting the money and You know, right where the money, oh, they, they handled all of that. My dad was a trustee actually. And my mom was the, like, she was the, what was my mom, the secretary of the church. So we was in church, You know, all day. Every day too. All the time. All the time. Yeah. But fast forward to churches that I go to now regularly. They don't even take up the offering.


It's, you do it on your own. So you can do it online, you can put it in the box in the day, You know, on your own. But it's all done on your, every now and then they'll take up Like, You know, a special offering of for something or whatever, but your everyday tithes that you do, like, that's on you. And I really liked that because when we moved to Florida And we were looking for church, like, we went to a lot of churches and they were really like pressing us to give because You know, they knew Phil played football, You know, so they like, oh, okay, big, big money. Then they walked in big money. Okay. So now they started talk, preaching about getting the stuff. Oh baby, them them, them script. Them script is, they gotta give the same, we done heard the same damn thing every sermon Sunday they talking about giving, there's a, there's a hundred people in here I need, they mess with your conscious.


I need for so seed for 5,000, I need 20 of y'all to, so a seed for 200 And I need the rest of y'all to So seed for $100 to all the seats are sold. Yeah. And then they put in the program the, they put in the program who put what? Like the, oh, they're the $10,000 donors. You know, it was the bragging rights too to be in the, the pamphlet, You know, that you donated so much or gave this much, You know. So I feel like it was also a little bit of clout. That's probably one of our first examples of clout back in the day too, like going to church. But I feel like you still have to be members of whatever your religion is. They still take up funds for everything.


You know, even at the temple we have to pay for services and Shabbat dinners and people who are underprivileged and things like that. So it doesn't matter. Church, temple, Mo. So I just feel like today's, I, I just feel like from me growing up from when I was a child, church is totally different. I don't consider a lot of these churches, churches, I feel like a lot of pastors have taken advantage of what it is to really serve and service, You know, the Lord and the community. I feel like they have turned it into a business. That's right. Real comfortable business. Yeah. Yeah. And Marvin sap, he, he's the gospel singer.


He's worth $4 million asking, shutting the doors like that. I know this happened, like, And you And you were four, you tell them to sit. People do people were, they will be like, I gotta pay the church. I gotta pay the church. Yeah. Yeah. It, some people pay, some people will give they all and and, and let they rent go. And they know that. Yeah. So do I think they're praying on those people, on those vulnerable people. Vulnerable people who, You know, they give that then you praying in the wrong way. Praying with A-P-R-E-Y instead of praying.


Yeah, it's not, it's not cool. It's not cool. Yeah, I didn't like that. And I, I see it happen a lot. And I shut the doors though. He, he got aggressive. What? He is pulled the stunt though. Maybe he was trying to get all this attention, like we're talking about him now. So maybe he's pulling like a stunt and he wanted to be blasted all over the internet right now so we could be talking about him. This happened in over, it happened over the summer. It is just not coming, coming. The shit now being viral. We circulated, going viral. Yeah. I wonder why it's just now coming out. No telling. I don't know. He put it out. Oh, he sent it to the blogs. Can you say, so I mean, people do that. Why is it just now coming out?


Like something, something is a little, I don't know.


September, 1979, Virginia's top prison band, edge of Daybreak is about to record their debut album behind bars in just five hours. Okay, we're rolling. 1, 2, 3, 4:00 AM Jamie Petris music and culture writer. For the past five years I've been talking to the band's. Three surviving members. They're out of prison now and in their seventies, their past behind them. But they also have some unfinished business, eyes of Love, The end day break, eyes of Love, but supposed to have been followed up by another Apple. It's a story about the liberating power of music, the American justice system, and ultimately second chances. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


If you are more concerned about what your fellow racists, think about you. You've already lost. Hi, I'm George M. Johnson, a bestselling author with the second most band book in America. Now, more than ever, we need to use our voices to fight back. And that's what we are doing on the Fighting Words podcast. Listen to my new episode with the iconic Gabrielle Union. We clear the air about a recent controversy with actor Matthew Lawrence, who claims she reported him on set for refusing to run lines with her. This is like two husbands ago. Like what are we even talking about? And I ask her what it's like raising a trans daughter during Trump's second term. When you Offer up the trans community as a sacrificial land, if you open the doors to say, well take these people now the door is open and they come in for everybody. Listen to Fighting Words on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are Your ears bored? Yeah. Are you looking for a new podcast that will make you laugh, learn and say gi? Yeah, yeah. Then tune into Loca Tora Radio Season 10 today. Okay. I'm Vosa. I'm Mala, The host of Loca Tora Radio. A radio phonic novella, which Is just a very extra way of saying a podcast. We are launching this season with a mini series, totally nostalgic, a four-part series about the Latinos who shaped pop culture in the early two thousands. It's Lala checking in with all things Y 2K two thousands. My favorite memory honestly was us having our own media platforms like Oz and MT VREs. You could turn on the tv. You see Talia, you see J-Lo, Nina Sky, Evie Queen, all the girlies doing their things. All of the beauty reflected right back at us. It was everything. Tune in to look ATRA Radio Season 10. Now that's what I call a podcast. Listen Tocara Radio, season 10 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all, it's your girl Cheeky. And I'm back with a brand new season of your favorite podcast, cheeky and Chill. I'll be sharing even more personal stories with you guys And I know a lot of people are gonna attack me. Why are you gonna go visit your dad? Your mom wouldn't be okay with it. I'm gonna tell you guys right now, I know my mother And I know my mom had a very forgiving heart. That is my story on plastic surgery. This is my truth. I think the last time I cried like that was when I lost my mom like that, like yelling. I was like, no. I was like, oh. And I thought, what did I do wrong? And as always, you'll get my exclusive take on topics like love, personal growth, health, family ties and more. And don't forget, I'll also be dishing out. My best advice to you on episodes of Dear Cheeky. So my fiance And I have been together for 10 years. In the first two years of being together. I find out he's cheating on me. Not only with Women, but also with men. What should I do? Okay, where do I start? That's not love. He doesn't love you enough because if he loved you, he'd be faithful. It's going to be an exciting year And I hope that you can join me. Listen to Cheeky and Chill season four as part of the Michael Ura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I dunno, but it, it just, I you, you won't catch me coming to a church that's, that's forcing the congregation to pay And you ain't leaving until, and then for me also, it's the thing of like, if I don't see, like if I know like this church is pulling in a lot of money And I don't see y'all actually doing stuff for the community, but you a nice new car and a nice house and You know, where is the money going? Are you in the community? Are you helping these people that less is keeping the church running? That's right. You know what I mean? Right. Hmm. It's, it's not the same.


It's definitely not the same. Yeah. Well do you all feel like you frequent church as much as you like? Do you, I mean, do you all go to church as much as you did growing up in it because you were kind of, not really, I don't wanna say forced, but You know, when you have your families involved with the church, you had to go, it just became a way of life. Do you feel like that was a little too much in your childhood to where it trickles to where you are now? Where you might not go as much? Like maybe had that little, that energy from childhood of having to go to now where you can choose to go? I don't think You know me because like I said, my grandfather was a presiding elder. We PK grandkids. I enjoyed going to church.


We went to Sunday school. I actually, some of my cousins learned how to read just not going to Sunday school. So I enjoyed it. The morale was there. It taught us how to be, You know, be very respectful, get closer to God. And I made the choice to get closer to God. I actually spoken a sermon. I enjoyed church. I enjoyed going as a child. I felt like what changed me from going how I used to go so much as a child and a young adult was the changes in the, in the church as I traveled the church in the south is totally different from when I moved up north or when I moved down south of Florida. It wasn't the same. And I felt like it turned, it started slowly evolving into a business.


We didn't get the same like the, You know, when you in a good church, you can just feel it. Yes. I didn't have that same feeling from when I was in the churches from the South. I felt like it was just, let me say, say what I need to say and, and they just emphasize just on when it was time to, to gather offerings. Not all churches, I do have some amazing churches. If I'm in Tampa, my number one church is love first shout out to Pastor Joe Cousins. He was on wax surgeon, but he, I feel like I was, I'm back when I was a little child in those church, church homes when I'm, when I'm going to love first. So it's not every church, but it's hard to find a good church.


It is. It is hard to find. You feel like you're you where you need to be. Hmm. Yeah. I feel the same way. I'm from Georgia and before that we lived in South Carolina. So I'm used to like a very Southern Baptist church experience And I just really haven't gotten that pretty much since I left home. But I can't, I honestly, truthfully cannot blame that on why I don't go to church as much as I used to. And I really am convicted about it. Like I think about, You know, oh I gotta like the family. We need to go to church. Yeah. Every week. Every week it's on my brain.


Like I, we need to go to church. The intent is there. But because like I know like I can watch it online. Yes. I can watch on tv. I kind of get a little lax with it. Yes. I'm like, okay, it's okay. Ash. Yes. Like don't shut yourself out. You can just watch it on tv. You know? And sometimes I do, but most times I don't. So it's like, I really feel like that's a goal of mine this year is to get back to going to church more because I am, I do come from a family where we believe in going to church. Yeah. And spending time with the Lord in his house. That's right. So, You know, even though church is different and might look different, I haven't done my part. I can't say a hundred percent that I've gone out and looked for whatever it is I feel is missing.


You know. But I think it's important, You know, regardless to have like my children in the church, because I like Sharelle is saying feel like I have very distinct memories there. I feel like it's definitely shaped who I am, my relationship with the Lord. And it's kept me, You know, so I think it's important And I just need to do better. Yeah, I agree with you, Ash. It, it is very much becomes more convenient now just to go ahead and click a link. You know, even if you are not in the same city with that same pastor that you like, or you like a sermon, you can go now on YouTube and grab a sermon that you missed And you can still get the word and, but you're in the comfort of your home.


I feel like Covid really made that happen. You know, where it made that access to your favorite pastor more, more accessible, which is great. Like, my mom lives here in Miami, but she streams a pastor from Chicago that she likes. And she, every, every Sunday morning she, she's in the comfort of her home watching the sermon and taking, You know, her notes and then sending me, sending me this and that from the, the pastor. Like it was a good service today. So it's still there rooted in it. Like, 'cause just being, having that religious anchor in your spirit, You know, we can't get away from. So I think it's great for the children to have some kind of sense of purpose and sense of peace where whatever your religion is that you can fall back on and just have that comfort in your spirit, in your soul.


So however way you can get to it, get to it. You know, whether it's online, going to a church or getting some notes, clicking on the link, whatever the case may be. You know, like I want my kids to have like the old school vacation Bible school. Ooh. Like that was fun. That was an experience that I feel Like, You know, if you went there like it was right. Yeah. You to the, the end of the week trip. Yes. You, you working during the day, You know, You know you had your little boyfriend that week during vacation. Oh. Like two people. It was the time. Like these are experiences that I want for my kids. You know what I mean? Look at us, how, how we blushing and having nostalgia moments now just like tapping back into our childhood because of that, that sense of community kids running around And you, you breaking out in these sessions and having good talks.


And I remember that 'cause we used to have the little pamphlets And you learn your scripture and and and then talk about it. And you understood it better. Yeah. Yeah. Even think like Easter Sunday speeches ate Easter. Easter speech. Like, You know, remember you had the little thing you had to memorize. Oh memorize in front of the congregation. You better not messed up. Don't forget the outfit too. Yes. The outfit laid out. Outfit being in the choir. Just Oh dance. Oh the praise dance. I still remember some of my praise dance. Yeah. All the praise dancing. Then when they had like children's, not children's church, but like when the children take Sunday Youth Sunday.


Sunday I was used to be on third Sundays. Yeah. Sunday Sundays. The children, the church I used to like to do the announcement. Good morning ladies and gentlemen, brothers and sisters, pastor so and so, well that was my thing. I used like, that was my little part. I felt special. But, but yeah, I miss that. You know, it's not just about, it's it's, it's a lot of, it's a, it's a, a lot of memories. A lot of things that like, obviously has shaped all of us. 'cause we are sitting here, it just sucks. Like I I I feel like my, You know, my kids can't experience what we experience, but I'm truly grateful because I still keep, You know, God in them, in their lives.


We do pray together. I pray together with my kids. And it, it just shows like we come from a strong background of, of You know, just being close to God and putting God first. I was excited. My daughter got up Sunday. She, I said, she called me. She was like, mom, I just left church, can you send me some money to go out to eat? She had her two friends with her And I was just like, yes. So proud of you. Yes. Yeah. Going to church on your own with your kids. That's right. Going to church on your own. I'm sure. That's amazing. Right. That's a great because right now I'm gonna have to like, I went gonna church. We had, we had the van coming to pick us up. I was like, girl, you living the good life. You got your car drop.


We used to have to wait on the van to come get us and take us back home. Man used to be there all day long. Yes. Oh. And then, You know when they used to have the singings this the No. When they used to have the like the anniversaries like oh yeah. The Pastor Ann Cafe anniversary. You used to be at church all day day and then when they sent invite other churches to come and sing. Yes. That's the singing. You have a a, a sing off with the different I love that. Good music. Not the sing off because it's straight off. Like they don't go, you better not fall asleep either. Yes.


All that church pinch the church pitch and oh my grandma. Gimme that lip. She had em glasses and she rolled her eyes and that that that clothes Ivy still rolling. You better get your act together. I love you. Missing names and the candy. Y'all remember the little, they they was shaped like peppermints but they tasted like cinnamon. Yeah, no it was the strawberry one. The strawberry. Yeah, strawberry. What is name? Watermelon? The watermelon. Strawberry or watermelon. Yeah. And then sometimes you get the lucky ones that had the chewy stuff in the middle.


Yes. Hard on the outside. Why we, why did we all live the same life? Right. Yeah. And You know you got mad when you saw that. It was like at the bottom stuck at the purse too. 'cause you're like, you can't even eat this one. Like, and You know it is been sitting there a long time. But yeah, the pinch, I used to like, when they would let us dismiss like the young, the little kids they could dismiss and go to like children's church. Children's church. You know, out of, You know now that they've done certain parts of the service. Yeah. Because they can't sit still. You know. That's a lot. Yeah. My stomach, my stomach will start to start rumbling. So I would look forward to bru like brunch afterwards too. That was always good. We had Sunday dinner. Well Sunday dinner too because You know was on the crockpot.


That's been simmering and, and marinating real good. So when you come back, yeah, definitely wanna eat afterwards. What was y'all, what was y'all favorite old school church song? Pick one. Oh his Eyes on the Sparrow. Okay. I had think that's a good one. So be with my mine was your Grace and Mercy. Okay. Mine was, there's Bomb in Gilead. Remember that one?


That there is a bomb in Gilead. Yes. Bomb. That's not really old school but old school. That was like one of my favorites from back then. That was the good old days. Y'all let us know what y'all favorite old school southern gospel song was and who had the best old school gospel song out of us Three. No old school. I gotta think of the old old. Lemme think of one. I'll think before we go mine Your grace and mercy. That's a good one. That why Audition. No Grayson man. See I like, I like, well it's not really old but it's like stand stand.


I love all these. I love all these good. The good spiritual hymns. Yeah. Miss that good music. Miss that good music. Yes. Okay. Alright. Well is it Humble? Baddies? I think it might be all right. Who's got it? Want read it? I got it right here. I me to want me to speak on it. Go ahead. Yep, go ahead. Okay. Hey Humble Baddies, this is from Kayla from Dallas, Texas. Okay. Hey Kayla. Hey Kayla. Hey Humble Baddies, love y'all so much And I need your help because this situation is messy.


Mm. I've been dating this guy for eight months and everything's been going great. At first I kept them to myself, but about three months ago, I finally introduced them to my family and friends. All good. Right? Wrong. This past weekend he hit me with a, we need to talk text naturally. I started panicking, thinking the worst. And guess what? It kind of was the worst because he used to date one of my close friends. Now he swears it was not that serious. But the gag is, he met her three months ago and said nothing until now.


I feel like he should have told me. The second he realized they knew each other. So what do I do Badies? Do I keep it moving and stay with him or is this a red flag that means it's time to go? Would you feel betrayed or am I overreacting? I think she's overreacting a little bit. Like to just let it go. I would first communicate and see what's going on before I just let it go. Just communicate and find out what, what happened. I'm confused. So, okay, so she was date, they've been dating for eight months and then he just met her three months ago. So he friend been dating both. So like, And you say like, Hey guys, You know, she never told her friend that she was dating this guy.


And so now he intro, she introduced him to everyone like, Hey y'all, this is my boo. You know, we've been rocking. And then he was like, we need to talk. 'cause he actually really know friend. I mean, I feel like he's trying to be open, You know, and have a conversation. So he's trying, it's not like I don't feel like he's trying to be sneaky. He probably had to like muster up his confidence to say something. So I don't think, You know, that she needs to run or anything. I don't think it's a red flag. It might be a yellow flag. Like caution, slow it up. Yeah. Yeah. But You know, see how he moves after this. And then also like follow up, like ask all the questions.


Okay, so where did y'all meet? How did y'all meet? Blah blah blah. Who else have you talked to? Like, who else? You know, who are you, who else are you dating? Like, just have enough follow up questions and make sure you get the answers so you can move accordingly. That's true. Yeah. I like that. Yeah, because it's a big step when you start to meet the family and friends. Obviously that means he is serious. But then I'm glad he did communicate And you didn't find out way later. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I feel like that's a good thing that he did step up. He was very con like, we need to talk. Which is scary for everybody. It's not just you. Whenever you get that text, we need to talk you, your heart starts to be fast. You start internalizing things. Okay.


So I feel like he definitely showed like a, a great example of communication. Like look, we have talked before and, And I be, I feel Like, You know, sometimes it, it's, it's tough to hear, but you gotta hear it. You have to understand it, You know? 'cause you don't wanna now go be out another time and then like you see this person and no one knew except for those two. That's when it becomes a red flag and very much shady. So I'm glad he did say something. That way they can move forward with it or she can say how she feels about it or she can say that it bothers her or whatever the case may be. But at least it's, it's been, it's on the table. Yeah.


Good. Well that's some great answers. What was her name again? Alexis. Kayla. Kayla. Kayla from Dallas. Kayla from Dallas. We hope you take our advice. I think, You know, we gave some, it's, you shouldn't give it up this quick like communication. Y'all talk it out. It's not the end. It's not, yeah. Not a bad guy. Yeah. But yeah, good luck with that, Kayla. Good luck. All right you guys, that's always, we thank you all for tuning in and sending your advice, questions, concerns over to us. If they're good, we're gonna read them. If y'all wanna send y'all have a dilemma, y'all have a problem.


Y'all can contact us at contact@humblebettys.com. Make sure y'all send them in. We wanna read 'em, we wanna give you all the best advice from the Humble Baddies. That's right. But we thank you guys from tuning in. Make sure you all follow, subscribe, tell your family members, tell your church members, tell your pastor. Tune in to Humble Baddies and subscribe to Humble Baddies at Humble Baddies podcast on YouTube. Follow us on Instagram. Until next time, we'll see y'all again on Wednesday. See y'all, see you Wednesday.


Hey y'all, it's your girl Cheeky and I'm back with a brand new season of your favorite podcast, cheeky and Chill. I'll be sharing even more personal stories with you guys and as always, you'll get my exclusive take on topics like Love, personal Growth, health, family Ties and more. And don't forget, I'll also be dishing out my best advice to you on episodes of Dear Cheeky, it's going to be an exciting year And I hope that you can join me. Listen to Cheeky and Chill season four on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skarr. Sabine Run, Spector five. I'm Taylor Gray as a Bridger Specter six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowe moderator. Each Week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from this series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom Voices, Zar Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. So hang On because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are your ears bored? Yeah. Are you looking for a new podcast that will make you laugh, learn, and say Yeah. Then tune into Loca Tora Radio Season 10 today. Okay, Now that's what I call a podcast. I'm the, I'm Mala, The host of Loca Tora Radio, A radiophonic novella, which Is just a very extra way of saying a podcast. Listen to URA Radio, season 10 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called The Edge of Daybreak, recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The end Daybreak Eyes of Love was supposed to have been followed up by another Apple. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.