
You're listening to an iHeart podcast. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy, by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist. At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule.


Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. Amy Robach and TJ Holmes. Here, Diddy's former protege television personality, Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real.


I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Chase sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


Hey, when's last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hit music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI Love this station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa. What snap I Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey, music station hot 99 5. All right. Yeah.


It's time to get into segment three. Oh, this is gonna be a good one and it's gonna raise a lot of questions. The bank account is still open, son. Oh yeah, yeah. All right. Our next segment is about none other than Dave. How you say Port? No, Courtney Port? No, the bar Stewart and the founder of Oh, the, so Shannon Sharp did a interview with him recently and it just, it went crazy. His comment in regards to he still allows access, allows his ex-wife ex to have access to his, his account people was going in on him.


Yeah, they were. And I even, I even put my 2 cents in and ended up with like over 17,000 comments. It showed that wipes. I saw it. That's a, that's a good man, Savannah. That's a good man. Yeah. I was like, and that's why he's blessed. You know, let's be real. He's the owner of bars, the founder of bars, sports. And You know, this is also a stigma in our community too. I feel like, 'cause it was, the men were the ones that was like chiming in on what I said. And what I said by he is, the reason why he's blessed is because, You know, I don't know if they have children or not, but he, he's protected and providing still.


Like she was there, he said it, he was like, I believe it's loyalty and I couldn't afford a hamburger. And here she is right there supporting me. And You know, what, what did Drake say? Started from the bottom. Now we here. And he said they broke up by the time he really made it and he wanted her to enjoy that. So, You know, like it's no fun on a yacht alone, You know what I'm saying? Bring your people around and if they do have children, why wouldn't you want her to be protected and in her mind to be free and carefree and your children, if they don't have children, it's the next people around you, your friends, You know, like, I made a y'all so y'all don't have to suffer. You know? So I looked at it like, even from a spiritual perspective of the fact that he's still like being generous and he's giving to her.


Like, You know, they didn't work out. So he's not bitter. He's healed, she's healed. They can be friends. And I want my friends to be up there with me. You know, you got your roll on, I got my roll on. We, we hearing this together, we, it's no fun shopping and swiping and it's a lot of money. Like what's that gonna do? It's a lot of money. I mean, I don't know if the, the viewers did the research or don't know who they, he's talking about this is wealth. And again, if you have generational wealth and you don't have children, again, I don't, I don't know anything. But your friends employ them and, and make them up there with you. You know, it's, it's a big deal. And You know, she's even dating someone else.


We're so caught up on the next getting it after us or I work so hard, so you can't have it. We wanna hoard it. We wanna, You know, keep it for ourselves and You know, it's too much bitterness. And he's clearly not bitter. He, you can tell he still loves her. It's a respect thing at the end of the day. And so that's what I said, what I said about the fact that that's why he's blessed. 'cause he is gonna keep getting more, which he is. He's gonna keep giving it away. Which whether it's philanthropy, friends or You know, his ex or whatever. I mean, it's a bank account. And honestly, I'm sure he has more than one bank account, but that's enough for her. Where he, he get that if she wanted to, she can rob him. That means she has access to everything and he trusts her fully.


And that's what we have to do at the end of the day. Like that's who she is. That's her character. And he trusts that he's trusted her then back in the day and he trusts her now. And I'd rather have people I trust that have access to my bank account, You know, maybe we don't know. She's good with numbers and has been helping them pay bills and, and keeping 'em or organized. We don't know any of this stuff. Okay. It sounds all good. What you said, Lex, now put your Yeah. On the opposite side. And you are that new woman coming in, he probably in for about five years now. And you find out that his ex still have access to his funds. It's coming from a healed place because I'm now his new situation and because I'm with this man and we have this connection and he's honest with me, then it is what it is.


I'm not harboring that energy into this new relationship. I would hope that's attracted to a man that's generous and right and has that choice and that loyalty and not have that energy of like, hatred from the ex and that heaviness don't bring that shit into my new relationship about, it's not about hatred. I feel like generous and loyal. And that's a lot like we're not talking about just like looking out if you, this is what we talking about. We're talking about like marital access, right? So if you're not married anymore, I'm almost wondering why y'all got divorced in the first place. Exactly. So that the new chick, there should be boundaries, marital access. You're not married anymore. I understand that it, and be, if I had it like that in, in whatever the case, she can have that access to that account fully.


And for foremost. And I'm sure he has another account. So no, it would not bother me. I ain't going, I ain't going for that. Not about me. We are women. We are, are territorial. Like, okay, now that you're in this situation, I understand y'all had something, but baby let's, let's respect our, our relationship. Because what happens is now she still has access. It's gonna, it may not cause confusion right then and there, but it eventually it's gonna cause confusion. A woman who's not with you anymore and still has financial access over all of what we have coming in because it's now because we're together. This is wealth, not, You know, rich.


It doesn't, it doesn't, it doesn't matter, Lex. It's just bound access. I get, I get the boundaries 100% and I get that. But again, there's more than one account guys. Like if, if does she has access to it. I don't mind having a family phone. I still, sorry girl, you land right now. Many, there's many accounts guys. I'm looking like that. There's many accounts. There's many accounts. It's a family account. It doesn't, that's an US account. He said he didn't say it's many accounts. He said if she, well we don't know. She, he said this out his mouth. If she wanted to, she can rob him. She can take off. And she hasn't honey, she hasn't full view.


She hasn't. But what we are talking about is he's in a new relationship. Married and she still, that wouldn't bother you? Nope. Oh my goodness. Nope. This comes from a hill place, y'all. I really just thinking, letting yourself make up. I'm just saying Think you lost again. You need again, go back to that. This is, we talking about like, You know, if you like look at Mackenzie Bezos and You know, all these, these, they have, it's a lot of money out. We're talking about a lot of money. We're not talking about, You know, a regular situation like, You know, the masses, You know what I mean? This is, I'm just going off of what he said.


He was like, I could not afford a hamburger. We broke up before I made it to this level. And No, that's fine. He's, we're not saying not, but to have full access of all financials, when you are in a new relationship, that's, that's not common and that's not normal and that's not acceptable. It's not, it's not common and it's not normal. It either is this situation that's not, that's, it's common. I'm not saying it's common, but if there's open dialogue, it's the open book and this is what you do and this is what y'all been doing. No, it's not gonna bother me. Especially if it's not hindering nothing that we got going on. That means you're being fully open and honest. Imagine all the people who have bank accounts that people don't know about and y'all married and y'all together and, and they're hiding all this stuff behind your back.


And that's true. And that's not the vibe. That's not the vibe. Yeah. So that's what I'm just trying to say that I understand and I'm just being honest Lex, I I just, yeah, I I don't think anybody would agree with another woman, but especially an ex or or another man having, I have a perfect example about having full control over your whole financial statements and have access to it. That's just What about the rock? What happened with the Rock? The Rock, his ex-wife is his manager. She gets him all his deals. He's, he is very much married and has children, a whole nother family. And she still is.


It's, it's different. She's his manager. This like pull and and take money. She's not a manager. She just, he's basically saying whenever basically what's mine is yours. It's not a manager. Is he remarried or we just Yes, he's remarried with children. No, I'm, I'm talking about Mr. Barco. Oh, Scott. No, I don't think so, but I dunno, I dunno. It's just again, to the point where even the ex is Mar is actually dating. He said she's dating someone and it's not a big deal again. And I at eating right now. You at eating on bars, what you mean? Yeah, well it comes with the territory, You know what I mean?


Just like someone's benefiting off of my last name or something. Or you guys' or whatever. You know what I'm saying? It's just, it's just another way of saying, look, I just wanna open an honest relationship. Again. We don't know what people, what work wis are doing at these men's jobs. We don't know how if they over there helping paying the bills and they got access to the Amex and, and swiping on the themselves making reservations. So it it's different levels of it. They might have, they might have access to one, one of the cards, but also, yeah, that's all I'm just trying to say. I'd rather be honest. Like, look, this is my, this is my ex-wife. She was there when I had nothing. She has access to this account and this is what it is.


It's worked for us. This is what I'd rather that than me finding out and the other way. So if that was me and a man was open and honest and he told me that I would look him right in his eye. Say, go get your woman please because you love that lady and it's okay. You love that lady. Go get that lady 'cause you love her. That's your soulmate. Go get your lady. Because it aint, it can't, I would hope, I would hope that he does love her, but he doesn't have to be with her. That's dis a respect. Respect. I'm just saying I don't, You know, that's, that's a lot of, it's a lot. Maybe it's just s good. I understand it, it sounds good, but in reality, no matter how, but it, it's gonna eventually cause some type of controversy no matter how.


Okay. Yes. You know, when we in that, that love stage, okay babe, but just naturally it's your whole finance, like over everything. She can pull whenever she wants to. And she in the beginning Think you may, you may love him in the beginning, but eventually it will cause some type of controversy. And I love the fact that, You know, he, you can tell he is that kind of guy that was like, whatever she wants, let her have it. That's a different kind of confidence. Whatever she wants in the divorce, Lawrence, because she, because she deserves it. She, she was there for me. You know, You know what, what he's been through.


So I I I'm kudos to him for that. I, I actually glad that he said it. I haven't heard this before where a man has been that confident to be like, I trust her or, or You know, I'm loyal to my people. That's you. I'd rather actually I would work for this man. I would actually, You know, that's why I be friends with him. I would like, I would like him to. I'm glad he said what he said and kudos for, You know, shout out to Shannon Sharp for that because I don't think I've ever heard this before where a man is sitting there with this access and he is Barstool Sports by the way. Right. Very masculine, very macho. And he's saying, You know what, which a man's weakest point is their wallet. Right. You know that that's what it's gonna hurt them the most.


And that lets me know that he's running his business a good, in a great way. He's running his household in a great way. 'cause he is confident. You know, he is like, it's not What's that? What's that? I got it here. She was here when I had nothing. He's rich. Yes, he's rich. That's what it's So I'm glad he said what he said because we needed to hear that. And it lets You know who's healed and who's not. No. A lot people wanna get her. Not gonna lie. She sounds like a, a woman. She really does. I kind of wanna meet her 'cause she left such an impression on him, her loyalty, what she was to him. She left such an impression on his heart and his life that he's like, my life's work, my life's work.


My fortune. I leave it open. He raised right. He definitely trust, protect them. Not because some women get carried away and he, you can say, I agree. You definitely take care of her. Some women get carried away. Exactly. Exactly. Become bigger and will take any and everything. You never I agree. How someone is after a breakup. Correct. Honestly, I'm really just sad. They divorced. I'm, I'm sorry, I'm, I'm just sad. They divorced. There's people married, but people though, they might, they can't together. They can't trust each other. They can't trust as far as they can throw you. And here these are apart and that is, that is. And then they, to come to somebody different you have, you have them get, get to what they need to be. And it's like you forget everything that they have done.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon, we are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine nine nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800.


Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade-In and additional terms apply. Amy Robach and TJ Holmes here, Diddy's former protege television personality, platinum selling artist Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. Aubrey O'Day is sitting next to us. Here you are. As we sit here, right up the street from where the trial is taking place. Some people saw that you were going to be in New York. Yeah. And they immediately started jumping to conclusions. So can you clear that up? First of all, are you here to testify in the Diddy trial? Aubrey will offer her opinions and expertise based on her firsthand knowledge from her days on making the band as she emerged as the breakout star.


The truth of the situation would be opposite of the glitz and glamor. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st, presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guests for meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages to meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me/tour to get your tickets.


It is a lot of those people out there. I just think at it like, I look at it like this because I was in this life for years and on a, a very high level of seeing that the, You know, our, our our, we got the, the posse and it's all of us in the club and you popping bottles and spending 20 K and taking the homies shopping because they came up with you from back in the day. Right. You know what I'm saying? And you get a car and they, everyone gets a chain. When I get a chain, it's that same mentality, You know what I mean? And his, his friend is a female. It's his ex-wife. And I think it's dope. Again, we should have this energy, but a lot of us are bitter. A lot of us are holding generational heaviness. And I feel like it doesn't have to be bitter.


All that regards to that. I feel like that is extreme to a certain point. Especially once a new relationship isn't involved. But you can still take care of somebody. Correct. Make sure that they're good with that. That means you really care about them. That means he really trusts her. Yeah. He really trusts her and he really care about her enough to be like, look, I'm handing this over to you and do You know, go, go, go, go. You know, again, when when sexy Lexi y come pulls up, I can't, I don't wanna be on there by myself. Y'all, y'all have to come like, You know, you just gotta ride, gotta ride out. Okay.


Yeah. Yeah. He still does Does this give he still emotionally connected energy or could it just be convenience and trust? I think it's a combination of both. Yeah. I think it's everything. Yes. He's in, he is connected and he should be. Yeah. He's re it's respectful. That's like his family, this extended family. And now he's, he's a multimillionaire or whatever and she was there when I had nothing. Just if even if she was a a, a man, same thing. What do you think Portia? I think it's everything. I think that there is, I'm sure he still loves her. I'm, I'm not gonna say he probably loves her romantically, but he still loves her.


Correct. He definitely appreciates her because that, it seems like a kind of appreciation. And also I think that it could, he just, he probably knows her wealth or not, she might not even be a big spinner. She might go out and really try to blow her load and buy everything she's ever wanted. And it still wouldn't mean much to him. It still wouldn't exactly add up. She couldn't really just be one of them girls just like, You know, simple in that way of, You know, nothing too extravagant. She doesn't overconsume like he knows her so it, You know, it feels, it sounds odd because they're divorced. Correct.


And for me, if I had found somebody, You know, as a man and You know, I didn't have anything and then I'd have all of this and I could still trust her with my fortune and my, and and she's with somebody else and he's like, yeah, she could take a half a billion to pay for her own wedding and she can do that. If I really had that type of trust and affinity for somebody, I don't even think I'd be able to let them go because I just feel like that's just so rare. It's rare. It's rare. You know what I mean? So yeah. I mean, yeah, I think he loved that lady and he needed Yeah. Lady back. And it would be, it would be hard for another woman to come in and accept that, I don't care how secure you are, but to be able to feel some shoes like that and it will cause some type, I don't care what people say, it will cause some type of insecurity if you don't have any.


It's just, it's natural. It's a natural feeling. So people can say, oh You know, this, that, and the third. No, it's a natural feeling. It is. We're human beings because I, there are a lot of divorced men who still take care of their wives in a way that like, You know, they're still there for them or if they have a lot of money, they still and not like on some court order. Like, You know, I still wanna make sure she's okay. Yeah. This is taking it a step in a few notches. Yes, it is. It is. It's very rare. Yeah. This is, this is just turned up a bit. Like a lot actually. It's a lot. It is. That's why, that's why it's like views and so many comments and all that energy because you not heard this, you got lot like blacks to be able to take on some shit like that.


Unless you what? Unless You know you got your blindfolds on. I don't care about, nah, I want, I want, I'm, You know, I am, I am projecting and very much like putting out there a healed man, a generous man, A man that is very much wanna love me and put me on a pedestal and be honest and, and it coming from a healed place. So like, You know, talk to me. Yeah, let's talk about it. What works for you? That's what naturally there's nothing wrong with that. That's not what I'm saying. Like I would love to be with someone like that. What I'm saying is naturally it's still gonna cause some type of insecurities or something because we're na naturally we're human beings.


No matter how healed you are, no matter how it's gonna, something is gonna question. Wow, he really trusts this person. Oh wow, she really trusts this person. What is it? It's just, it may not even be a lot, but it's still gonna raise some, some antenna. Why is this person, why does this person still have full access? Even, even if he explained why with full access while we're together, I'm gonna be, I think what's gonna end up happening if he does like say, Hey, I found someone. We're together, we're serious. Then there there's gonna be some, some differences. Like it's gonna be a different bank account, I'm sure. But I mean we're speculating.


I don't know. We don't, we don't, it it's funny because like all the women are like yes, yes, yes, yes. King. Yes. Yeah. And all the men are like, it is crazy. Yeah. And the men are like on the other side that's just coming in. They want be saying Yes king. Yes King. They gonna be like, okay baby, let's, let's hold up, scroll up. Yes. Alright. Now no more. Okay. It's enough. I know she was there riding with you, but now you have, You know, a new sheriff in town. Let's lay out some boundaries. And that's, and that's fine. Did he say if he have somebody, I'm not saying, I'm not saying don't take care of her or stop taking care of her. Yes, you can add your boundaries.


Now it's us. We're in a relationship for sure. Want somebody on the outside to see what we are investing in or what we're spending in like create boundaries for sure. You, we want boundaries point. For sure. For sure. You, I'm not saying you not to have boundaries, You know, at all. You definitely wanna speak up and say what, what makes you feel any kind of way, You know, child, that's his pocket account. That's how I feel Port that his, that his account. That's what I'm saying. Like if you really, he so the cas baby, he gotta, yeah, exactly. Like it's okay guys, it's okay. There's more where that came from. Like I, I look at again Mackenzie Scott who was married to Jeff Bezos, like she can't, it's just too much money.


She just got a kid giving it away. It is so much. You know, like, come on. He's like, she was there with me in the garage when it, You know, like it is what it is. She has shares. I mean she was there in the center and I wish more, I wish more of us, but she ain't got full access. She ain't got full access. But she got her own, she got her own access. Right. You know, it is what it is. Yeah. He took care of her, You know, he makes sure whatever she wants. With this situation, I just can't, I can't be with somebody who allows ano their ex to have full access. I'm just saying it's a lot more people that we just dunno, I don't mind him taking care of like taking that person. I'll be with person. We navigate, we gonna figure it out together.


Boo boo. I'll stay with you now, but we gonna navigate. Yeah, we figure it out together. We, we gotta figure this out. Just think of, just think of everyone who You know that again, they don't know about even secret accounts. So he's putting it out there like look, she got access to this one, so, so be it. Okay. That I'd rather that, I'd rather that with the X than a secret bank account where he is over here doing other stuff. So that's that. Yeah. But that ain't how he put it out. He said, baby girl got access to everything. I wanna meet her. She sounds like court, he tell you. That's interesting. Nothing against old lady, nothing against it. You know what I mean? She sounds Yeah, she got one.


Yeah. Here for it. Okay ladies be honest. Have you ever kept tabs on an X bank account, emails or social socials after and breakup? No. No, I didn't keep tabs. The only thing that I did with my ex is making sure that the bills are paid, but you should Cool. I limited experience in that department. So yeah. Making sure. That's great. Make sure this is paid. Make sure have taps of it. Just reminder, friendly reminder. Hey this. Yeah, no, it's over. So wish you well Alexis, I get the feeling very, you had, obviously it looks amicable, but you had like your divorce, was it easy peasy?


Hell no. Like hell no. No, because you're essentially giving, paying someone two, two different parties who don't know anything about you. They don't know your history, they don't know your pillow talk, they don't know how you feel like you gonna raise your kids. They don't know anything that you wanna do together as co-parenting, as is on an umbrella of what your family, what you have for your family, your travel, your this, your that. So they go by regulations of a board or a, a metric, a metrics, You know, this, this rubric, scale of slide, this number in here, slide this number in here, this is what we've done because this is the law. So I was in a different position obviously because You know, there just because right.


We all, we all know that. So it was a, it was not, it was a lot of, because I met Mario when we were 19. So it's been a lot of buildup of his wealth and our wealth together. We started off very young at this again. So like I look at it like, You know, he could have gone to the left with his career or he could have gone to the right. But in the court, in the courts, they don't care if you're a girlfriend. They don't care if you've been put in some work and some blood, sweat hours and and all that. Yeah. If you don't have that piece of paper with your last name on there that says, this was my wife or my husband, you, it don't count, you don't get benefits from the NBA. You don't get benefits from anything else.


You gotta get your own medical, you gotta get your own. This, you are still separate. So like, You know, you could be with someone for so many years and get no benefits from it on paper. You know what I'm saying? So like, it was not amicable, but because people, you coming from a hurt space too, you also, it's very instant. You're coming from embarrassment. You're coming from a place of like trying to figure out the future. Because at the end of the day, a divorce is like death and You know, you go through these different moods. So one day you could be mad at that person. The next day you could be sad. The next day you can have remorse. The next day you have just all these different issues. So whatever that, that lawyer is putting in front of you that day and you're making that decision, you're thinking about the lifelong dream now becoming a reality in real time.


Because this now is over. You know, you plan to go on trips a year ahead. You plan on saving these things and your children going to this school and this, this and this. That all is financial awareness and planning. So when it's now stripped and now being able to split, you're splitting banks, your accounts, you're splitting investments, you're, you're splitting portfolios, you're splitting all these assets that would've collaborative. Like, You know, when you're collaborating with a net worth, now you're splitting it. It's horrible, it's horrifying and it's splitting up the generational wealth. But at the end of the day, the beautiful blessing is because we do have a family, we do have four children.


We invested properly and we also make sure our children are good. Because at the end of the day, that's the focus. People start getting individual indi, well he's not gonna be in my house or the house that I put my money in. It shouldn't be about that. Are the kids safe? Is this where they go to school? Are their friends in the neighborhood? Is this the kind of car they should be driving because it's safer rather than, You know, x, y, and Z. So I look at it like this, you have to be careful who you lay with at the end of the day. Because say that again. You never, okay. You have to be careful who you lay with at the end of the day because the child is forever. You know what I mean? So at that's who our, my first, my my our priority is are the children.


What's best for them. Exactly. So I know what you mean by like, when the attorneys come through and they're just like, You know, they don't know you personally. They don't know everything that you put in. They don't know the dynamics of the relationship. They're just going by the metric system. You have to have a separate conversation. Be like, okay, your lawyer don't know me, he ain't fair. He finna get hit. Yeah. You know what I mean? Did you have to? And they're doing their job and so is mine. So they'll put in stuff in your ear like, oh, you should do this. Or the in the opposing, again, it's a battle and it's the finale. You know what I mean? That's it. Once there is you sign on that dotted line, it's over. You know? And you can't go back and be like, oh, I made a mistake or I I was just playing.


You know what I mean? No, it's setting standard because it has to be, it's a legal binding contract and you have to add, adhere to it. You know what I mean? So it's just, it's a tough, it's a tough thing. That's why I don't recommend divorce to anybody. You know, you splitting and it's, it's heartbreaking. But it, it has to happen. Would you, would you, would you would've tried to read Candled looking at it now, looking at now and make made it work instead of after going through that divorce, would you have tried to fight a little harder to make it work? Do y'all see this skin? It look like bother me, okay. I'm my best. I'm, let me just be real with y'all.


Like with any, with any breakup. Okay, I'm glow up, I'm glowing up and this was all God's plan and I am following my dreams. I would've been more distracted because I'm very much a hands-on wife. Yeah. And so it's, I and I was behind this, this, this God of a man on earth that everyone worships. And that's a lot of work. Okay. Work. That's a lot of work behind the scenes behind these doors. And we have kids and we have y'all in comments and we have everyone in our business and we got family we gotta take care of. And we got uk all these things. So that's a full-time job. So now it's different because I am learning my financial awareness for my household.


I am grocery shopping for myself and my kids. I am planning in time managing my mental time and my doctor's appointments. And I'm looking out for Alexis and I'm happy. So this was all God's plan for me to not be in that situation because I am in love with Alexis. And now whoever gets all of this is getting in a complete, just a whole work. You know what I'm saying? Babe? You need to say it again. Tell the people You know, you a real wife and you a good wife. Bitch. I have no regrets to get, get all these blessings. Like I said, when you, when you're a good wife, you were plucked in. That shit works. You wife, baby, come on now.


You're a good wife. That Proverbs woman. Okay. I'm only, these babies are graduating. These babies are clean. These babies are fed. They sleep good at night. They're in a beautiful neighborhood. We safe. Oh baby, we good over here? Ooh, let me, let me just interject. 'cause I was having this conversation with somebody earlier today. They were talking about Cardi B and Stefan, what's his name? Stefan. Stefan Dig. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. So somebody, it was, it was a comment or something and I had a conversation with somebody about the comment like, oh, You know, she left her husband just to go beyond like somebody's roster type thing. And I said, wait, wait a minute. Wait. Now s the thing, here's the thing is it will look like that.


It will look like because she was a wife. And a lot of people feel like that is the prize. And it is a prize. It is an honor. But it's also like, if your husband has a roster, why wouldn't you be in a better position if you just stop being a wife and you gobble somebody else? And yes, you're on his roster, but you're not a wife because being a wife is so much. It's a lot. It's a lot. A lot. You have. Yeah. So much obligation. Yeah. So much sacrifice, so much energy. I prompt you. I like, if Andre wasn't here, do you think I was so freely just become somebody else's wife again?


Get the away from me. Absolutely not. I'm not ever gonna love another person ever this month myself. The way that I have given. It's so serious. And if you are a wife and your wife, and yes, if you really, You know, take honor in that title on exhausting. So I'm sitting there like, it's okay, she's with this man. And, and she might be on a roster or he could be on hers. But being a wife is exhausting. And if you're going to do all of that, like you don't wanna be doing all that for your husband who got a roster. Come on now. It gets tiring. It's, they, they've been famously known to like, have already been like, try to be like, put the divorce papers out there.


Right. So she taught that. So toxic. That was a toxic. Be happy, don't worry, be happy. Move on. He happy Amy Robach and TJ Holmes here. Diddy's former protege television personality, platinum selling artist Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. Aubrey O'Day is sitting next to us. Here you are. As we sit here, right up the street from where the trial is taking place. Some people saw that you were going to be in New York. Yeah. And they immediately started jumping to conclusions. So can you clear that up? First of all, are you here to testify in the Diddy trial?


Aubrey will offer her opinions and expertise based on her firsthand knowledge from her days on making the band as she emerged as the breakout star. The truth of the situation would be opposite of the glitz and glamor. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. We only have one time with this life. Y'all. One time. Yeah. That's it.


I'm not gonna be miserable. I'm not gonna be trying to make so one side and trying to make something working. Yeah, you draining. You're doing all the white duties and they you got a whole roster and yeah. That's not right. That's lopsided. That's not equally yolked yolk. It's not. But You know, I'm not, but You know, I'm, I'm very much for marriage and I be looking at you in a mind. Me too. Me too. Thank you. You know what I mean? I'd be like, thank you. I wish they could. Well we have more past. We, we put in, we put in, we put in half of two decades, we put in half. And guess what he got me forever time. He got me forever with these grand babies. 'cause I'm gonna be there. He got me at every graduation. When you were at graduation.


Yeah. But You know, somebody else here and get all this, this goodness and this blessing baby, because I don't go back. Glowy skin. Sexy look. Go ahead. Give a little shape. This is, this is, this is the diamond in the rough over here. You know, listen, listen. If y'all lick L and ready to, you see that skin is glowing. Lex know how to cook. She know how to clean. She know how to be a fool. I know she kind of been feeling this up a little bit lately. I'm thinking she might might already have a little something, a little something bite. She, she got little. So so she got little. Yeah. You got Yeah. Oral possibly. She, she got, she got some, she got three.


And I possible, listen, I'm here. I'm here l you do what's to say? I'm happy. I'm good. Like we, we, I'm, I'm happy. I travel free. I'm, I'm, everything is moving in my direction right now. I'm God's favor right now. Like I'm loving. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm where I need to be, like emotionally, physically, spiritually, financially. Like, You know. Amen. It's a hard time from the bottom. But You know, if I would've known what I am feeling right now, then we of course we would feel like, okay, I can get over it. I, whatever. But this is work in progress. This is, this is a lot of nce. It's time.


I mean, it was, it's a lot. You heal through it and Yeah. And I'm still healing. I'm still going through it. You know, it's always something. You're right. It takes time. But look good Lex. Thank you. I feel great. Good real glowing glow. I, I need you to send me that routine that you doing for that skin to keep on blowing away glow. Can't that mask so it don't matter. Got somebody, somebody give glow. We gotta hear what the secret is today. Glow and stand over there, You know, drinking plenty of water and minding my business. Amen. Period. That's it.


Alright you guys, we got to, we gotta wrap it up. What we got next and done. Lost my notes. It was getting good and chusy. Yeah. We, we rolling? We I Think you got it. We loving it. What? We have humble body's mail what we got. Yes. We are into the last No, we have questions from the segment we on. I'm the humble. Perfect. Portia, you wanna take that? You got to the, no, hold on. I don't have it.


I can do it. I'm ready. I don't have it. I got it. I'm ill. Okay. So we'll wrap it up with this, this last segment. So here are questions from the Humble Baddies fans. If you had to leave the us what are your top two places you would move to? Ladies? I'm not Yes, you're gonna answer. You're gonna answer. Why not? I'm gonna say Italy. Yes. I love Italy. That's where I have to go to in the Caribbean because I love beaches and I love sun and I love sand. But Italy is kind of my vibe.


I love that. I love that. I love Italy. And I would also, since we lived in Israel, I would actually live back in Israel. I loved it over there. And it's a good access point to other cities and countries too. So, nice Italy for the food, I probably would move to Paris. Ooh, Patty. Yes. And one other place. Other place. I'm probably, I probably would move too. Lagos. Okay. I love that. There we go.


Shoot. You get one redo in life. What moment are you going back to fix or relief? And you can't say I wouldn't change anything. Oh, but I wouldn't. Oh my God. You going to back to fix or relive. Yeah. Okay. Or relive. Oh man. I would relive a lot of stuff. Yeah. I would relive a lot of stuff too. I would probably go back and relive not getting married at an early age and experience my youth. I wouldn't, I probably would relive, You know, having no, 'cause I'm, I'm blessed.


Nothing. Yeah. I actually, You know, getting married at a early age and, and just living and experiencing youth. Hmm. Okay. So you, are we asking this question with like, okay, we could change anything, but we would end up right back here anyway. I that I get married. I wouldn't get married so early. I got married at 20 because that would change my answer. If I knew that I would have all of this right now and I'd be who I was and everything would be what it would be, then yeah, I would change something. If I knew I'd still be here. Yeah. I'll still be where I'm at today.


If I didn't, even if I didn't get married early reliving moment. Ooh. Trying to, to think. I wanna say mine. Portia, this is uncut and unfiltered. We don't kill and we don't, that's to think, we're trying to think of mine. I say all the time that if I could have skipped a lot of the, a lot of the growing pains in my relationship in my twenties, that I absolutely would have, like when he was working my nerves, if I could have just told him to go and buy his business. But I knew that we would eventually come back together and, and do what we're doing now.


That would be perfect. But Lord, if, if I just could have couldn't tell you getting on my nerves, You know what I mean? If I, you need to go away from me with that and then come back 28, You know what I mean? 27, 28. And then, because let me tell you, my twenties was so tumultuous and so dramatic for no reason at, for no reason at all. Just figuring, just us figuring out that we loved each other was exhausting. It was exhausting. I would say that it spent, I get that time being exhausted.


But if I know, like if we would just end up right back here with our kids and we're married and everything is, is easier, then yeah, I would change that. I think for me, if I were to relive a moment, would probably right before I had kids, I think I would've just waited longer. But then at the same time, while you having kindergarten graduation, I have two drivers and they're two graduated. So like, I guess I would just relive that moment of like that freedom before children and just like, You know what, where would I have lived or traveled to or whatever.


But it's kind of worked out because it's like, You know, I'm, I'm living it right now, so Yeah. And at the same, You know, I feel like, and it goes both ways with everyone, You know, at the same time I'm like, I would've told him to gone by this business, but then she used to breeze one my twenties was so much fun. Yeah, I know right about it. I Think you glad there was still some good with the bad. Yeah. And that's everything. Way more been bad. He's getting tired. But no, we had more good this's. Definitely more good. We gotta wrap it up. Some great traveled though. We had fun. All right, we, we gotta wrap it up.


So we gonna do one more good question. Okay. Number four. Number four. Would you date someone who doesn't believe in birthdays, holidays, or gift giving? Oh, it's a, yeah. It's a hard no for me. No, that's a note because that one my love language gets Yes. And receiving. Do them all. Yes. No, no, no. I like, I like celebrations. I like memories. Me too. Yes. Yeah. I make the big deal a lot of holidays and I wanna That's right. Like, no, I can't force myself with you 'cause it's gonna cause confusions. No baby. I love a festive partner. I want someone that's like pulling out the decorations before I can or just looking forward to something.


You know what I mean? Like, let's, let's turn up, let's have a good time. Let's have people over. Let's, let's enjoy life. Yeah. Well yeah. Like at the very least, I don't need you to be as enthusiastic as I am, but I need you to not contest me when I say I wanna throw something on a grill. Yeah. Want these people to come over. Don't, don't, don't roll your eyes. When I say I want to make, she want her soda, she want her hot dog. She wanna be pink childish. Yeah. With the love and the little jump juices. The oil on top. Yes.


I need that. Alright you guys, that's enough. I hope Annie tonight we enjoyed you guys. We sure do. Thank you for your stories, Lex. You know you are amazing. You always giving great advice. Portia is funny as hell. Yeah. Y'all make sure y'all follow, y'all tell them what they can follow you guys. I'm sure Rosado on Instagram. I'm Alexis underscore Somy on Instagram and I'm at Oro on Instagram. Yeah. Also follow Humble Baddies podcast and make sure you subscribe to Humble Baddies podcast on YouTube and tell all your people to subscribe. Until next time, we'll see y'all on Wednesday.


Amy Robach and TJ Holmes here, Diddy's former protege television personality. Danity King alum Aubrey O'Day joins us to provide a unique perspective on the trial that has captivated the attention of the nation. It wasn't all bad, but I don't know that any of the good was real. I went through things there. Listen to Amy and TJ Presents Aubrey O'Day covering the Diddy trial on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You're listening to an iHeart podcast.