
This is an iHeart podcast. Hey, when's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hi music, but also a lot more like intern John in your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMV. I Love the station. You talk about real Stuff, and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists. And we're all giving a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa, snap. I kill. Awesome. We're DC's number one. Hey, music station hot 99 5.


All right, have y'all seen, You know, prom season has just passed. They aren't getting outrageous prom hos or pressure Are teenagers doing too much? Crown proposals have officially turned into a full on production. Think billboards, exotic cars, rented animals, and influencer level videography. What used to be a sweet high school tradition is now a viral performance. But here's the real question. Are these teams celebrating love? Or are they being pulled into a cloud chasing culture too early? Have you do y'all, it gets part of your year each year.


Pure entertainment. I look forward to it because it is a show. The prom props all the way into these extravagant sendoff parties and, and musical. We, I mean, I saw camels, I saw, I've seen the top exotic vehi vehicles, by the way. I've seen runway, runway collection pieces from Louis Vuitton and I mean, you name it, all the diamonds and the dancing. And I'm trying to see where the hell they getting this money from. That's another thing. I don't know if this is just prom is the end all beyond the parents celebration. Okay. Like, are the parents the ones that are like, let do this.


Because it's like parents go trying to make sure they, they kids have the best the top. Like they trying to make it to the shade room. Your goal. I heard my daughter talking. She was like, Ooh, I should be this extra, I'm trying to make it to the, I said, girl, no, you ain't with what money. This is your, this is your budget. Budget and that's it. Like, we're not doing that. I big like whole, like free from parties and stuff. Like Yeah, that's what I was, they have a whole, a whole pro doing pre party for, for the adults to take for the kids. Everybody just meet at somebody house and then, You know, you, it's not even popping.


Those type of cars. We had the extended limo thing, the limo stretch limo cat. Right. That was hourly, by the way. And that's Uber. And then we all went to Maggiano's. The dress. The dress came from, the dress was, wasn't no custom made dress, it came from dealers and they little custom. Mine was custom, but not this, this little custom, this is over the top. I'm from the country. We ain't have no custom shit where I'm from. You had a celebration. This, You know, like, let me tell you something. It's the end of the year party. Like they, everyone's dressed up to the nines. When else are you gonna dress up? Now I'm not.


I'm been blessed. That deuce and a raised pro was very manageable. I think that's just how it is over here. Just trying to keep it manageable and be have fun. Because the after pro is the most fun anyway. The prom is just, I, You know what Ing after time? Yeah. Parties. I already, I already had went to the after party. Who song after party? Sometimes the teenager, the teenager's parents. Who for it? The, the whoever. The parent. Is that the teenager? Whoever's sponsoring the parents of that teenager. Who's sponsoring throwing it? Yeah. Where, where is all money coming from?


It's a lot. It's too much for me and we're not doing it. Deuce is, deuce was very smart. He was like, no graduation party for me. None of that. I just want this car. Thanks. Okay. I told Ariana easy. I said, you gonna get your Chanel bag, your Chanel bag. That's your graduation gift. She wanted her Chanel bag. I love that. And your, your car that you got, that Tesla that you got for Christmas, that was your Christmas gift, your graduation gift, your going off to school gift. Yeah. Don't ask nothing else. And that's car. She can have that forever. Take care of it. Right? That's Agar.


They're I was like, girl, I ain't get no, I had to buy my own car. Once I went to the military, I had to buy my own car. Like, I didn't get all this that y'all getting. Y'all have been made. They do. Our kids live a life. But You know what, it's better. I, I look at it like this. The whole point is to improve, right? And do better for your, your family. So I sit back sometimes and I'm like, wow, we're so blessed. Like, look at this. I, I had to, I had this, this car. They're getting what? They're literally their dream cars. Like what? Look at that. But, but You know what? It, it's kind of, it's like a, it's a gift and a curse. Because I noticed with, with my kids, they are so spoiled.


Like I, I always said, You know, I want them to have a better life than how I had, and I gave them that life. But now it's to a point where I feel like I have to remind them like, you have to work running. Don't fall, fall from a tree. You have to work for what you want. And I feel like a lot of times they turn into full brats entitled, it kisses me because it's Yeah. Very entitled. Very full. And I don't like that. So I have to pull myself back in and remind myself like, eventually they're gonna be adults and you're creating monsters. So everything that they ask for, don't feel bad that you don't give it, give it to them. Make them work for it.


So that's, I have to remind myself because I feel guilty when I can't. When I don't, I'll say no, and I don't stand on business. But to, that's mom guilt. That's, that's mom guilt. Like that is tough. But it's, it's hard because I'm like, I'm raising and she's an adult. She's basically, and I have to make sure that You know how to make decisions. It's not gonna be giving, you can't call me every time now because you gotta find a job. She didn't wanna work. It's like, I wanna focus on school. I wanna do this. Like, girl, when I was 16, I had a job when I, I wasn't going to school, I was working double shifts at Taco Bell. Right? Like, I need you to have that same drive that I had.


Yes. At least something. At least where you can balance. Like, look, I have X, Y, and Z, so at least meet me halfway. That's why I like to instill in my, my children too. Like, meet me halfway. I was like, girl, I had put up a, a Twitter post. So I was like, you haven't made, like, your credit is amazing. I made sure when you were 16, I put her on my, as an authorized user on my Amex. She don't know. But I, I put the card in her name and I co-signed for her. And I paid that sometimes three times a month going two times going to the principal. Like, you haven't made you have it made you, I basic set. You set up, you set her up success. Like now do something with it. Yeah. Don't fail. She won't.


I know she won't, but it's just hard. It's so hard because, You know, they can make the Yeah. Just one wrong decision or their, their mentality because they're so can ruin everything. So I, it is just like, I reinforce like now it's go time. It's the ball is in your court now, now you gotta make decisions. Yeah. You go on your own, be here to support you. But they realize the adulting is not fun. It's not, it's not. Yeah. My kids are a little younger than y'all, but I, I'm a little worried because, You know, they are around other kids who, You know, they are like, You know, I know they're gonna be driving the nice cars and getting like, You know, whatever they want really.


And it is, that's, that ain't happening over here. You know what I'm saying? So I know, I dunno how that's gonna work out, how it's gonna play out. You know what I mean? Like, we are very much, You know, trying to, You know, keep them humble and like make them work for everything. And like, they ain't about to be getting no brand new BMW, all these blah, blah, blah. All these cars, these kids out here driving. That's not happening. Like, you gonna work for your car. Like, it's gonna be a nice, get you from point A to point B type of situation. You know what I'm saying? And so I don't know what, how, like, I don't know what I'm in for child. If the prom is, y'all have free prom parties and after parties and all this stuff to worry about.


Glad you got the dress budget, just the powerful words and budget and know, yeah, are come in handy. And my thing is this, this is what I asked for. I need my diploma, I need my grades. I need my eligibility. And then the world is yours. Like obviously we set our children up to go to the best schools and to be taught by the best. So we're like, look, we are invested in your education for them to be good humans. So the work ethic, time management, keep your room clean, be organized, check in. Those things are equal value to me of like, You know, giving them that, that rearing that they need to be good, good kids.


So I feel like it's a balance with all of it, because they do have abundance. The blessing is we can give them, You know, good food, dining experiences, traveling, exposure to the world, all these things. But I think we, we, we are doing a great job of, of really, You know, raising good kids that are well-rounded and can talk to adults and, and show up and be themselves and be confident. So I think that's, that's a, that's a testament to us too. Yeah. Yes. Going back to the, going back to the prom, I just feel like we are setting our, our kids up for failure. And it's mainly, you don't see this in the, in other culture communities.


Like it's us. Like why we gotta spend so much, You know, we could, we could put that towards a trust fund. It can go towards their savings account. Like when you college, college is expensive. Exactly. Some spending money. Like, and half, half the kids look like they ain't gonna damn college. Yeah. They all this prom, like this is the end all be all. Like, this is it that made it going. Why are we doing a bang? But why are we creating this for our, You know, for our kids? Like, it's not, I don't like it. I mean, it's cute and everything, but when you think about it, financial financially, from a financially standpoint, it makes no sense. It's, it makes no sense.


And that's what we gotta get out, get out of stop spending money on materialistic things for show. We're teaching our kids like, this is okay. Yeah. And it's, and we're, we're not gonna break that, that cycle of the, the, the generational cur courage of being broke, living paycheck to paycheck, trying to stunt for Instagram and not really doing it in real life because we're everything. We're teaching them that everything is for show. And we're, we're basically, we're, we're enabling them. Them. And it's not good. I don't like it. It's a, it's in excess. It's really just, it it, to me, me it's mimic of like just rap culture in a way.


You know? Like, I saw stacks of money. Like what are we doing? Like what are we doing? Everyone's stunting. Yeah. Like it's a video shoot very much. I mean, at least one thing I know is we're putting money back into our neighborhoods. Oh, is it the white kid too? Or is it just our people doing nothing? I haven't seen, I haven't seen, seen, seen no white kids. No, it's just us. Just, hey, it's just us. And most, a lot of in Florida seen her like Florida, the king, the, the king of of it. Oh no. Okay. And there's a rival. They have just changed the whole culture prom. Yeah. I mean it's like a big competition.


It's for cl it's for that la that one shining moment. The end all like, You know, the graduation prom, we, we, we dressing up, I mean I've saw some, some gown. I saw some gowns. I saw one, this one guy had a tie that was like ex extremely long, like all the way across the, the the room. Mm. That's country as shit. It just, I saw it all like, and then we don't close. It's, it's a lot. I just, I think the parents need to chill. I really feel like it's the parents. Yeah. Parents can't on their own.


These kids can't afford all that mess. Yeah. Why are the parents, they don't have no life. Y'all have no life. If y'all doing all Yeah. Y'all are living not wearing these again, when are you gonna wear it again? I feel like they living through their children. They wanna be influencers, they wanna be famous, they wanna go viral. So they're doing it through their kids. And that's weird to put out there. Use them in that way. Like, because one, you're, You know, you're setting them up for not failure, but You know, an unrealistic thing for them. Expectations trying to keep up with, You know.


So I, I don't know. It's just, it's just all bad. All bad. What do they say? Keeping up with the Joneses, right? Yeah. That's exactly what's going on. Yeah. Yeah. Well that won't be happening over here at the Wheeler household. We can just have regular ular send off to the pro. That's how, that's how it was two, two out of four for me. So Yeah. Easy. That's how it was. I took Ariana, I, I drove. She didn't go, she didn't wanna go with anywhere. I mean, her, her boyfriend graduated early. He played for University of Georgia. So she didn't want, she just wanted to show up and I drove off uff her.


That's she such I that Yeah, that's fine. So I was good. She was so beautiful too. She did, she did her big one. Yeah. The only thing she spent the most money on was her dress. And that wasn't, I mean, that was like $2,000. It wasn't bad. My mama wouldn't buy me no damn $2,000 dress. I think I had, I think my mama gave me like, I think $300 and that was a splurge. Yeah. I welcome you. Listen, listen. We had, did you have the little, the order of, but Banana falls.


How, how the updo like a girls, what is it? Like a corn roll? Not a corn. French roll. French roll. No. Pink girls. Pink girls. The pink girls. No, I didn't, I didn't do the pin curls. I've always been a fresh press, silk press type of girl. You got that long young. I, I, I went shopping to go look for a prom dress and I didn't really see anything I liked. So I did go to the fabric store with a seamstress. And then we picked down fabric and a pattern and I did a couple fittings, but it wasn't any, it wasn't like overpriced. I had a budget with my mom and dad and so was able to get it done. And I think I had my, I I don't, I have to pull up some pictures, but we might need a short prom pictures.


I pro I went to the, I only went to the prom once I went my 11th grade year. The guy who was Mr. CHS asked me to go with him. Oh, this is pressure. Y'all know, we, when the mr the school asked you to go, it is like, oh, I got a little dinner, but I'm like, ma, I need to go to the prom. And I got look good because I'm going with the but prom Mrs. Oh no, it was the prom king. I'm going with the prom king. I need to be looking cute or whatever. So I begg my grandparents and my grandma is a faithful Dillard shopper. Ah, Dillard. She'll do the go-to the go-to do di my grandma sucked me to di and I tried, my dress was cute though.


It was fitted. She, You know, she tightened it in a little bit. My grandma got me my little Dylan dress and I was cute. Dee Deuce. Deuce had me, deuce had me write his propo on the old fashioned poster board. He took his, his date, his date, his potential date, Chick-fil-A for lunch. And it was like in that whole like Chick-fil-A theme and Aw, that was on a Wednesday and prom was on that Friday. Okay. He asked turn around. And it was easier with him because he had a suit already, which we have.


And then we just went and got him some new shoes. Well, I took them to go get some brand new shoes to match her dress that she already had because they were gonna go separate. So I do like proms. I I we didn't do that. Did y'all have that back? I asked how did you get asked to go to prom? Did it be Ma just asked me and wasn't no thought into it. Yeah, he was just like, yeah, thinking it was just like we going together. Like, okay. Oh, I had a good one. I had a good one. It was, it was when I would hoop. It was the big rival game. It was Desa Vista versus Mountain Point High School. And the girls would go first like varsity and then Varsity Boys would go right after.


So the the, our gym is packed and halftime of the boys, the boys game by at Fred at the time. Jeremy was like asked me to prom over the loud speaker with the, I forgot about this. Oh, that's embarrassed. It was embarrassing. But I was like, yeah, let's, let's go. We'll go. But it was just like, I'm all sweaty from post game and like it's a rival game. Probably dropped. That's cute. I like that A double on them one time. But it was fun and ended up having a good time. So In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation.


Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindi at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now That's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift cards sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with auto pay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800.


Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung. Trade in and additional terms apply. What happens when we come face to face with death. My truck was blown up by a 20 pound anti taint mine. My parachute did not deploy. I was keeping up by a drug car tilt. I just remember everything Getting dark. I'm dying. When we step beyond the edge of what we know to Open our consciousness to something more than just what's in that western box. In return, I clinically died. The heart stopped beating, which I was dead for 11.5 minutes. My name is Dan Bush. My mission is simple to find, explore, and share these stories.


I'm Not a victim, I'm a survivor. You're strongest when you're the most vulnerable To remind us what it means to be alive. Not just that I was the guy that cut his arm off, but I'm the guy who is smiling when he cut his arm off Alive Again. A podcast about the fragility of life, the strength of the human spirit and what it means to truly live. Listen to a live again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Well, Phil won the prime with Sharelle cousin. That's right. Actually had, Phil had my cousin and another girl Phil was the, he had two women.


Oh wait. At the same prop. At the same prop. Wow. Big Pepin. Think I had my cousin Don't wear or is it was her friend on the That's fun. He a nice guy. He was a little lamb. Yeah. Good. That was funny though. That's funny. I said Ashley, You know, my cousin went to to the prom with your husband. That's such a small world. In such a small world. Yeah. Then I met, I met her at the airport in Turks and she come me, she said, Hey, I'm the cousin that went to Japan with your husband.


I was like, get you. You know, she's so country. I love it. Anybody from Feeding City or Columbus, Georgia? Listen, they gonna be straight up. They ain't gonna sugarcoat that. They could just, the greeting was just horrible. Like, oh, you can't say hey. Hey girl. I know you say she went straight to it. Straight to it. Straight to it. Like Malda. Yeah. Hey girl. Yeah, I'm the one who went to the pro with your husband. Girl. It's cute though. I love her. Yes, it's cute. Like yes, the parents, y'all have to get it together.


We can't be spending all this money on these teams. They have so much to, there's so much more in life than, You know, splurging on these teams for these proms, prom tuition, boom, room board and not experience fall into the pressure and trying to like do better than somebody else. Like it's, oh, it's the competition. I wonder if its more about the parents than the kids. It gotta be they putting the gas, they living through they kids. They living through their kids. Because why else? I would like to see more money and more thought put in. I love seeing, You know, when they do the little TikTok trends of what college they, they pick.


Have y'all seen those? Like s Me too. The mama B like went to Alabama state. The dad went to Alabama. A m. Yeah. And it's like a CO or a FMU and it's like a competition of which parent is trying to force their child to, to pick the schools that they went to. I cute. It's a lot of those training. Those are real cute. I like that. Put your emphasis and stuff like that. Not into No, they, I have heard of like trunk parties where like, You know, everybody at the party and they bring stuff for them to take. And we'll be gonna a Trump party for Ari. Okay, I'm coming. I'll bring some.


That's cute. I like that. Alright, now it's time to get into segment four ladies questions from our humble Betty fans. Ashley, you wanna, okay. What's one thing people get wrong about you just from your social media? Mm mm mm I think people think I'm like a very girly girl. Like, suck up. And I think I'm very much the opposite. Like, I'm pretty goofy and friendly and tomboy-ish.


Like I wanna go outside and play except if it's a hundred and something degrees outside like it was today. But, but yeah, I feel like people look at, You know, my social media and then when they meet me they're like, oh, okay. I didn't Think you were, You know, so chill or whatever. I think that's the same with me. Like people look at from, You know, TV or from social media. 'cause I don't know why I never really smell my pictures. I hate taking pictures, but when they really get down, sit down or meet me or talk to me, they're like, are you the same person? I'm like, You know, that's tv. Right? That's just entertainment. Right?


No, on TV you do come off, but I, that's not me. Everybody who know me, who meet me in real life though, I'm just on TV though. No, but we're talking about in real life, we're talking about in real life. Yeah, real life. Even from social media. Like people, I guess they assume it from tv, but in real life when you really get, when you get to know me, it's like you can't help but love me. I don't really, I can't say. I was trying to think and see if there's anything. I feel like people get wrong from my social media because I feel like I'm, my, my, I'm very authentic. What you see is what you get.


I'm very intentional about my post and what I'm putting out there. And other than that I just, I, I know one thing I could post and I be in a total different place on in the world and no one would know. You don't post in real time. Yeah. I don't post in real time. So maybe that, but like, other than that, I like to show pictures from back in the day. I like to read Oh, moments. Let you, you are the archives 24 flashback. Yeah. You gotta I gotta let 'em know. You know what I mean? I, I've been there a friendly reminder. I've done that. A friendly, humble reminder. You know that this this a humble reminder. This is my life. You know what I mean? I, I do stand on being a lifestyle creator and I, this is a lifestyle that people attain to whatever that might be.


But I'm showing you my work. I'm showing you play. I am showing you philanthropy. I'm just showing you really my authentic self. So come along for the ride. Okay. Sharelle, how do you stay grounded while leveling up? Ooh, how do I stay grounded while leveling up? I mean, I, I basically, I remind myself that quiet confidence lasts longer than loud validation. You know, I still celebrate my wins, but I don't let them define me as a person. Yeah. I stay grateful, stay humble and it's okay to, You know, to celebrate, but at the end of the day, loudness fades away.


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Love that. Okay. What's one thing you've had to unlearn to grow into the woman that you are now? Hmm. I would say me will be the power of no and not overexerting myself. And then really showing up for those who show up for me. So I'm really just in that space of awareness and discernment and very much just like understanding value that you bring as well as vice versa to the people you surround yourself with. I like to be in rooms that people are doing better than me, that are, You know, that are, are just really showing me that I could be in this space with them.


I think that is also something that resonates with me. So other than those, those are, those would be my big ones that I could identify with. Okay. What's your guilty pleasure song show or snack that's not very fatty, Ty. Well, these right here I be snacking on these. I don't know if y'all noticed. Oh, You know, these got me in a choke hold. These are albanese gummy bears and I don't know, they're women. I don't Okay. Support women. But these got me in a choke hold and I don't think they're very batty because I've been going to the gym at five o'clock in the morning the past couple weeks.


And these is the only things holding me back from having a, that's my problem. My problem is, I'm not gonna, y'all know the donuts, I forgot what brand they are, but they have the chocolate, the powder white and the cake donut they sell at, are they Kris Green Uhuh, then a blue box. It start with the E Edmonds. Is it in, it's something Edmonds Think you, but they they chocolate white, sugar white powder. Oh listen, the little and the plain cake ones, they be so moist. You gotta eat 'em within soon as you open the box. Listen, when I go to Publix and I get ox of those I thing in one night.


Yeah. Oh, it's bad. That's why I can't get rid of my little love handles in it. And my little backpack, I've just decided it's just, it's just here. I think it would be. And then when it gets stuck up there, You know, it's good and moist. You, You know, when you eat it and it gets stuck up at the top, top of your it cakes right there. Yeah. So, oh my goodness, I need some, it would definitely be desserts for me. Like I have a sweet tooth snacking. That would be it. Yeah. Banana puff, peach cobbler. My favorites. The last one is for you Ashley. Ashley, do you feel pressure to always look the part of a batty in real life?


In real life? Do I feel the pressure to look the part of a batty? I mean they basically asking you, even when you ain't trying, you still look good girl. Yeah. Hear you. Is it pressure? No, I don't feel pressure, but I think, You know, there social media does make you feel like you're supposed to look put together all the time. And I do find myself sometimes being like, You know what? Fuck it. I don't look that good today. My hair ain't all that, but I'm still gonna post it because this is who I really am. But I do like, consciously have to say that like, girl, don't matter if your hair outta place. You know? So I do think there is, I don't wanna say pressure, but I do think there is this new societal norm of like, you need to always look put together for social media when that's not true.


And sometimes I do have to remind myself like, girl, this your life, like you at home in these dirty ass sweats. You just got done cleaned up chicken shit. And it just, it is what it is. It's what you look like right now. Mostly, You know, because sometimes I'll be like, no, I can't make content today because I'm covered in chicken shit. You know what I mean? But I gotta make the content and I need to just be authentic. So I, I don't think there's pressure, but I do have to remind myself like, it's okay to not be always every hearing place and You know, understand that. Sure. Yes. That's a good one. Yes. I be, I just don't care it like I at, at one point I did, but now it's just like, whatever them y'all gonna see these sparkles.


My hair burn. Your sparkles are the most beautiful thing. Yes. I love it. Oh, thank you. I used to hate them, but now I love them. I love it. I love it. Yeah. I, I saw one, one comment. Somebody was like, let's wear your lashes. I'm like in the drawer. Like, I remember that's where they're, You know, I could put mascara on if I need to or get some lashes and it just is what it is. This is me at home because that's where they're, You know, y'all all the time. And so, You know, like to give our skin a break and we need to, to, it's okay. It's okay to be bare face, but okay.


I love my skin. Love it. Yeah. You got good skin. You got good, good. I told you I used to look like a baby, but that skin, it feels like one too. Yes. It's so soft. And butter. Butter. Lex. What we got for the humble batting smell about that time. All right, here we go. Should I still go on this vacation with his daddy? Oh my gosh. What? His daddy? His daddy Meaning, here we go. Let's, let's get into it. Hey daddy. Hey girl. So I need your advice and please don't judge me, but if you do make it cute.


I was dating this guy, let's call him Marcus for like six months. We had a vacation planned to Tulum, all inclusive, everything paid. But two weeks before the trip I found out he was cheating with his baby mama and his gym trainer. And yes, both knew about me. Bam. So of course I broke up with him. No, we can stop here. No. So of course I broke up with him. But here's where it gets insane. Two days after we split his dad d me on IG saying he respected how I handled myself. And then Marcus never deserved me at first I ignored it, but then he kept checking in.


He sent flowers cash at me, $500 just for a peace of mind. It's a lot of quotes. Guys, stick with me. Long story short, we've been texting for three weeks now he's fine. Owns two car dealerships, divorced. And when I told him I was still going to Tulum, he offered to come with me so I wouldn't go alone. Here's the question. Should I still go with his dad? I'm not playing anything wild yet. I just don't want to waste the ticket. But my bestie says this is the ultimate revenge en energy and that I might need therapy.


Am I toxic or just reclaiming my peace In first class seat, Keisha framed Houston. Keisha, you toxic girl Daddy, the apple don't fall far from honey. If you seen what, what the daddy is doing, you don't think he gonna be 20 times worse than his son. Like girl, the daddy, Keisha, Keisha go. I can't even talking to somebody. Daddy. She's entertaining that too. Like in the dms, accepting the, the money, the flowers and then now the going on a trip.


Keisha Keisha girl. Oh, that's no, no, no, no. Make this, you need to make this a therapeutic solo trip. Go by yourself. Get in that room, go to the beach and, and, and forget about both of them. The the senior and the junior. Yeah, there, there's there's other men out there. What the hell? That's a what? The Helly moment like Keisha girl. Nah man, really time to play this. She Keisha. Keisha. No, tell us now they call for you. Be cute girl. We ain't about to be cute with that nonsense. No, that is not being a humble daddy.


Keisha one of them type of females that if you do her wrong, she going put you time stick on her. Yeah. Yes. You gonna Keisha feel it Keisha, don't do it. Reconsider Keisha. Consider her. It's enough. It's enough girl. Yes. Toxic. She's sharing. She's trying to kick out some dirt right now. And can you imagine? Mm. No, both of y'all toxic. Did Daddy ain't talk. All y'all toxic. All y'all just everyone this. Oh y'all. That's nasty. Y's. Yeah. Vacation So Harbor. Yeah, no, we not doing that. Yeah, yeah.


Anyway, that's crazy. It's a no for all of us. You know us. He's from Houston with a toxic ass. Thank you for writing into Humble Baddies. Now if y'all have questions or concerns, please feel free to write us at contact at Humble Baddies dot com. We would love to give you advice and answer your questions. Thanks again for tuning in and watching this episode of Humble Baddies. I'm Ashley Nicole. You can find me at Ashley Nicole on Instagram. Where can they find I'm sure Rosado. You can find me at Sharon rosada on Instagram, Sharelle rosado on Twitter and Sharelle do Reto on Snapchat.


Make sure you subscribe to Humble Baddies podcast. You can find us also on TikTok Humble Baddies podcast. And I am Alexis underscore sodomy on Instagram. Much love to all of you guys. Be safe and goodnight. We love y'all. Keisha, stay away from that Daddy girl. Bye bye. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant?


Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse spring and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon.


We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line nine eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine ninety nine purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% a PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung.


Trade in and additional terms apply. This is an IHeart podcast.