
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua Tonga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. All right man, we happy this happened while we are still in the studio. We ain't have to come back tonight. Breaking, breaking, breaking news man. It is reported. Shout out to shas. Chris Middleton is now a Washington Wizard. He has been traded down there with AJ Johnson in the pick swap four. Kyle Kuzma, Patrick Baldwin Jr. And second round pick compensation. We just talked about this on the morning show about this being a strong possibility Teague and this reactions, how you feel about this trade? Man, the money swap or do you think the Buck's trying to do something else with this? It's a money swap. They gonna keep cos but that mean Chris Middleton about to be on his way again. I'm sure. I mean it's a last day. I'm sure he is not gonna stay in Washington. Yeah. Yeah that would be terrible.


He either gonna play the rest of this year out and get healthy and then get traded in the summer. But I can't see Chris staying in Washington. Do you think that they could trade Chris somewhere else and get a first round pick possibly for Chris? Hell no. Okay. Not no first round pick because we got two more years on this deal. Yeah. But he definitely can get a trade though. But he can help somebody. He can go to a contending team and definitely help. But his money is a little iffy. Most definitely. Well Chris Mikey year like 22. Nah, no no. Go that thirties, forties. Damn near Chris. Milton make 40 million a year. 31. Oh okay. 30. Yeah. Yeah. I think anybody pick up Chris Middleton Don now though. That need a two-way player like that.


But I just don't know. At 30 million. Yeah he might be sitting in Washington for the rest of the year. You wouldn't take a chance on Chris Milton. Yeah I love Chris. I think he's a closer. I think he can play. I think he still got a lot left in the tank. If you was like, I mean you know I know a show man. I wasn't saying about, I was just saying like if he was like a Memphis, Houston, a Denver a golden State. If Jimmy and them don't work out like It's the money. That's the biggest thing. A lot of money. 30 million. I mean it ain't the most, it ain't crazy. It ain't a max deal. But For a player like that though, you ain't willing to take the risk.


Depends who I am. I'm Golden State. No. Nah, he got too many injuries. They not for sure about the ankles man. Yeah, Yeah. The ankles ain't adding up right now for some reason 'cause he is a Milwaukee legend. People love him in Milwaukee. He's been there for a long time. For them to get rid of him. It's gotta be something more with them ankles. Like you said when he's on the court he's a problem. Like you talked about his injuries last year. He killed the Patriots last year in the playoffs. Like he's still very, very capable. Like you said the injury health situation plays a part. But for the bucking situation, Kyle Kuzma, you know what I'm saying? He knows how to play with Superstar. How can he help this team out? He got that. I don't give a fuck mentality.


Like he gonna go out and do him so he gonna compete and he, he a competitor. That's one thing I do like about co. He a little a little wild, you know A little crazy little. He be at times. Yeah but he is a competitor so he gonna compete and he won a championship before so he gonna play hard. Yeah, he definitely gonna play hard. Think that's A invaluable piece for them to pick up and he Versatile. Yeah he can. And Paul's he got size as well for that team is Yeah, he six nine. He can make a shot. He can guard. He can guard. He ain't the best defender but he he'll compete. Yeah. I damn near like them, like him for them And he's gonna play a lot better than he play was playing with the Wizards with the bus and he don't give a fuck.


I'm telling you like that Gianni shit. Like he gonna respect Giannis but he ain't gonna give a fuck LeBron play with LeBron. Yeah. If he open he gonna shoot that motherfucker. Yeah. If he think he can make a play, he gonna make the play. He ain't going like sit back and wait for Giannis and Damon do everything. He got that I don't care mentality and he up for a contract so hey That's a man that is a great pig bro. Yeah. Damn that's solid. I fuck with That. Yeah most definitely. Im not mad. You and DC Well now you talking about his little now you want him Man, just telling you my boy I lived in Milwaukee. Bring your wife Teague. Send him, send him your realtor. Nah, he don't wanna say but Kyle cools been in the studio So you might need my realtor.


You only gonna be there for six months. Nah man, that might, he might plant. He might plant bro. Yeah I been walking in on that. They gonna be like yeah you can hoop, you can ball your heart out my boy if you're going a different direction or something. I promise you I I love, I love Giannis. That nigga ain't gonna fit in that. Yeah you know better than us. He gonna play well he gonna walk in with a tunnel fist and Ys gonna be Whoa. Hold on on that. He gonna play well. Yeah but he going somewhere else. Why you say that for? He don't fit the mold you he ain't just a catch and shoot player like he can do other stuff.


Like he can get to the basket, he can make plays, he can do other stuff and when you gotta be a three and D guy with Giannis, you either got, go look at their team Isha, you catch and shoot and that's it. Yeah. Play defense and catch and shoot. That ain't him. He do a lot more stuff like look at Bobby Porters, he became a catch and shoot player. He get post up sometimes when Giannis is out also the bucks have pat count and potentially by reporters on the trading block as well. Do you see either one of those players get moved or what are they even looking for? I have no clue what they looking for. Maybe a backup guard. Yeah, a backup scoring guard. Hmm. Yeah. Did he get Patrick Ball Jr.


Trail on how high? They don't wanna offense he shit Offense score situation. He need another score like a, I know Kim Thomas been hurt but they need like a explosive score off the bench. Somebody that can get you 30. Jordan Clarks. Jordan Clarkson. Somebody that can just come in and go crazy. Get buckets for sure. Now we always say dockets a six man whisperer. You think he could help cos kind of mold into that role? I know he ain't the the prolific scorers the people we just said beforehand. But you think he could make him a second unit player that could give him a lot of contributions in the playoffs? Cos can get you 1516 a night easy. But they need somebody that can get you 25 Easy on any given night. They need Lou Williams wherever they can find Lou at. Yeah, whoever your Lou Williams is in the league right now. That's what they need. They need Jordan Clarkson for sure.


So they need to go make a trade for Jordan Clarkson. I love Bobby Porters. But you got Ks now Kos game fit that role for bp. BP is a four. Kyle Coolman can play three four most definitely. Now you said that he's a, he's a willing defender, especially capable as well. I wonder how that will work out. 'cause from a defensive standpoint, they need another wing size wing to help with those guards up. Yeah, you got him and Tory and Prince kind of take the load off of Giannis ball to deal with some of those upper echelon teams in the east. Yeah. Now you can play small ball too. You can move Giannis to the five mm. Yeah, you can do that and still have a versatile key, A versatile team that can guard one through five. I mean you could do that with Bobby Porters too.


Bobby Port a little slower afoot. Yeah, than Cools is, but they give him opportunities and stuff. Solid bro. For sure man. Hey solid. Listen, I'm very interested to see how this works out. We gave Doc a lot of flack early in the season but he has made it work. But I think this team could really do something, especially adding a wing like that. Kyle Kuzma. I'm interested to see what's next. Man, I think that's the first domino to drop today. Speaking of this situation, any other thoughts y'all might have of who might get moved today? I know we've seen a lot of rumors going on. You think we get any more Jimmy Moves today? Mm yeah, but I don't know. I'm interested to see. We need to make sure we close to the studio so when the Jimmy Butler news dropped, we can get to it. Yeah, but damn Kyle don't stay across the street from the gym.


That's where I stayed, boy. That shit was a closet. Hey man, you got a championship out there, maybe you need to go lock in man. Go stay in there. Go to hour, go to room 2 36. Oh somebody who there is piss shout at them out 2 36 and you can borrow the neighbor wifi. Man. Let's get outta somebody to work hard to get in this apartment. And she get treated like a trap. It was a trap. Oh man, that crazy. Eight 50 a month. Damn. Wait what it was eight 50. That's crazy. You pay It is Milwaukee though. I mean, but pay less than to Cardo for a place to stay in Milwaukee. That's crazy man. It was love for sure man. Get Well it got up to a nine 50 'cause I had put that extra hunter on the Yeah, shout to the Wi Bill, man.


Listen man, we expect a lot of these to take place these next couple days. We will keep it in tune. We're going back to the studio anytime somebody of reports gets traded. So we'll be back soon. Five 20 in the morning, The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO, and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.