
Small business owners. This one's for you, chase for business and iHeart bring you a podcast series called The Unshakeable. This one of a kind series will shine the spotlight on small business owners like you who faced a do or die moment that ultimately made their business what it is today. Learn more at chase.com/business/podcast. Chase. Make more of what's yours. Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC. Copyright 2024. JP Morgan Chase and Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Holiday magic is in the air and Ds W's Got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals to make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay is for clauses to Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you. And Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors to Open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do it yourself Job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. And a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesday. How y'all doing? It's five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sports, Sean here to keep you up to date and everything in this sports world, especially basketball. I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Penners. To my right, my brother Teague Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? Cool bro. Yeah. Y'all seen Travis Hunter girl check bn. She dropped an eight minute video just from BN check B. I'm not gonna do that. I'm, I'm going, I'm going stand on what I said yesterday. I don't care about that eight minute video but outta respect because I fuck with Trav. I'm a, i'ma stand down but I, I, I I know what that was about so I get it.


The pressure was on. Yeah. Respect. It ain't nothing worse boy. He got being in the group chat with just one other person 'cause he got in that car where and she was going crazy. Hey defend me. That nigga had to get in that car and look at his face. He's like I don't wanna do this. See but the crazy thing is he was just on a pivot. He was like, you know everybody, it was before all this shit went down. He was like, yeah everybody be on my girl like I love her. All that. I'm a troll everybody back. That's how I knew this was something. 'cause he was just saying he was a troll. He don't care what nobody say. So to see her get an eight minute video, I know he like oh now this shit coming a lot. Then he says she drinking and, but we don't, we don't want nobody Amy Winehouse in this motherfucker. So I was supposed to go We we'll relax on her shout.


Shout to Trav man. Love who you wanna love King. We gonna leave it there man. Listen good basketball yesterday. Yo is doing what? Yoka ju another trippy. W yesterday Nuggets got the one point victory over the Kings yesterday. It was a crazy game. Super crazy ending man. We've been talking about Jamal Murray showing up. He went crazy yesterday. 15 in the fourth smooth 28 with the go ahead bucket. Yoki 2014 to 13 Westbrook almost a triple dub. 1810 to nine D Fox 29 to seven Saboni 28 and 14. Please tell me y'all caught some of that game yesterday man. Yeah man that was, that was a good game. That's what they need Jamal Murray to do though. Yeah, they can't have him Slack. He can't be scoring just 15 period. They need that them big nights from him because joke Joker been holding it down so that boy tired boy holding it down.


Boy, I ain't even Christmas yet boy. He put the team on his back already. But like you said Jamal Murray does what we expect him to do for sure. Yeah, I mean we fell in love with this Jamal Murray big fourth quarter big moments. I think that's when became a fan favorite. You know that bubble moment. We always talk about him going crazy in the bubble and these was the kind of moments he was having big fourth quarters, 30 point games, 50 point game, things like that. So we expect this from him for sure man it was a good matchup to see him and Fox going at it for sure. I'll skip to the end of the game man. That's tough, tough, tough situation for Deebo man. Had a nice little drop off pass opportunity to win the game. Fumbled it and had to get a tough shot around to get the game going. It's a sucky way to lose a game man.


Shit happens. I was just glad to see Russell Westbrook out there looking like his old self. For sure man. Russell's been having a good year man. I know you was early on as saying, you know said it was gonna fit with the nuggets that everybody was trying to see how it was gonna work out. Yeah, I didn't see me so far bro. He be fitting in with every team. It was just about just a likers. Yeah. Low key, you know what I mean? He just, he's a energy type of guy. Like not saying that's how he hoop. I'm just talking about the locker room. He fucking with his teammates heavy. I feel like he play well like that. Yeah for sure. Remember they try to even start the whole year off with the m talking about he couldn't get his number. He is like hey don't start that shit. We cool. I ain't saying I'm trying hoop trying to start shit with the stick. He be trying to relax though so to see him then to get the trip dub on that team is is fire bro.


Listen man, I know we talk about them a lot. They still a contender man. I'm something still something on them. I think they got the best player in the league. So when you got the best player in the league and he's a, I mean he's a champion, you know how to win. They starting to get all they guys back. They got ag back. I think they got the recipe to be a great team but Yoic anything is possible pretty much for sure. Now over to the Kings, you know, like we said off season picking up DeMar Rose expectations this year. I know they've been a little bit bothered with injuries but is that the reason why they've been so inconsistent so far this year? Or is you think something else is wrong? I I, I never really had them with no disrespect but I never had them really being a contender or nothing.


Yeah, I I can't get a good gauge on that team. Yeah because we know they got capable players. I know Fox is a all star player, superstar type of player and we know we all fans of Deebo. I just can't get a good gauge on that team. I think they got a lot of players that play similar and play the same position. I just think it's kind like a bad fit for sure. Man we looking at some of these pieces so from both teams we talk about it might be you know, you know in the transfer report on the NBA as we call it NPJ, you know what I'm saying? They're talking about rumor he could be on another team, might be a piece to help Denver, you know what I'm saying? Get back to the championship. The Rosen obviously I think it's some time gotta pass but he might be on the block as well 'cause obviously Dixie Spearman hasn't worked out and either one of their favorites so far.


And then you gotta look at DD Aaron Fox man, you know what I'm saying? Contract time. He might wanna test the waters. You think that Kings do whatever that gotta do to keep him? Yeah he they he they go-to player. He is a superstar. I mean he having a hell of a year been playing great. You can't let a guy like him leave. You lost ain't time to rebuild. Yeah, you gave Tyree Halliburton enough for him and you said this was gonna be your guy. Yeah averaging 26, 5 and six. I mean you're not gonna find that nowhere else. Yeah I don't know who else is doing that in the league. That's not a superstar on the max deal or the guy for their team so straight up and even, I mean he is on the same level but even up giving Davion Mitchell like they said they gave up all their guard aspects. We got the one we can figure the rest of the shit out.


So yeah. Facts they gotta be all in on D Fox 'cause clearly he's a all star. You think Kevin Harrow might leave? You think they might try Kevin? Yeah, I mean I think Kevin Hart's a good player but But they need something else. Yeah they need another player and I think he's a good trade piece because they still got Malik Monk, they got Deebo and Herter, they all shooting guards. I think they can get another piece that can help that team a little more For sure. You think the Nuggets a piece of white hand? They they should go get some help. I mean you get rid of NPJ you can probably get something back from him. Most definitely you can get, you can get a good piece back from him. Something you need. You know what I mean? They, if they give him up though, they have to get shooting. That's my only thing.


If they, if they decide to move off from him, they have to get shooting for that team. Yeah because they let old boy go to or Yeah losing KCP was a big deal for them as far as on the perimeter. You're gonna have to get somebody else who can shoot the basketball. I think this is just me. Maybe I'm his biggest fan but if they traded N PJ for Cam Johnson I think it'll be a seamless fit. I think he's a way obviously he's a better defender. Yeah he shoot the ball just as good and I think he'll play great cutting off like he moves great without the ball. I think they can get a, they can get a nice package back from Brooklyn for him for sure. And obviously he's played with with Stars as well so he knows B in this type of environment, a winning environment win to the finals. That's a hell of a situation to you.


I ain't mad at it but I'm gonna tell you right now. Cam time is an NPJ as a two or three for the Nets. Ain't nobody else getting shot up. Oh no nigga they not swinging nothing. They tank, they tanking so it don't even matter so it don't even really matter. You get the no limit take rolling NPJ? Yeah he can go to Brooklyn. Go swag out man. Go average 30 bro. Yeah. Hey man I see him play the pickup game with Trey Young. Steph Cur, he looked him off. I say oh yeah he don't give a fuck. He did that at AU with him. Niggas forget he was the best player in that class. Yeah bro. Pause if it wasn't for his back injury bro. He was number in the class bro. He was gonna be number pick. He ain't get hurt. What school was it? Iowa. Where'd they go? Nah, they went to Missouri. Missouri. I mean press pop situation. Yeah, yeah Shout. He got a lineage too over there.


Yeah they, they breeded him over there. Oh God. He's gonna be the number one fan. That's good. Fine right there boy. No they now they found Pops to save. We need him here. Go get a job. Come on Rick Bruns you know the vibes 76 ERs man Jesus. They got a win it feel like a holiday. Yeah, Tyrese Maxey had 40, PG had 33 that got the dub off the Hornets yesterday. Man listen man you said this is what we need for PG to be aggressive. Maxie doing what Maxi does best. 40 Ball. Yeah y'all did it to the Hornets. I ain't hating but that's a good dub for the team. Shout out to my boy Maxie with the 40 P pg. You been supposed to do that but Oh dont do that man.


We gonna respect 33 bro. 33? Nah I'm 33. No I'm saying I'm expecting you to do that. I'm fucked with pg like nigga how you know? But Tyrese Maxey we need you nasty. Yeah don't let him run you to the ground man. So that 40 piece was needed. Come on man. No Joe NB. No Jeremy McCain like listen that team is a and I'm shitty Jeremy McCain injured too though. That might be over for that rookie of the year yo. Who you think gonna get it now? Somebody who helped it bro, that's at the top. It's been going up and down man. For real at this point. I'm trying to think. They had a couple people who, they said Mike can get it but that's kind of fucked up that he won't get it 'cause he probably should get it bro. Yeah, he was on his way. Yeah, yeah I know Jay Wilson, Memphis is is high too. He been killing too but I don't know man.


But man Miles Bridge is 24 6 and MLO hat 1511 first game back. But man this is sad for the Sixers. Like we happy that they got a dub but like you seeing beat out, he got hurt in the Patriots game. He gonna be out for probably another week or so. Like it's like damn man what is this team gonna do? Nothing bro. I think they gonna find that groove man. Once in B get back you still believing. Yeah PG getting 33 Seem like he finding his groove a little bit and getting Maxi playing at a high level. I think they, they peak, they gonna peak at the right time. I think they starting to build a little steam. Getting a little getting this dub might might trigger something. Maybe MB might wanna come back a little early and play.


I don't know man. We talk about the Hornets obviously not too much of an expectation. They got some som pieces but what do they need to do to make next steps for this team? Man Hornets just, they just the Hornets. Yeah he just a young team bro. It's kind of because you don't want to get rid of little Meow, you can't do nothing. Brandon Miller keep him. He young just be Miles, bridges, all them dudes are still young bro. They need like keep my core. Yeah they need like a couple like OG veteran. Yeah. On they way out type niggas. Yeah because that's, I'm sorry go back to LA's numbers again because that's crazy. Yeah. I mean yeah 30 and seven and five is no Yeah. Nah, not moving you, you not.


Nah nah. Ello you'll be in the rappers if it's up to me. Ellos there to stay. Yeah you're not. But it just like they need, they need like two best but like old school, like not old school. They got Ty Gibson and them. They need like people that could play at like the center. Yeah or the wing position like a defender. Honestly they need like Dylan Brooks. Hmm. They need one of them. Yeah, that's a fact bro. Yeah, like oh Mark is smart ass nigga. Yeah, I, I see what Dylan Brooks did for Houston. They need a player similar to him. Yep. Hmm. I like that energy. It is, it is unfortunate he had to leave you what I'm saying for greater practice but the perfect person of the team, they let go.


PJ would've been perfect for that team but no he had to go and get him into another situation man. Yeah but nah you don't think so? Nah too. I ain't gonna say nah nevermind. He was, they all was one of the same bro. They was all, they all was on the same shit. Yeah. I'm let he need to change the scene. He, he got his change of scene. We made him a better player. Yeah. And now we like the Pjw C like oh yeah he nice. Like he still was a good player in Charlotte but now we like oh out the light in a negative way. Yeah. You said that P Charlotte young niggas. Nah man, get the old head over there like bro said they got enough scoring everybody we got arm main average of 30 and seven, which is crazy to be but he kill it.


Yeah. My next young nigga's average of 21. That's too smooth. And then you know Miles give you what he give you. They need a the Hardnosed Yeah. Type of guy over there. I agree. Couple veterans A backup that play super hard. Yeah like a, they just need more depth on that team. Yeah. I don't know what kind of, who could be the backup. What's crazy is, you know, so they had Gordon Hayward as a, but he said hey y gotta get me up outta here. Yeah. Gordon is a Utah type of guy though. Yeah it's different Gordon and me. He, I don't wanna take you guys. I'm keep it real. Yeah. That that ain't the one they need. Yeah. I don't even know. He could be the middle of that. I don't know who club they the Lord to eat. Yeah. That's funny man.


MB man you think at some point, obviously not this year, but what if, if they go into next year and he still had a iffy injury history, do you think about moving on from MB or do you just gotta deal with it? You gotta deal with it. I ain't passing on B. Gotta do it.


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're sale at Draftking Sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL. What else would you expect? The number one place to bet touchdowns, grab some tds of Draftking sports book the sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The Crown is yours.


Small business owners. This one's for you, chase for business and iHeart bring you a podcast series called The Unshakeable. This one of a kind series will shine the spotlight on small business owners like you who faced a do or die moment that ultimately made their business what it is today. Learn more at chase.com/business/podcast Chase. Make more of what's yours. Chase mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2024. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


How do you feel when you switch to Geico and save on your car insurance? It's like going to work on Thursday morning and thinking to yourself just one more day until Friday. But then somebody walks into the elevator and says, happy Friday. Then you check your phone quickly and discover Today is actually Friday. So yes. Happy Friday. Random stranger in the elevator. Happy Friday. Yay indeed. Yep. Switching and saving with Geico. Feels just like that. Get more with Geico.


What's up everybody? I'd named RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL network analysts and boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way. NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah, I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now you Wish you could pull off my short shorts Perky, that's Short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything, we break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the Postseason Run.


Hey, I'm Miles Gray. And I'm Jack O'Brien. We're the hosts of the Daily Zeitgeist and we want to tell you about Miles and Jack. Jack got Mad Boosty NBA podcast from iHeart Radio. We nailed that. This is a weekly Podcast about all the amazing moments that keep all of us NBA fans coming back For more. Basically if you love basketball and you like to laugh, listen to Miles and Jack Got Mad. Boost on NBA podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast brought to you by hypnotic.


Interesting. Interesting. For sure. Hey man, pistons gotta win yesterday gets the heat. That was a really, really solid game man. K had the Trippy Dub 2018 and 11 Jimmy Butler went crazy as well man. 35, 19 and 10 and a loss man. Malik Beasley hit seven threes yesterday had a smooth 28. Your favorite white boy had 23 Tyler hero man it was a really solid game. Yeah, Jimmy Butler. 19 rebounds is crazy Jimmy boy. 19 rebounds is insane. You was really hustling bro. You was really like in a guard and you have 35 that's, you know when it's time for Jimmy to like something about to happen Jimmy start killing. Oh crazy bro.


Contract year he wanna get traded, whatever it is. Jimmy like lock work. He always be like to the point where you like damn we need him or damn we need a pound. Like he know what he doing. He super calculated bro. That's crazy. He could play in the league like that bro. He's so calculated bro. This kill every night bro. I'm so laughing at the point you might get trade to the sun. So he got his, his bras orange like he be trolling. He's super troll and I'm still gonna kill. I don't give a fuck what y'all talking about. Yeah, he, that's why I love Jimmy. But he gonna kill regardless he, he a fried individual. Like too many people could do that in NBA if Jimmy wanted to be top five in the league, he cook like sometimes he just be chilling.


Yeah he pick and choose his battles for sure. I kill the postseason. What it matters. Facts. That's how, how he truly, I feel like he truly feels like that. Like yeah I help everybody get paid during a regular season. The postseason is my time. I respect it. It's obvious man. Like you said you can't go against the results but he did for that hero organization. His short time being there bro has to be applauded. Yeah him winning them back to that championship is I, I was like yeah Jimmy one of my favorite players ever bro. They wasn't like that for real bro. He instilled all that confidence. Got praise bro. He Denver bullied his way back. For real bro. They ran through all them good teams too. They was smacking shit. That nigga was tired as shit bro. When the time it got to the finals it was over by time.


We gotta LeBron bro. They was drained bro. It was over with that nigga they had that Popeye say that's that's forever funny. Yeah that's forever funny. Hey you know what's so crazy about that we really stressing people out but that damn chicken cell was bro. Oh God. We messed up a whole lot of people mental health already. Damn was nasty. That shit mid bro so weak. I ain't gonna say Jeff, Jeff is a tough critic. I ain't gonna say it's weak but how y'all clown about man Nigga being sold out every day for a week. Nigga bought 16 trees crazy. He was buying about 300. Yeah people was reselling chicken sandwiches bro. I'm like what? I didn't catch your chicken wouldn't have. I didn't get on that way.


That and that damn California burger on 16th. Niggas laughing. First fucking pressure though. I see look from California Burger. Yeah that fucking hit. I remember the Popeyes on 86th Street but it was close two o'clock in the afternoon. They just had signs up. We don't have no more sandwiches. That's the weakest Popeyes in the whole on earth. I don't do that people nah you're not gonna disrespect Mr. Your family in there. Orlando Brown and them sisters. Orlando definitely made sandwich. Orlando ain't in there people. Oh. That's probably the most hype sandwich ever though. No cap. Y'all crazy. Listen, you talked about it earlier this season, the Pistons man different team than last year. If you look at the totals from last year, it's totally different. They ain't a great space right now even though they ain't winning all these games, it's still competing.


What's the difference to you so far? K Cunningham's coming into his own. Like you said he is a star but they also got some more capable veterans like getting Tobias Harris and like you said Malik Beasley and these guys who can play at a high level could make shots. Been around the league for a long time and helping these young guys develop for sure. They have more, you know team camaraderie. It seem like everybody on that team like each other. So JB bigger staff doing a good job. I mean he try to make it over like a old school team. They gotta wear suit and tie type shit on the bench. Yeah that shit crazy but that's crazy but I guess it's working for him. Said no hoodies. Hey bro, chill off grown ass man bro. That's crazy. Fucking my swag up but he looking at that shit.


Have y'all seen what Y was on last year? Y'all gonna do what the fuck I tell y'all to do? Pretty much. But nah they, they a better team now I think. Like you said K Cunningham might make the Allstar for sure. Man he going crazy as well. Man. You look at some of the young talent that's yeah that's, that's the elite numbers bro. 2310 to seven. That's the elite numbers for sure. Yeah man I think they another team that they could possibly, maybe not this year but get another savvy vet or they can get another piece and they can be a dangerous team. For real man. They need a, they need another dynamic player though. Like K Cunningham is great. They need another guy that can get a bucket. Hmm. I don't know who's a another win. They need DeMar Rose and shit. Damn.


We gonna send him to Sacramento to Detroit. I mean that's who they need another player Chicago nigga on his last dance then don't send me to Detroit bro. But I'm saying they need a player like him. They got the, they got the bigs, they got find the younger Debo bro. Who? Who are younger? Debos. I don't know but don't send my nigga there. Hey man, shit I'm, unless y'all do y'all Detroit thing. We not send him Bow there. I love Detroit man. I'm, I'm pissed off. I'm Debo if I'm trying to go get a ring bro, don't send me to Detroit bro. I mean I'm just saying what they need to get over the hump. Another score but I don't know who I'm saying Deebo available. I'm I'm, I'm here M pj Hell nah. I him to Detroit. Oh it's Upj some buffs.


It's going tighten up anyway. Nah, nah hell I'm talking about he didn't get tightened up anyway. I ain't want nobody just shoot that nigga get bgy. Nah I'm something on him wearing three. Let's go turn it up. Nah, nah, nah because no I'm not, I'm sitting bo I don't even know who who another scorer that you can move over there to play with them niggas though bro. But you need somebody who real score though. I don't know 'cause Kade Cunningham is he getting a lot of buckets in Jayden. Ivy is good but I don't think he's like a scorer. Scorer. Yeah they need somebody a little bit more aggressive for sure. Like a certified bucket need though. It's a certified bucket. See y'all boys Zach Levine to Detroit.


Damn. I don't know if talking about that. He don't, he don't fit the gritty. I'm looking for he, he get out there and shoot more than K bro. It's gonna be a problem. And you know Zach is on that. I dunno is my, I dunno if he gritty enough like I like Detroit when it's dirty. Oh okay. Key like I don't like pretty Detroit. I shit Coney Island. Okay turn you up. You gotta send Maek Monk over there then he the only trench baby left out there be putting up buckets double Leo and he don't, I mean shout to Detroit man but he already survived. He survived the Hornets bro. Don't send him to the business. Yeah I need Detroit. He Detroit baby though. Detroit got like a certain way he gotta play. It gotta be grimy like when you think about the old Pistons team, they play hard.


Even when you think about Rick Hamilton, you know it was like hard but they you you right bro. You not, not wrong but I'm saying like they all of them had toughness to them. K Cunningham is damn near Drizzy. He ain't Nah but if you watch him play he play with a certain type of toughness like he a big guard. He running people. I I'm just saying I don't, I don't think he's as like nah you gotta pee him though. Like he might be rip Hamilton of that too. Nah, when you watch him play attitude wise bro I'm not talking about play, I'm talking about attitude. Nah, he chauncey billers bro. We talking about attitude. I might have to give him rip bro. Nah he Chauncey billers bro. He go by nigga ain and he talks shit like he like motherfucker little ass motherfucker like he I know but this are you taking it ass that though?


Yeah I'm j because he killed, he killed and Isaiah Stewart. They Ben Wallace. Yeah he already, we need, we need rash. She they got, she well they gotta track Jalen dur to get a she and I think that's what they gonna do. I think they gonna move on from Jalen Dur. I think he's nah a nice, he surprised I tre Isaiah story for that got well he, he gonna be Ivan Tre he gonna come back he be the next day Ram bro. Isaiah Stewart be cashing out. We just need more productivity outta him. I hear real crash out. I fuck with Isaiah Stewart. He like George pick if he average, if he average 12 rebounds and about four blocks, we're keeping it. Damn nigga you gotta for rebound it'd be legend. You'd be a fucking legend four blocks how you behaved.


You acting like Rod Artes nigga no we need you to be productive. Rod Artes was that crazy. But Ron Artes average 26 at one point the NBA he was killed so it was okay he was killing like he averages nine and six. That's off the bench. Yeah what I'm saying What? Nah I'm asleep. They need one more killer that just he could be on my team day Isaiah Durant. I'm rolling with that. I mean it's a good game. That's good. But I'm rolling with it still. I see the upside of you but still. Yeah bro, he is gonna be really good but around him the organization is some of stuff I'm hearing they don't feel as high as him that they worked before. So that's why I say I could see him being moved in a situation Town insiders too.


Little bit, little bit niggas killed me. Boy. I don't know about dj. DJs for itself. I'm a national basketball association. This is my partner. Shout out to everybody who's under me. Lethal Hendricks on the scout's under me the young umbrella. That's a nasty agency man. Hey but shout to Tim Hardaway like you said man Sby be for that team man. Hitting some threes in OT man. Listen they got a, they got some they building up on man. They had a bad last year, bad couple years they was tanked like a motherfucker. But there's some upside the truth for sure. Listen man, great, great game today going on NBA Cup championship out in Vegas. Yo bucks is five Point Wonder Dogs tonight gets the thunder Man go get the dub shit be like that, you know what I'm saying?


Put my money on. Ooh yeah Giannis gonna play big. It's a national TV game. Live Bright Lights Vegas. Okay. The NASA's gonna be there. Yeah, I got the Bucks undefeated with TA in the building. Yeah. Scared of that boy Dame man. He he different on that big stage bro when it's presented to him. So mm bucks Mike, I but Thunder them my guys. I'm taking my guys with Thunder. Is this the, the moment that the Bucks need to jumpstart their championship run that we all expected last year? Most definitely. Okay. So yeah most definitely. It might be the year Fear of the deer. I might have to be fooling my jersey back out. I might get my ring right. Damn man. I hate this matchup.


Yeah keep that shit so fucking cold man. I'm going with my guys though. I'm going with the thunder man. It's tough because fuck I've won. It gets to Thunder once it gets better judgment. Right. And they keep showing that they're the same team consistently every night. It's just like you said with the Bucks bro. When they feel like winning bro, when Damien Lilli decides I'm about to go win the shooting the fourth bro, it's gets spooky. They just don't have to players I think that can deal with Giannis and deal with him but they are great ass team. It's gonna be a hell of a game tonight. If I had to put my money on it, I'd go with the bucks just because shit, I wouldn't be surprised if KC win. Yeah I wouldn't either. They're a great team. They have a great team. They and they, it's the same thing for them. It could be a springboard for them to get to the finals. We all, they had a really good year last year.


It was like can they do it again? Yeah. And now look at they in the championship game of the play, whatever this is called the end season tournament. This could be a springboard for them getting to the finals. But I feel like the Bucks need this more than the Thunder though For sure. Just 'cause of the start that they had. For sure. For sure. The niggas, niggas counting them out. I figured it was early bro. But hey that's a scary team when they get to to clicking bro. Chris Milton back. Yeah man, damn man that is a tough, that might be the best game so far this year to me. Yeah I think I'm expecting to be a hell of a game man. Chet ain't there either. My boy Chet is not in the building. Nah they would need him too but I, our son gonna hold it down for sure. I'ma I'm gonna stay solid.


I ain't 20 and five. I ain't doing that shit. They doing their job man. It should be a good game though. I'm excited to see for sure man. Couple other games last night. Bulls beat the rappers. 1 22, 1 21 Che 24 and five Kobe White 19 RJ Bear still killing 32 and nine y niggas. Bear put some respect on RJ Barrett. Hey man he been killing, he been killing bro. He went back home and getting comfortable straight to it. What is he averaging this year? Yeah his numbers is old D because he's, I was not a RJ Barrett fan. Real GD had 27 6 yesterday. You boy Yeah 23 6 and six. That's elite numbers Max deal. Yeah. Yeah.


RJ Berry the kill. Why? Why you didn't like RJ Berry game? I thought he was a chuck. It was nasty in New York. Him and Ju Rams together was nasty ball. It just looked like the same person just running lefthanded. Oh okay. Chucking the ball up. I hated it. He's a killer. But now even at Duke I hated it. It was like he shot so many shots like get Zion the ball, like move, he's a no bro. I'm number one. Yeah like move. But yeah that, that wasn't a good fit for them, for them to cam reddish never got the ball but I guess they seen what I didn't see. Yeah they, they like nigga you want me get this nigga to ball Yeah look like yeah I did but now I get it.


I see. But I don't know Zion, Zion was, Zion was special so Kim, I mean not Kim but be should have passed the ball a little more. Oh he definitely should have passed Zion. He shoulda passed a little more. Zion was that nigga like he said bro Zion but I thought Cam better bro and and my top five college players ever. Oh for sure. But I thought Cam reddish was better than RJ Barrett. I was definitely in high school. He was, I was wrong. Nah I was wrong. Nah, nah I'm wrong. His game looked way better. It looked, it looked better. It looked better. Nigga Cam used to kill niggas high school. I ain't saying RJ did but that nigga looked like Jordan on the a U four RJ was number one though.


Right. I don't hear too many niggas speaking on RJ Berry saying they used to kill them and it was, it was spooky when they played them at 8:00 AM in the Morning bro. Some of them Saturday nights bro. I mean Saturday morning. But respect rj he was, he was a killer. Nah for sure. Them war stories we all talk about like a and m talking about he is like nah I can't redish dog dust but RJ Barrett was giving everybody in the nation. Well I can say RJ Barrett has been playing the same way since high school and it's you know to now like yeah now he got his own team. Yeah that shit didn't stop. Yeah so to see him really killing like that, especially with all the SMU that's been on his name this summer. Man bro, nobody had no smug bro was sm he beat the allegations ain't got the buckets I respect bro. It was off the backboard.


No tmac. See what happens. You just put your head down, get to it. Yeah they just swipe my boy GD man. That's my second favorite white boy man. They got you in said I can't say his name. Yes you can. You said worse. You said up but fat women that said Antonio, that's worse. Moving on Cas beat the next one 30 to 1 0 1. About to ass situation nothing talk about there they they got whooped man that mob that's what, you know what I mean. It's time. Yeah you know what time it's speaking of Belt to ass. The jazz should be ashamed. They got beat yesterday 1 44 to 1 0 7. James Harden looked like vintage James Harden yesterday 41.


He had 24 the first quarter. I can't speak on James Harden on this show. Yes you can because we, we can, we can speak the truth here James Harden's Cole is one of the best to ever do it. Yeah that's a fact. I'll ever get it fucked up. That's a fact. Shout to my boy M pz move 29 piece. Hey man. Yeah no Norman Powell. If he ain't get hurt man he probably had a chance making an Allstar team on a low. Hey I hate to be having to revisit this conversation. We just talking about people who might beat out James hard in their Allstar situation. They not getting it. They not getting it. Nah they not. James Hard is fucking murdering. Nah, he the he the truth bro. And shout out to my Adidas team. Shout to Alan. Shout out to Cam. I think the farst part about him yesterday is he pulled up in the new whip with the new shoe.


He gonna build the hard nine yesterday Jr we gonna shout you out too man. What kind of whip he had? Can't he ain't to us So he aint shout out what kind of whip he had. I believe that was re if I'm correct respect. Yeah that's fire. Adidas going crazy. They athletes is actually making special moments in their actual shoes. Man I think that's the one thing that we talked about the whole shoe war up. If they going crazy, I saw they marketing campaigns being elite, their athletes is doing like monumental shit in their actual shoes. So the debut your shoe and go get 41 is fire bro. Yeah.


Small business owners. This one's for you. Chase for business and iHeart bring you a podcast series called The Unshakeable. This one of a kind series will shine the spotlight on small business owners like you who faced a do or die moment that ultimately made their business what it is today. Learn more at chase.com/business/podcast Chase make more of what's yours. Chase mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC copyright 2024 JP Morgan Chase and Company.


What's up everybody ad named Burkin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Demurs. Hey, I'm Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL DEFENSEMAN turned NHL network analysts and boy oh boy does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way on NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah, I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture and you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just still gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Viki That sure of Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything, we break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts and you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the Postseason Run.


Hey, I'm Miles Gray. And I'm Jack O'Brien. We're the hosts of the Daily Zeitgeist and we want to tell you about Miles. Miles and Jack. Jack got Mad Boosty NBA podcast from iHeart Radio Radio. We nailed that. This is a weekly Podcast about all the amazing moments that keep all of us NBA fans coming back For more. Basically if you love basketball and you like to laugh, listen to Miles and Jack Got Mad. Boost on NBA podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Brought to you by Hypnotic.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of our daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna Be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom, club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms Who Puck a production of iHeart Women's Sports and Deep blue Sports and Entertainment on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


You my verified bucket. We ain't even gotta get to it yet. Can I get what the Clippers record is so far? It probably like 10. They at the bottom. Ninth oh eight 15 to 12 we go baby. See if we was out in the fucking sad ass east but probably third go Eastern conference. See we got 15 wins. It's probably the bus maybe be fifth place. Jesus Christ Man, damn hard than my bad bro. It it is tough out west bro. You over it still on the play. In fact ain't that big of a difference. Really. I'm just saying man it's just one win. The Hawk got 14 wins. They seven C Shit Green just out there though bro with y'all.


Oh the Clippers don't want shit to do with the Bucks. I mean that's cool but I'm just talking about it's green out there though. The rest of them teams bro. But I nix beat they ass. The Celtics beat they ass. Cals definitely the shit I'll just take, I'll take the Celtics CI might give it the Knicks but I'm asleep. Ooh. I hope for the Clippers. Fuck with James at this level bro is different. Nah, James Cole man different qua man. Do you think we get him back before Allstar break? No I ain't know he was still in the NBAI ain't laughing. For real. I thought he sat out for the year. I mean no bro. Oh I thought he did too. I ain't, I thought he was done for the year. I feel like he's gonna sit out the rest of the year. Did you see Tall Luke and man he said man sometimes he cries tonight 'cause he can't be there for his team.


I said hey man stop lying. Stop. I love t Luke bro. But you're lying. I love a great line too. Hey bro, stop lying bro. T Lou, you ride for your nigga but you're lying. I gotta take them off the court man. You're lying. I love it but you're lying. Sometimes I just cry at night. Hell you don't bro. You remember how many more important teams that you did not play for was fucking underrated. Hilarious bro. Hey I worked with man also. Did you see that story that came up? Well I guess he put out information about him like possibly being electric coach and he was like they lowballed him and then Brian called him but just like alright what I gotta do to make this happen? He was like nah I ain't you, you ain't gonna do shit if they ain't trying to value me, I ain't rocking with it type stuff.


Yeah bro got that type of pool respect. If you see who JJ Ray is where he at right now? Nah. Left his comfortable job to come fuck with bro. Yeah he got that pool for. I know though. I know JJ ready to kind of regret that shit a little bit though. Damn. Just a little. Yeah like damn I was chilling. I was making, doing my podcast, had the podcast with LeBron and motherfuckers finna go up too. Yeah had the SportsCenter drive ESPN? Yeah I was probably about to be the face of that. Me and Steven a he was on his way. Shit that's a tough, that's a tough culture. He was about to get a max deal on espn. That nigga was good at that shit. But you know what's crazy now when he goes back it's gonna be even better 'cause he got, he got a whole season of the podcast.


I mean he go yeah he gonna go back and be the ESPN face again and then his podcast gonna be even better now he got hella stories but I know he probably stressed the fuck out. That's the tough first job to take bro. Yeah bro. He shoulda have went somewhere like nah I ain't gonna put him at the bottom. I'm not gonna put him in Utah or nothing. But probably a mid-level team. I know this is a lot of pressure boy. I know that motherfucker jail he be putting in that here boy. Just they said he the young pat y'all put that on him young Pat Riley. Well he gonna be young. Pat Bev if y turn around Pat Bev nigga you ain't gonna be Pat Riley till you get some shaking out there boy. He gonna be so Van Gundy hairline fucking LeBron in there.


I was, I was stressed my first Red Pike High School. Oh you was through. I was like damn we that nigga was up can't go to sleep it midnight. He was ka he cry by the team. I didn't watch this game. Hell nah. That boy was rain. Nah I just watched the game over. I was about cry. He wasn't about to cry. I was just saying that's how you know he just an overly competitor 'cause he used to be sick. So to see him now knowing him he so patient and then you know what make me come in. You don't really make me mad. Nah it ain't even about that. I just like that we we get better every day. Like if we lose win or lose I just want the kids to get better but I hate when people like the coaches that coach that can't hoop like nigga you was sad as fuck and they be talking shit.


But see that's my thing with you though. That's what we talking about like all the coaches that maybe he used to be the AAU or in high school you, you didn't even play, you didn't even play coaching down like yeah niggas and he's a competitor so he over there shitty because you can't go play. Hey one of the coaches told that nigga you can't go play for him. Yeah I was like you sad as hell, you sad you can't play for 'em. So yeah to see coach down and they PID and turned around niggas shit. Shit quiet shit Real kind of quiet. I mean we still got a lot of dude but no I'm saying like as you know it's not as aggressive. You ain't catching that smoke no more. Oh they was on mine.


Yeah you can't play for 'em even even the coaches that didn't hoop though bro. What you It still something to say about this nigga that's funny as hell but we still got a lot of work to do. Nah, hell yeah for sure man. Shout to Red Devil was four. Oh though, what's up right now? Monday night football yesterday Vikings beat the Bears. 30 to 12 built a ass situation. Shout out to Chris Carter. I forgot the other gentleman's name who show some little Randy Moss that head the jersey up before the game Man Give well sooner. Randy Moss man we all up with Randy Moss. Man. Legend. Legend. Legend man. Favorite receiver. He beat it right? I believe so. I'm not a hundred percent sure but I believe he, he's in good spirits with the situation. Nah, shout shots him to be able to keep it private for as long as he wanted to. I know that's a luxury that a lot of people don't have. I know he was on TV visibly going through some things.


Shout to the team for supporting him 'cause it don't always go that way man. So we always praying for ready Boss Man. One of the goats for show. Yo Falcons won yesterday against the Raiders 15 to nine. Yeah Kirk cousins. Man I gotta talk about Kirk for a second. What the fuck are we doing? Kirk was supposed to be my, he is my guy. Well we was, we had a team this year for real That was supposed to make some noise. Mm And Kirk cousins man he just had a, he had a bad, he's having a bad bad year. He's letting us down a little bit. Nah, he was, he was rapping the lyrics. I was locked in. I was locked in. He ain't bounced back the trick job. Yeah he, he sold me couple future lyrics. I had a home city going sold. It's not, it's the first time I ain't ever been tricked to one.


They sold me some fake yeee time. You still Pluto Jr. Don't let them do that to you. Nah bro. He can't go to Gresham no more. Nah, I gotta sold some fake yeee in the 80 fours that I don't even worry about it. Damn man. You're welcome. Soon Red October studio go back to the block of shoot dice again bro. You good. The area hood bro. It's alright though. That's gotta be the worst feeling. 'cause like other teams like franchisees be like, yeah y'all about to see what I'm about to get. All the Minnesota fans was like, yeah, just white. Just just you fucking white. Yeah, sure enough. Kirk cousin keep a bag too though. I was just about to say keep a bag legend. What's y boy who was talking about on here? And he's a real Tobias Harris, Kurt Cousins. The Tobias Harris of football.


Nah, for sure. That's legend. That debate. That's a fuck. Listen man you talking about verified buckets. You already know you going with Jimmy Hard yesterday. Man listen, he outscored a jazz in the first scored by himself yesterday bro. Yeah he play with man. What Horrible team like Hold on, get L outta there bro. James hard 30, James 39 years old for sure. I ain't gonna put that much on him but damn he couple years away. Yeah he would about 30. I think he about 35 he age. He 35. Yep. It's hard in a motherfucker boy. That's crazy man. Still cold man. Yeah, still Elite speaking to still elite man Jimmy brother. Come on man. 35, 19 to 10. That's crazy bro. That's a tough yeah be shit if I got 19 rebounds and lost, we sad bro.


I'm pissed. It's a lot of rebounds bro. I'm playing my life away bro. 1919 rebounds bro. And I got 35. You know what nigga get 19 rebounds. Yes bro. Who they those to Pistons. Shout out to my boys. I let y'all not much. I attention We talk about what? We talk about that we talk about that one Detroit second of the show. Shit. Why I'm delusional right now man. I've been watching film all night. I'm legally blind. I was watching film last night man. Why Going to Tyrese Maxey though man. 45, 43 with my youngster. All love this way.


Nasty doc. Listen man. Tuesday morning, be here. Who need some encouragement? Get well soon. Yeah Laurie that was ask for a trade bro. Zoom back. Booming on you like this bro. You do not deserve this. You deserve a better team off the post work goy. Nah. Who got bullied like that? Walker Kessler. I was looking at her and say bro ain't nobody else fault nigga. That was him two. Who was that? They excuse me? 20. Oh that's the dude that his girlfriend took over his life? Yeah boy. From Duke? Yeah. Damn, what happened? His girlfriend like she iced out. She was from iso. He said hey, she's like, you want this pussy stay away from your family? Yeah. And he said fuck them. He said it's best thing that ever happened never come home. Y man y'all always, you ever seen bike picked up?


I ain't never come home. Y'all niggas always playing bro. Is that for real? That whole family the mom and before we touch No, the mom and the family bro. They got on Twitter bro. They were just like, we have not talked to him ever since he been with her. She's pushed him out 'cause he's older than her. Well she's older than him. Excuse me. So it was just like they shouldn't been together his people and said fuck y'all never come on. Yeah they fucking raw. She reversed cowgirl on that thing raw. That motherfucker probably spitting up like a newborn. Yeah bro. This ain't fuck my family. Yeah bro. She Mormon or something though, right? Nah, I That ain't part of the, that's not part of the Or she Mormon. Somebody Mormon. Yeah. Yeah.


60 to 28 is disgusting by the way. You deserve to get pushed around like that bro. Pushed off dis Only your family for that shot. That's why you fell in the draft though. Flip a yeah, flip a flip. That was a whole, the situation. Flip, flip a Well y'all can't knock me down in the draft 'cause I don't fuck with my mama no more because I got, nah they was ing fire shot. Nah nigga you just, we can't trust you bro. Ain't no, it wasn't like she was cold. Yeah they was saying if a young metro don't trust you. Yeah bro. So if she was cold you could say mama. I mean look at her straight up. I mean yeah she was like, y'all shit, he was getting the Marcus Jordan type. Yeah bro. Old heads. Yeah, Nicole Murphy. Yeah I, I understand because yeah bro, y'all leaving your mama before Nicole Murphy is wild Mama.


Mama you already live. Let me live. Motherfucker said mama you do me long enough. You on metro mama. You already live. Hey but for real though. You know those scouts looking at all the crazy stuff. He's like wait, he don't fuck with his mama. Yeah we don't want you. Yeah you don't like your mama. Oh no, no. That's crazy. So look, if y'all had a, y'all had a girl like that. No it ain't the episode bro. Okay. I was gonna get y'all with a scenario so that the podcast was podcast. Podcast. We'll say that Ru's name Mike because he's coming up. Flip on the iso flip. What's his name? Flip this nigga. He's dunking on like that. Not Laurie but the nigga he elbowed in a chin flip.


Flip a flip a K. Why ain't y'all never tell me about this story? Man, I thought we talking about this. The draft because of it. Yeah we gotta talk about that on the ice. Yeah, she's a goat. I got a question for y'all. She said lock it in. I need all that. That's crazy. Who is Noah? Clowny asked a question. He's another nigga because Vince Simmons clocked that nigga in the head. Wow. That's his teammate nigga. He threw the magic. He ain't playing. Ben know he supposed to stand up. He cuts that nigga the film Ben. That's why nigga don't pass it up in the NBA.


You stupid ass niggas ain't paying attention. Fucking up my stats got me now listen, I'm gonna tell you right now, Ben Simmons about his stats, totally different conversation that needs to be had said fuck it, I'm not stepping up. Nah, he said I'm not rotating bro. He, he knew that play was coming. I want Ben Simmons to go to the subject. Come my nigga with the fro though. Right here running back. There's so many different niggas in the NBA now. No I'm saying nigga with the fro he ain't even locked in. You know you the ball you gotta load. He went straight to the corner. Yeah he gotta load up to the ball. He hit it with that. That ain't my man. Watch him ain't load up to the ball. He got his back turned. Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah bro. What kind of waffle we got? Who was running? I don't know.


VHS apparently. Look at him. Look at him. Got back to the ball. He ain't supposed to be in that. That's crazy. That Flora code though. Yeah Flo is code. Yeah the call court is illegal. This let go Man ain't doing shit on there though. Y'all fucking man. I don't even see how you that could happen. We hooping. That's crazy. Sicker the Brooklyn Nets. Yeah man being still hooping being hoop. We don't, I'm saying we don't never talk about being, we always talk about Dennis Schroeder Kim. Hey y'all, we never mentioned being, there's a reason like I swear we never bitch to Ben. That's crazy. Yeah as matter of fact I'm gonna be respectful because Ben covered from me twice last week.


I'm gonna show some love bro. I need him to get a couple sis. He, he come late for me so no sm on Ben Simmons from my part I want him to go to the Texas and really hoop bro. I want him to go to a a contender and actually play basketball series again. I think that would be fucking hilarious if Ben went to another team this season and started hooping. For real or just being consistent. The NBA world will be in shambles bro. You probably need to be on a good team. That'll probably happen. He just playing my games. The NBA shit he getting paid bro. But just fuck it might get Wilson go into the Utah Jazz because getting out school by one person in a quarter is crazy. I know James Harden is a legend but that's out of pocket y'all. Yeah, I'm sick of Utah too. And then lose about 37. Don't make it no better but Utah playing around. Yeah I know y'all won't Cooper but damn they don't deserve that bro. Make it look a little better.


Shit. David Star would never let y'all get this but Cooper with Laurie Flip Aley off of Whp. Why doing that is flip, flip, flip, flip be kicked in the back of his ass for that. So flip that shit is true. Lori Wesley, Kessler, whatever his name is, Walker Kes. Walker Kessler and Cooper Flu that nah, no offense but that's too many white dudes on the same team. Yeah y'all not the 2016 Pacers. Y'all not gonna win with that. Yeah you can't leave a league in white. You can't have five white dudes on the same team and play though. I don't know bro. Listen China rules but backwards. Especially Utah. We might make it work bro. They gotta go get paid Prichard and then Alex Caruso code.


I ain't gonna lie. They get paid pri cold and Caruso at the guard. Nah, Caruso gotta come off the bench. Them all them players are good. But you can't like it just nah, nah it ain't gonna work. All white team in the NBA would be hilarious. Was hardest on at the fall. Nah, knocking not white bro. It only can work black. He not white work in Utah though. Black? Yeah, daddy black. Oh my bad. Nasty. Well you still you half and half but it would only work in Utah though. It will. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. It would only work in Utah. I think you could put seven solid players on the Utah team that are all white and they'd be decent. Alright, who would be your seven? I put Peyton Pritcher, Tyler Hero. You put Peyton, you gonna put Tyler Hero in Utah?


Yeah. That's gonna be like young boy out there. Nah, nah, nah. He he know how to act. He turning it off and on bro. We off and on. So Tyler Hero will be my two. Laurie will be my four youngster from Duke. Coup my three. Yeah. I said Hornstein is one of us. I didn't know I fall nasty. Walker Kesel your five. I dunno man, Walker guess nice though. Yeah, Walker Kele. Alright. I dunno man. Go zoo, big zoo. I'll take Zoo box. Even though these people probably not fully white. I'll take box. That's a good ass team though. Football is Ru is Rudy Goldberg mixed. Let's go because he take the other side. That'd be my fifth flips.


Rudy Goldberg, the honor white team is crack. That's a hell of a draft. How? Like Dave Chappelle you your mama and we take Brian gum. You your mama baby. He said the blacks take him and ask you a question M Wait a minute. Hey ain't crazy legendary man. Oh yeah. We gotta cover that on the pod man. Kyle Leki legend man. Yeah, fuck your family bro. Get to it. He, he, I think he did the one shit too. He soaked. Come on, y'all stop putting smoke, wrap this shit up man.


Five 20 in the Morning y'all. Peace, love chicken grease. Man we out. That's how you show. We be back tomorrow morning, man. Y'all be safe. The Volume.


What's up everybody Ad Nan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Anya Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four. And We we're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Puck on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Happy Holidays from me, Michael Rappaport. And my gift to you is a free subscription to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics, and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it, and there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, and wherever you get your podcast.