
Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings, Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan, Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cash back offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check Offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


Holiday magic is in the air and DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock and more and deals. To make your budget bright, Find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


The Volume. Well I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined this morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Penn. To my right, my brother TG Fellas. Good morning. How y'all doing? Chilling bro. Good bro. Oh, I'm hyped for sure man. It's the last episode of the year. Happy New Year's Eve so, oh man. Make sure y'all responsible tonight. Be safe and make sure you make it to the new year. Man, we had some great sports going on yesterday, let's get straight to it. Hey man, the nuggets was whooping shit yesterday against the jazz 1 32, 1 21 Man Joker and Russell Russ book had triple doubles yesterday, bro. Crazy Russell Russ Brook, no turnovers. He was in there doing his thing yesterday for shows. Was good to see him out there killed with Joker like that.


They wasn't in each other way at all. So he Had a perfect triple double. Yeah. Didn't miss a shot. Didn't turn the ball over. Unbelievable game for Russ off the bench. Like that's light work. I guess we don't give him enough credit for being a person that he is being coming off the bench and being a player that he is being. I mean getting a triple double with another guy, getting a triple double was unbelievable Shooting a hundred percent too. And then it ain't like Joker had a barely tripled double. Nah, my boy had 36, 22 11. That was, That was a a freaky triple double. Yeah that was crazy. It wasn't a lot of sets going around that situation. Rus Russ Brook still had 16, 10 and 10 like you said. Seven to seven from the field also a hundred percent on free throws too. No turnovers perfect. Triple double man.


It's an epitome to who Russell Westbrook is. Like we talked about it. That whole Laker situation put like a, a stain on his situation because people got to talk to him crazy and diminish him like he ate a hall of Famer like he ate to look capable player beginning of the season. You talked about him going to Nuggets, you were early, said it was gonna work out and so far it's been sweet. He, He just needed time bro. Like he is great for the locker room and just his game gotta come to him so they straight. Nah for sure man, it, it is dope. Like you said we get to honor Russell West Root because we had those years of Muff for no reason. Every other team he's been on, he's been a constantly professional. All his teammates say how much they love him and he been playing solid for this team this year man. Is this what the nuggets needed? I think they still need another piece.


Okay. But I think Westbrook solidified, you know, scoring off the bench play, making off the bench and obviously we know he, he's a great rebounder. They still missing a wing. They gonna need a wing. But I mean when having Yoic on your team, man arguably the probably the best player top three player in the league, he can make things happen for your team that not too many people can for sure. And Katie recently said that, you know what I'm saying, he was like, joker is the best player in the league and probably top 10 of ALL TIME. How y'all feel about that statement? He the best in the league. I mean shit, It ain't, he can't be mad at somebody saying it. He proven Yeah I think he, I think he the best in the league or he can probably win three in a row.


MVPs. I mean the numbers he put up are crazy. The way he played basketball is fun to watch. He played the right way, he makes the extra pass. He's not selfish at all. The game looks so easy to him. Yeah we, we say he outta shape from what we looking at but like everything he do he just make the game look easy and simple. I I probably would agree with Katie that he is the best top 10 ALL TIME. I mean shit I don't know how you can argue with it. I mean if he get another MVP three in a row. Yeah. The only way of who LeBron and a couple other people done done that. Yeah, Garcia. Yeah he got well a little bit of a, yeah that's, that's just crazy bro. That's 'cause when did the NB get his MVP? Was it last year? Yeah, so basically yeah like you said but two take a break off and then break get three or four years.


It's still phenomenal and he could have got a last year he could got he take himself out the race basically. Yeah like basically like I don't want this shit to be in the MVP race for five straight years. Yeah and like be leading the race in the guard era. Yeah, yeah. Like you said in the era where the big is not, you know what I'm saying? The most pushed person in the league and it's crazy man. He's just doing his thing. I know we, we talked about it, Jordan Clarkson had 24 so he was killing, he's one of those players that's on the list for a lot of different teams to say okay it might take a second round pick or two to get him on to be a contender. But as a person we talked about helping another team for sure the nuggets. He said they need a little bit more wing help been rumor they been in context with the Wizards maybe getting some help from over there from Kyle Kuzma. Yeah. And they say, you know, maybe it is a stretch pause.


But even getting Jordan Clarkson, I mean not Jordan Clarkson, Jordan Pool on that team too. I mean they, they could use another score on the Wing but I think they need another wing defender. Okay. You think they can just try to go get Ks? Yeah, I mean he can guard, I mean he's not known for defense but I think he's a competitor. Very. Yeah, he's, he's a competitor so I think, you know, he embraced that role trying to play on a team that has aspirational win a championship. I mean leaving the Wizards and going to Denver is like nevermind, I ain't gonna say that but like great for sure. Yeah. Going to a penthouse from the outhouse, you know what I mean? So damn. Yeah I'm sure he'll embrace that role and probably have a good time doing it. I always wondered what that feelings like.


'cause like you seen Dor Finney Smith, he was just like, I know what it's like to be the little brother in Brooklyn now I'm a big brother with the Lakers. When players go from teams that ain't good to good teams. Do you think most of the times they like be geeked about that? I mean I, I never really had that situation. Like I went from good teams to bad teams. So I, I probably feel different. Hey you came to nap, you didn't come to a bad scene though, but then after that you went to a mediocre team. I'm just playing. Nah, you, you definitely started high with the Hawks, the Pacers. That was a good year but it was turmoil. That was that team. Yeah, I mean I'm not saying the Pacers was a bad team. I'm saying like when I got traded I went from like a bad team to like a bad team. Like I never got like a tremendous upgrade upgraded. Yeah. So I don't know what that feeling's like for sure man. Yeah the Pacers fan, they like Jeff t need to show more love man.


We love Jeff Teague. So that's, that's the agenda next year man we got pacer. I mean I love the Pacers. I mean they just, when they asked you to rev the engine of last year you said no? Yeah I'm grown man. I got y'all. We holding it down next year. I'm grown bro. I said I about sit in that car, I'm so happy they would've told me just you know come say what up. I wanna put my hand up in the car bro. That's outta the pocket. Shout out to the faces man. They crazy. But look like you said Russell Westbrook second time ever man. No Miss shots. No Miss Hurdles and Triple Dub. That is crazy man. Like historic and it's fitting for RU for sure Nuggets. I know we talk about this quite a lot but you still feel that can contend in the West?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. When you got the best player in the league. Arguably okay, you always got a chance and they got capable players. I mean Jamal Murray we know he can have moments Aaron Gordon, he can breakouts moments and stuff like that and they get a coma or a Jordan pool. I think those guys are more than capable of having moments. So yeah They just gotta click at the right time. Yeah, that's all. And having Westbrook as your backup to run your team bro. You in good hands for sure, especially how you play with the young boys. He ain't in they white hand hating on me. That's what I'm saying. He really let go all the way down. That's what people thought it was hard for him to do when he's proven like shit I can rock out with anybody. His Career aged pretty, pretty well. Hell, Hell yeah For sure. Transit. I thought it would be tough for him too.


I ain't gonna lie. Yeah, to be how he Was. How He was. Yeah I never thought that he aged like he's age And his personality was like I'm not no bench niggas so Facts. Yeah I Understand. Yeah because you think about the trips he took, you know what I'm saying? You look at the Houston situation, you look at the Washington situation, it's like all those teams he went to, he may had the best as in Houston but he flourished in every one of those roles. So the Lakers was anomaly obviously, but shout to Russell Westbrook man. It was just Easy to pick on Russ. 'cause him and his KD beef. Yeah and he don't, he don't talk like he, you know what I'm saying? He don't really go out and say too much about nothing. He just put his head down a hoop. So shout out to Russ Westbrook man. Crazy game yesterday for sure. Cavs went crazy yesterday. Best in the league record wise.


28 and four Beat the sleeves off the Warrior one 13 to 95, gall at 25 and eight. Jonathan Mitchell 23 and four. Shout out to Trace Jackson. Davis team TE alumni had a smooth double W yesterday but 16 to 16 went crazy. Steph only had 11 yesterday but Jonathan Minga had 18 to 10. We gonna put too much stock in this. We just gonna show some loves to the Cavs whooping ass yesterday. Ah, the Cavs, they really a good team. I mean I seen Trace had good stat line they but him and Minga was broke as hell. They couldn't make no layups for shit but or Buddy Hill. Yeah but the Cavs are just a real well machine bro. They play great together. Like you can tell how Donovan Mitchell play, he just wanna win like he not overshooting overkill.


He only averaging 23 this year somewhere around there. And for us that's kind of low for him. Yeah we used to him being in that upper 26, 27 range. So you could tell he took a step back for their team to be better 'cause they got some more players that's developing there Garland around 20 points and then you got other people flourishing in their role. So the way they're playing together, I mean I think they're a real solid team. They could be in the Eastern Conference finals for sure. Most definitely. I was gonna ask y'all how y'all feel about that back court with him and with dg. I know a lot of people are speculating if Derrick guards gonna make the Allstar game and I but how y'all feel about that? That back court so far this year? I like 'em. They top three. Yeah they having a Top three. Yeah They having a, I mean they got the record to show, I was begging about this this morning when I was looking at what we were gonna talk about and I was just like dang.


Do you pick Darius Garland over Trey Young and K Cunningham? 'cause they team having so much success or do you go nah. Ah man I think with the East Guards this year I think it's gonna be hard for Darius to get in even though he's probably deserving, like you said Grace Stats in the number one team. But you look at Jalen Brunson, you look at at Damien Lillard, is he gonna beat them over? I'm I'm asking y'all. I mean I'm just going through a list of people like that's, I think Jalen Brunson more than definitely deserves to be on that team. He should be an Allstar starter in my eyes but he probably won't be. But then you got how, how do you say Darius Garland, they having the best season ever arguably for the Cavs since LeBron's whatever runs they number one in the east.


I think you just choose the best players with the best stats. That's me. I don't care who win or lose though. That's for the players. The All Star game is Florida the the best talent to touch the floor. Yeah but that ain't fair 'cause you good something like somebody got score the ball. Yeah. So if I'm the best talented, if I'm La Melo and we got seven wins but I average 30, I should make the Allstar team. Yeah Because I'm killing. Yeah But Somebody I That's what the Allstar, the Allstar game is for shits and giggles bro. All right. One year Tony Rowland averaged 22 for Philly. They was, they won like 10 games. That's but it's probably, it is so many other people averaging two. I'm just saying shout zero that My guy, I'm just saying bullshit. We had shit got everything.


Shout out to T Row for sure. We love to have you on Cliff five 20 for sure at that time I'm asleep. Yeah there's probably 12 other niggas averaging that bro. I'm just saying I'm Lonzo Ball averaging 30 and 10 bro. That's different than 22 And And K, he missed a lot of games too though. Okay. So that's probably what's gonna probably knock him outta the situation 'cause he missed games man. They won seven games. He is knocked out. Yeah. Now Trey Young's situation is interesting because 22 and 12 and and the Hawk Star, he has to be an Allstar. I I'm I thought about more you said yesterday I'm like yeah he has to be an Allstar 22 and 12. I don't think that K should make it. I think K should probably get in there too. 'cause like we said, what the Pistons were last year and what they are now a lot is because of him his come on bro. 24, 10 and seven. So I love Darius Garland.


I just, I don't Why this might beat them odd man out unfortunately. Yeah but I just don't like the multiple player on the team. All Star Just 'cause they never So you think only Yeah I always hated that bro. Fuck y'all all. Oh especially your team. A hundred percent. You probably got probably really like tipped the cake for me. Y'all the Hawks kicked it over. Send four niggas is crazy. What The worst? The Hawks. What? I mean people people the pieces. What up Up? Y'all see this shit The Pistons one or the Hawks one? The Hawks bro. Just because the Pistons. The Pistons like they really, they want a chip. Mm They want a chip bro.


Like Ben Wallace is out of pocket. Like I nobody wants to Ben Wallace a Allstar jersey but Ben Wallace was an enforcer. Okay. And you know what I'm saying? So it it, it made more sense. Like the cast, they almost sent five. I mean the Hawks almost literally sent five players to Allstar. No the fuck we did Y'all Finn to see a whole star in five. No they was, They was pushing for the Mark Curl heart. Yes they was. And I was hating. I was hating. They was not pushing for dc they was, they was picking between him and Kyle. The only reason they made somebody got hurt. Dang. Well respect. So it should have been somebody else from another team. Why we gonna get another nigga from the, from All because how Kyle was a Allstar for us.


I mean nah, that's what I'm saying. Niggas was good for that moment for the team so far as the NBA but the Allstar game bro put the all Stars in the game. Respect. Like that's all I'm saying bro. I I love Cal Corver, I love Ben Wallace but come on bro. Respect I gotta give bro For sure. Hey people vote who they vote That is true But is like nah because you was making an argument about like the winning, you know whoever's winning. I mean that's cool bro. But damn bro I'm just saying you gotta play for something. That's what make you a all star. You make your team better. That's real. Like just 'cause I'm cold, it's a bunch of niggas that's cold. You like you put somebody else on the Wizards they can average 25 30.


I remember that was a conversation a lot with Brad Bill. Even though we know Brad bis Elite, they was just like, oh yeah Brad Be's averaging 27, 28. But they trash and it's just like, yeah I get it. But I think that might be a threshold where certain people like, all right if you averaging 24, 25 on the sad team then so be it If you averaging 30, Nah bro. 'cause I used to be Shiting when Dane wasn't making the Allstar game bro, that was a problem at first. But they was actually good. They was good. It was just the guards in the west. I mean he was getting robbed like they were actually good like they Records my damn bro. How Dame not making all that Was a playoff team every of year. That was actually Good Warriors sending four niggas to that bitch bro.


Getting some holiday shopping done this weekend. Pick up some touchdowns. They're also a Draftking sports book. An official sports book partner of the NFL wills. Would you expect the number more place to bet touchdowns? Grab some TDS with DraftKings Sports book. They're on sale from Thanksgiving through Cyber Monday. Download the Draft King sports book app and use Code Club five 20 to opt in. That's Code Club five 20 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Face Bank. NA member FDIC.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah, all you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games they've come in and haven't scored 20 points and you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast,


Good sleep should come naturally And with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community of values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.


Come on, that's I'm that's what I just, that's why my beef is with for real with that. But Yeah, I was gonna say it's what it is. You look at the Eastern conference point guards we talked about, we go through the list DARS Garlic should definitely be in that conversation for sure. But you look at him, you look at Jalen Bruss look, yeah we look, look you just keep it there for me. Please look at the hawks. You got Trey Young Magic. I don't think any of their guards is going unfortunately Nicks Jalen Bruss for sure problem Celtics probably none of their guards, their wigs will probably Gold calves obviously two people there who are capable Pistons. Kade Bulls probably not Pacers Tyrese probably not making an All Star game this year. So I I mean he should man and Tyler Hero. You think Tyler Hero gonna get that all Star spot? I mean he in the conversation I don't, he might not make it but he definitely in the conversation he averaging 24 playing well for the league.


How many Guardsman Allstar Game eight. It's weird. They have it like Wings and bigs don't they? Something like that. I mean it's a whole different format now. You know they playing them split up teams, that type of stuff. People picking a team. Yeah you right. So I don't even know how it's going to go but seven to 25 is crazy. Tyler Hero that's like 30 is cool but Seven Wins is crazy. Like that's crazy. I was rocking with K but all and he missed games and he probably ain gonna make the Allstar game even though he probably should with them stats. But I don't know. It's kind of crazy if Tallah Hiro get the Allstar bid over Derek crawling. I mean no disrespect, I'm not, I'm gonna get the award. 20% of the games is wild. Especially after getting tossed like that yesterday. You gotta get it out dg. I getting Judo flip.


I ain't mad at DG and Donovan making it dope. They ain't, I ain't mad at that at all. They both well deserving for sure man. Interesting stuff about the Warriors. They started off hot this year but they have had the same record in the last couple of games I believe as the Wizards as far as like the winning stuff, they have been trash. What do they do? Because we, they gotta make a big splash trade. It is. It ain't working with the young guys and if y'all gonna keep Steph and y'all gonna ride it out with Steph till he is done playing, you gotta get him another star. I mean I like Minga and them guys but it's just not working. Yeah, yeah like now if y'all gonna rock out with Minga and them and stay with the young guys, y'all gonna have to let Steph and Draymond and those dudes make some decisions.


You know what I mean? If they still wanna play for championships and stuff like that, you gonna have to Yeah, both the wizards and the words are four 13 in our last games. Last 17 games. That's disgusting. They have to do something bro. I don't know what it is. I don't know if they said on business with Kamino but it is just, it looked weird bro. And like you said, if you gonna have Steph don't make him waste a year like this or if so just be trash outta way. Sit him and rebuild and go for the future. But what they doing right now obviously can't be it for sure. And I don't think they want to. I think it's Draymond and Steph, they wanna play for something but I don't know who they trade for. Now do you trade, obviously they say they not trading Jimmy Miami. Yeah but like allegedly, you know, anything can change. You send out the right package.


I'm sure that they'll probably come back with a response but yeah, especially since he's out for conditioning so yeah. I don't know who else that you go after. Yeah we'll see Mcg. Well so I wanted, I, I always wonder, I think I got a idea that Trader Draymond said that he wanted them to turn down so Oh George? No was that was that one I talking about? I don't remember who you talking about. I thought it was the marketing situation but that's just assumption obviously. But I would love to, I would go get Lori. Yeah I know that love for about the off season but I would love for him to go get Lori. Hell yeah that would, that would, that would make that team alive better for sure. But we'll see man, get well soon. Warriors. The next key whipping, they got the wizards up outta here 1 26 to 1 0 6 Kat another phenomenal year man.


32 and 13 Josh Harvin crazy yesterday. 24 15 to 10 Trippy Dub. Jaylen Brus at 18 and six, nine of the last 10. Man Knicks got high at the right time man they playing great basketball. They supposed to get two all Stars and Jalen and Kat for sure. Most definitely. Cav should be a starter. Yeah for sure. I think they both, I think they both can be starters. I don't know if they will but they both, oh they're in New York too. That fan base should definitely make sure that they starters man. But they, I think they solidify theyself as the second best team in the East. Mm. I think they're better in the Cavs. I think the Gavs are playing better basketball right now as a team but in a playoff setting I want to take them over the Cavs.


I'm a Cavs fan, y'all all know it. But the way Kat and the Knicks play, they got two dominant guys that any game can go off of 50 and the Cavs I only, I only think down can have those moments. I don't see Darius being able to get 50 or just to explode and take over a game like that. He can have a good game but these two dudes can take the, take the game over and do whatever they want at any point in the game And it ain't too many teams with two capable players like that. Nah, for sure. And like you said, to be able to create on their own, I think the Cavs need to go get another piece that can be able to help score high volume off the bench And for the playoff reasons, like you said Donvan Mitchell can definitely get you there. Darius Garlic can definitely contribute but they don't have the firepower that the Knicks have.


Nah, especially not in the series but especially now since dude found a shot. Yeah, since Mikel. Yeah. Heard Mikel worked bro. Yeah. Yeah he, he's back and like we said og, we talk about them going back between third or fourth option any given time. Both of them will go crazy man. Yeah that's, that's just a tough team to deal with. I ain't find that rhythm they, they damn near scary. I ain't gonna lie. They damn near a tough matchup for the Boston. Really? Unless poor Zy. If poor Zynga is healthy then it's a different matchup but if Zynga is out it's a tough matchup bro. Yeah For sure. If Pingus Andrew is is playing at a haha Level, It's over. It is a wrap. Yeah it's a wrap Bro. That's the scary part about them outside of that all healthy at a high level.


You right, you right bro. Them is even teams without Drew and Pingus playing at Top. I would say level, I would say the Knicks are a better team without poor Zigas and Drew. Yeah 'cause I think Drew is, I agree. I think Drew is like the glue to that team. I think obviously I know JT and JB they superstars no Killers. Yeah Superstar but, but Drew provides to that team is is irreplaceable. Yeah And I think that OG Mike Hill, I'm not saying they gonna stop Jason or Jayden at all but I think they can match up. Yeah can make it tough. They can give a challenge. Yeah they can make it tough. I ain't gonna stop him but they can make it tough. I'll go on the limb and say, I mean I respected poor Zingas but how Cat looking this year?


I don't think he want that smoke. I know schemes and stuff play matter what you're talking about as well but if if it gets between them two I'm taking Kat. I mean yeah you a take Ka but shit I know it's all schemes of how they move off. Yeah that that it affects everything else. We're talking about that From Boston Different That and and that pick Andro gonna get real scary with Kat if Zynga's there and Kat got switch 'cause Zynga shoot threes straight up now he gotta switch on the JT and jb. That's when it gets spooky. Spooky. Yeah. Even with Al Horford 'cause he shoot all threes it could get real spooky fast. Like Yeah put a ball on him. Yeah. Yeah they dropped coverage didn't help Kat year at all. But like we say come to schemes but then show Loves and Nick man they are whooping shit. Nine Outta 10. Y'all think this could be a championship team?


Nah not championship. Think championship. You don't think they could have a crazy run and and get through the East? Nah. Okay. They can make it to the east and Crown fan so they can make it tough for Boston. Okay. You said nah but everybody healthy on Boston is or it's a rap bro. They back to the championship they go for sure. I ain't at at all at that situation. Other games. I know y'all probably didn't tap in with this but this was a crazy game yesterday. The Bulls beat the horns yesterday at OT one 15 to 1 0 8. Kobe White was killing. I almost had a triple double 2310 and nine miles. Bridges was hooping yesterday. 31, 12 and eight. I ain't gonna lie, they was broke as hell. Did y'all see how many threes they missed? No I ain't watched that game bro. They missed what them their 75 threes combined. Yeah bro it was nasty bro. It was crazy though bro.


It was crazy. Miss 75, the factories still score 1 0 1 15 and 1 0 8 In overtime bro. That shit nasty word. I think it's just a that's bad basketball bro. You getting that motherfucker up Though man they was coming so fast bro. You, you Damn near 10 for 43 Bro. You're damn near playing within 10 seconds of shot clock. Yeah. Oh yeah to miss that many threes bro. And still have a high squad game like that. Y'all damn near look like Phoenix when Steve Nash was there Getting FGA up bro. Damn. I know a lot of people, especially the Ogb man. They was like man talk about the shooter. They like I wish I could have played in this era. We could shoot the ball whatever the hell you want to. With no consequence man I Think Reggie Miller as much as much as smart I put on his name, he probably average 30 today.


Reggie, Reggie Ray Allen. Oh my God. Like people like Dennis Scott D three people like him would've made Richman would've average 30 in his Man. Hundreds of millions of dollars. 'cause the way they shot the ball back then Rick Chapman. Yeah all these dudes Rick Chapman burners Shit Ton of Clay Thompsons even Rick Hamilton. Yeah like the way they shoot the ball. Yeah bro. And at that time you only could shoot like people was shooting like three or four like players three or four threes a game. Yeah And that was low key like Max like yeah having a hot night. Even like a guy like JJ Reddick, he was way before his time. You know what I mean? Like I remember when I first came in the league, if you shot a first side three like coming up in transition you was out of pocket like a pull up three in trans You was wowing?


Yeah like you Bugging. I think the first person I start seeing do that was Chauncey Billups. Yeah But Chay the, I'm not saying nothing, you know of course JJ Red too but Chauncey was a pull Up. Nah, nah Chauncey was cold at that but like you had to be like Chauncey billers like Chauncey had a trust his coach and most players would not. I'm saying you could be anybody now and you could shoot a pull up first side three if you open like that was Chauncey billers like Chucky Atkins one coming in doing that. You know how I mean Chucky Atkins boy he had a locker in the league. Yeah but I'm just co it back up. Chucky Wood coming in pulling that Chucky was gonna get that ball, you know penetrate get the ball to ripping them and then he'll shoot a, you know, come back around to him.


He'll shoot that three but open top of the key shot. Yeah he ain't pulling up in transition. Child's the Chauncey billers man. If you a young guard watch Chauncey billers man learn something. Elite point guard for show Clippers beat the Pels yesterday one 16 to one 13 MPS Z 35 P James Harden 27 and four Mp. You know, I mean you know I put that back in your back Is Nmp Allstar right? Is he a Allstar to Know Bro? I don't, I I don't know man saying he n bro go to NMP stats. He average 24, he ain't getting no assist. Npu ain't, he ain't passing at that's my James hard on my team. We Took, we took Paul George spot. Don't ask too much. Okay, let's look at Paul, let's compare Paul George and Norman Powell.


Oh please don't go to Paul George stats right now. Nah, just say that. No, today we can even do last year's stats because, Well I'm a I I speak Paul That for a max deal. So if I'm Norman Powell I speak high on MP on the show but he is not fucking with Paul George bro So far shit overall body of work. But we're saying compare. Oh Right now Mp I'm saying I'm going, if I'm going to the drawing boards and I'm giving him, I'm asked for a max deal from the Clipper. So whatever Paul George asked for. Yeah, if I'm MP I'm gonna go compare my stats for Paul George. Okay. If he averaged 22 last year and y'all thought about giving him a three year deal at whatever number, I'm gonna be like hey average 24, we still Winning.


That was with, that was with Kauai too At speaking of Kauai. Kauai is targeted to be back in the next two weeks. How y'all feel about that Him and him peasy? I don't Believe it but especially how you don't believe it. I don't either bro. They said that he was targeting on the first week of January so I had an extra week on there to give him some grace. See he's supposed to be back in the next two weeks but I, I ain't know no sweat on nobody's paper or nothing. But ain't slice people like Scotty Barnes a max player. Yeah, most definitely. Yeah, I, Norman Powell's a max player for Max mp. Hey boy, you don't know Steve Baller. I ain't, I ain't doing this trying to get some tickets bro. I I been, I Mp for the max. Nah, I mean I nicknamed for a reason.


This was last year. You earned your nickname because I saw it in you bro. Paul. But like yeah Max me bro. Max Me bro. He'd be killing for sure got show respect he killing bro. I'm Max man if I'm him man y'all was thinking about giving Paul George, I mean Paul George come with Superstardom too though. Yeah so he told he brings fans and he got that 22 off being the first Unity and, And I got a shoe bro. No ain't no one. You know I love MP but the MPS bro it's, it's probably quiet. Yeah, team Shoe for sure. It's probably quiet But I'm just saying maybe he deserve a Allstar though. We gotta see who's all all it's all on Averaging 20 C. This is the beef that I got. I'm Saying you gotta look at the West. He got LeBron Man it is quiet bro.


Out west for the, for the forwards bro. Ramp for 25 LeBron kd. Kd If you go through I'll Let y'all do your thing bro. I'm 25 Go to the Western conference teams with me real quick. Yeah, gonna say that's gonna be the tough part about George is six James Harden will be Allstar Sure has to be. Yeah for sure. But you got so it is he Thunder That's Shay and J Dub. I'm asleep. Yeah. Oh there we go. Back to that conversation. J Dub make it over no 8 26 involved bro. We we're going back to that best team run. Gotta stop Bro. Bro. No Norman Powell over J Dub fucking killing. Yes bro. Norman Shade and be cool.


Be smooth bro. So no J Dub, No Norman Powell. So how you get James Harden and Norman Powell but you don't get JW and Shay Bro we a better duo bro. No crazy crazy bro. Crazy MP is man. Nah, nah bro. 21 5 5 Nigga the Allstar game bro. He allall he Don't even fit the description And you see MP also he about be there shooting mini pullups and I Try to get my boy a jersey bro. Alright that I Love think that Three forwards. So he got bro KD JJ Dub is 16 bro. Can we go back to the break? Okay so we go through Wendy's definitely making it but he's big. Yeah Timberwolves a a might make it.


Oh Anthony make it Allstar game. Okay for sure. LeBron ad gonna make the Allstar game for sure. Nuggets. You gonna get Yos. I don't know if he get anybody else in the team. No Mavericks, Mavericks Luca out though. Yeah he's out. Well he ain't gonna be out until then but I'm sure. I mean I don't think he gonna play. Come on Y'all. Yeah I think MP gonna take Luca's spot. Anybody on the rockers getting the Allstar Spot Big Oh gun. Okay. Is it big? Yeah. Damn. But MP gonna be a replacement for Luca. Do Kyrie make the Allstar team? I hate nigga. Ky better make the Allstar team. Yeah, but n John Ray gonna make the All Star team too. He too hard. He all team. Hey everybody nigga, your Rev jersey is crazy. He definitely gonna be he I mean I ain't mad at it.


If he do I ain't mad I won't even make it shit. Max Mp look at these, these teams y'all. Let's go scroll To the ball Please. Guy Norman Powell fucked up bro. Yeah because nobody on the Pelicans making it the trail jazz. And if somebody from the fucking Pelicans make it label ball better make the Allstar. First and foremost Lloyd Marketing, he's an Allstar player. If I'm just say I don't think you can get two, I don't think you can get two on a Clipper, two off the Clippers is crazy if you, if if you don't get two in a way, if you don't get two from the Thunder, come on bro. Nah bro, bro, you you. 1216 bro. No it's over with bro. You too young bro. Nah, you say you're too young. Nah bro, Only power is gonna be the oldest most improved player ever.


Bro. As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you could be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Good sleep should come naturally and with a new natural hybrid mattress it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.


Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community, the values that you know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the North new residents share why they love calling it home. At explore minnesota.com/live


We all got a thing obsession. For some of us it's vintages, fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof. eBay, where closets get filled with statement pieces and venture spots. Where Designer handbags or the real deal and all your Forever desk style sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them and if it's your car, the Fusion Most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any doit Yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling or retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay so go ahead and find what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love


Real talk Jones. I'm serious though. He's older bro. For real. Shout to give my nigga all star nine bro. He Deserve, he deserve to be a all star. He deserve it but Nah y'all niggas wild. If he make it And W gonna Make it ace All Stars might smack the west but we'll talking about for different conversation win. Nah, but I hope he make it too. Shout to MP May having a great year. Nah, for sure he was killing 35. Definitely done to sneeze that he been hooping all year. Especially standing on business. CJ McClean had 33 yesterday. Gotta show some love of that. Free that man too. Pelicans. Y'all gotta get people up outta here man. It's a lot of quality players in the team that deserve real homes man. Y'all here bullshitting. I don't know where CJ Mcco go. Send him to Milwaukee bro. Him and Dame link up. Let him go crazy again. I don't know who you trade out in Milwaukee then if you go get him.


Oh shit, shit. The Pelicans, well they, I don't know what they asking Price is. They probably just looking to move on. Give 'em a pick. Co picks and a rotation player maybe you probably get it done. All these second around pick moves. You see what happened with Dennis Schroeder. If you can move people for second round picks obviously a different situation with the Nets. But shit, if you can get 'em gone for that, make it happen, they ain't got too much to lose and he'll definitely help that team. I mean but Dennis Schroeder about to be an unrestricted free agent. That is true. But what's CJ deal? I don't know what CJ on, I don't know. I'm sure he on a deal. I think he had signed an extension not too long ago. Maybe two years ago. Yeah, we'll look it up another time but yeah, free that man too man. Seven six Beat the blade yesterday. 1 25 to 1 0 3 built to ass situation to B had 37 to nine re Maxey 23 and three.


No a Simon parlay up 25, 4 and four that he fucked the the layup. That's who might need to get traded. Simon. Yeah, Simon might. Yeah. Hemorrhage. I great. That gotta get up outta outta there bro. But he, he's another person who could go help a team for sure. Oh he's a verified bucket. I would like to see him in Denver. He would a, I would love to see him in Denver bro. Wouldn't be bad in Denver. They ain't gonna trade him in the conference but he wouldn't. Yeah they won't do that at all. He wouldn't be bad. Damn. Seven, six or six of the last seven. I don't even know why we put this up there. Have they figured it out? No. Why not? They playing good basketball. Go to the record. Go go to the standings please bless you. Thank you. Obviously wouldn't be back.


I mean definitely make a difference but they are what, hey 1317 they start out on a sixth game dinner win streak and they only got 13 wins. I mean they started out so bad. I mean NB missed majority of the games I think man by the time this end, by the time Allstar break they be dang their eighth. Everybody healthy man. Paul Georgia still gotta fight his way though. Yeah, he has been. He's been struggling. You know he had only had nine last night. Only after 13 in the last five but, But they won without him Though. Most definitely. I'm just getting my hat off right now. 'cause realistic like you said by all-Star break bro. If they catching another win streak bro, they gonna be a a problem to deal with. Yeah they gonna be in seven. This is a team you don't want to face in the playoffs. So the Cavs, all these guys are really nervous about them being the eighth seed or whatever, you know what I mean?


Because that's a bad matchup man. That's a bad matchup. Imagine being the number one seed in the east having a crazy, you playing a team that's probably better than you and you get N beat in the first round. Like that fucking sucks. Yeah because shout out to Jared Allen. I don't think he want that smoke. And then pg he's still capable and then Tyrese Maxey we He just into a little slump right now. We Know how we feel about Tyrese Maxey so. Oh yeah, for sure man. Get well soon to the Blazers as well. Glad my young and back though For sure. Kings beat the Mavs yesterday. I told you one 10 to 100 The Mavs saw a lot of people yesterday so they should have won that game. 33 6 and eight for D Fox bonus 17, 16 to seven. Just did what? He was kill yesterday. 30 ball.


PJ Washington had 28 as well. They almost beat them yesterday. Missing a lot of starters. But this the say more for the Mavs to say more for the Kings. I mean they Just, that's good. Do for the Kings and shout out to D Fox too. He spoke on, you know what I mean? That shit Lou said, he said none of that shit is true. You know what I mean? But I can run with that narrative if y want to. Yeah, that was an interesting back and forth. I think that's the power of you know, players having a voice. He was just like, hey we, we wasn't known that, not trying to correct Lou but trying to get some information to it and then Luber brother. Yeah, I wouldn't known that bro. I'm just saying. But I do love the fact that everybody's just like nobody wanted to fire Mike Brown. Well somebody's lying because he got fired. They said he was underperforming. Damn. That's what Yeah the King's people said he was underperforming.


Yeah. Oh Dion Fox was just saying bro just you know, do your thing but don't put it to me like I'm on some LeBron shit. Fired. Yeah, he ain't a coach killer by no means. Yeah, Like And you can't, you can't say that the organization is trash and they're terrible and then blame Dion Fox because if they're that type of organization, trust me and that disrespect to D Fox, he wouldn't have that type of pool bro. Yeah, that's just their decision. But that is crazy. Shout out to Mike, bro. That PE day though. Pull up nap. We got Ja for you. Tonight's games going to New Year's Eve. They got some matinee games today. It's crazy. Raptors at Celtics. I'm gonna go with Celts. I was gonna say I was surprised it was a pause on that one. I live in Toronto Bucks at Pacers Pacers money line man.


My boys is in town. I ain't even hit 'em up. They gonna be in town for a while too. I think. Free money for the Pacers right there. Get that money. Nah, buck Gonna win that one though. Clippers at Spurs Clips. Hmm? I'm gonna go Spurs for some reason. I'm gonna go Spurse. I don't got no, I don't care. T Wolves at Thunder. Thunder? Yeah. Okay, I'm rolling. Grizzlies at Suns Suns. I'm going. Grizzlies ja out. I'm going. Suns Cavs at Lakers. I'm gonna say I'm gonna take the Lakers. You gonna take the Lakers? Yeah I think bro. LeBron playing right. Take the Lakers. That's gonna be an interesting game for sure.


On the back to back. I'm gonna run with the Cavs man. See what happens. But like you said, it is a Cavs. Brian might fuck around a kill verified buckets beat here. Who was getting to it? I'm giving it to the youngsters in college. Ace Bailey and Dylan Harper Triple W, you know what I mean? Dylan Harper had a triple W yesterday. Ace had 24 and eight. So that's why I'm giving my verified bucks to Today man, they was killing yesterday. Young lottery picks on the way. Yeah, I'm watch that game. I'm gonna show some love 10 B man 37 to nine know 76 be catching a lot of flack. That's nothing to sneeze at at all bro. He was killing yesterday for show. Oh I'm gonna agree with B Him with Dylan Harper. I was watching that game and to see how he controlled the pace and playing against the Columbia team that was 11 and one Wasn't a bad team.


Not at all. So they played well yesterday. Shout out to Dre Fox though too, you know what I mean? Still playing through all that. Smut and NB, you know what I mean? Old school, He old school. 50 out young, old school. Yeah, he LeBron age still doing his thing. I don't think that gets spoke on enough. Who Older So MB or Norman Powell? Definitely mbi. MB we're supposed to get drafted in oh three box now. So. But you still be kicking and killing bro. That's, that's a don't go notice King. It don't go. You Supposed to be the oh three draft flag. It don't go unnoticed. But yo, last but not least, I got Y some Love the Joker man. I know. You know we get normalized by it but 36, 22 and 11 is fucking crazy, bro.


You was whooping shit yesterday, last one of the year. Man. Be here. Get well soon. Who needs some encouragement going to New Year? What? My dog. What? We say? Well y'all got some names on this one? Charlemagne le Gay haw ya. I'm gonna take the safe one. Don't roll. Cat. Ducking on star. I'm sorry man. Yeah. Chill out yo. Oh you. Hey. Okay Kat, you're busy. Your handle. Hey My mama. That's raw. Play that again bro. Welcome to Young Boy to the league. Ah, That's hard on the island cat.


Yeah, young boys. Excuse me. Hey, with the left? Yeah, cat's a starter. Oh. Without question. Yeah, without a question. I don't want a cat jersey but that that move crazy. I got in in the leggings. Yeah, I do need a cat New York jersey sign. I got the timberwood I need to cat. Damn. He skilled in the motherfucker. Yeah man, I told y'all a long time ago. My Lord Bro. You just said that very, very, very early on about how good Kat was. Even back in Minnesota today. Yeah, you spoke that highly. One of these days we gonna have to go back and we'll talk about how that timber was Trey, fuck up the Easter conference but not today. You said Gershon Post rise Disney avita yesterday.


Crazy. It is. Some names on this. This motherfucker for sure. Oh yeah. Charlamagne Maa. Hey my girl DJ Envy As you was The Breakfast Club. Hey, you know what's crazy? He got back one more time. He got back in the league 'cause the Olympics and Dunking O'Brien. That's fire. Yeah, he had a great 2024. He been playing great. Like he is really been playing well for the Sixers. Not even trying to be funny. Nah, he been hooping, he been hooping even that game against the Celtics. He played well, made some big shots and tonight I think he might have had 18, 19 points in this game. You know what the crazy part about it is? He came to this team, you know what I'm saying? After having a great Olympics, coulda had a different suitors. He was like, all right I'm gonna go to this team, I'm gonna get to play and we gonna have, you know what I'm saying, aspirations boy I know he was shitty the first two months up there in Philly because they was Boo was hype because he was getting a chance to play shit.


You know when you come back to the league it ain't always guaranteed. I mean you signed but that don't mean you gonna be in a rotation. And while they was out, he got a chance to show what he was doing. He was playing well and now he's stuck in a rotation. Now he about to solidify himself as a real NBA player and he gonna be probably get paid shit. I was so say average, average 10. Oh yeah, for sure. You in a rotation for sure. You getting 10 piece Another Goodwill. I mean the get Well soon goes to Joe Button. My boy was naked outside the apartments and shit, so Oh yeah, the the sleepwalking situation. Yeah. Get well soon Joe. Man. Well soon. Hey I, I love that back in Parks cri though. I I always like the OG joe button vibe. Where they was in the park's basement with the paints behind. That's the real vibes man. Oh, that's what they doing now? Yeah, they back in there for a temporary situation.


Get well soon, Joe. You know we fuck with the JVP up here. I'm definitely gotta show some get well soon to the Pelicans. 10 straight losses, man. 19 to the last 20. Yeah, they, they trying to get Cooper Flag down know man Co might be going to know. Damn, do that no clap and get him some Reebok soon as he touchdown. That Song was really weak too. You disrespectful. It is good. Shout to Whack and Skip, man. We not gonna disrespect do that no clap. See you got juvenile hate. I I don't realize you got juvenile hate. I love juvie. Nah, you Disrespect all the juvie classics. I see it. Juvie singles are elite And albums nigga, But I just, you know, They had a concept the other day. Houston was for real.


Yeah. Hot Boys Reunion concert. Nah, actually I love juvie. Not just as much as you, but I I appreciate juvenile bro. Y'all just mad at my 400 degrees tape. Yes. Disrespect. Yeah thing. Lord please believe That shit just didn't age well. That's it bro. Shout to you man. Listen man, we appreciate y'all show a little appreciation man. We started this out almost the end of this year. We in and out strong. We appreciate y'all. We can't wait to show y'all. We have in store for 2025 for the morning show and the podcast as well. Thank you for your support. We hope y'all have a great year. We damn sure plan on having one ourselves. We'll catch y'all next year at five 20 in the Morning. Hold on, I got a crash out. Oh, you got a crash out the end of the year. I nigga did a hell of a speech. He said hold your Horses.


Yeah, thank you Malcolm X. But for the drafting purposes, you know, I mean the crowd is yours tonight, Shay 25. Anthony Edwards, 25 Dame. I ain't busy Playing. Jason Tatum. 25. Norman Powell will get 20 points today. LeBron James 20, Kevin Durant, 25, $500 of light days. $8,000 for your grandchild. Yeah, that Sound like it could be doable. It's Dame playing though. Yeah. Okay. Dame playing. He talked to sources. He locked in. Yeah, he Locked in bro. So we Good. 500 for ags. Hey man, start your year off right man. Like we said, we'll be back next year. We appreciate y'all five 20 in the Morning.


Oh, you going to do your thing? Would it please believe me? The Volume,


whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out for details


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices. And with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk, fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelai Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters, whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.