
The Volume. All right man. We back another wonderful episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is dj. Well same game with me to my left. I got my dog, Bishop. Be here out the prayer least. How you what? Nasty, cool and nasty. Let's get tour baby. Listen man, we know you the Black Air Force one God man. But you got something special on your feet today. I see. Yeah, I, you know, I forgot his name. We're supposed to look on the page but I forgot. Mike, look and see who, who made the shout out to that young fella? I appreciate you though. Nasty. Shouting out somebody and not knowing their name is crazy. They so many people like DJ in the morning. Damn, that's crazy. Legacy for work. Shout to legacy man.


I fuck with you bro. Chance we gonna get everybody to sign these. I'm just gonna wear 'em today and we gonna put 'em up somewhere. Nah, that's fire. I ain't signed them. Weak ass shit. Don't let him do that to your legacy Chas. Tomorrow I got my dog Young Nacho Young T how you would man? Man I'm cooling man. Chilling, cooling. Na. Let's get to it. Oh, I'm about to start tweaking on this bitch like soldier bro. Soldier pick your own shit man. You gonna buy it to the Black forces. You gonna get a pair. Nah, he ain't worried. I never disrespect my feet. Aint worried he a real crash out though. I never disrespect first CT of the NBA for sure. ctt Nah, team T shout to the ct.


The best paid smoker baby. I see you got the, you got the nice joints on today. You know what I'm saying? The black to just came out went crazy. I couldn't really go home. These was at my office and my coach at the school. Damn. These my ones I be coaching in so I couldn't go home. So these was at the school and I had wore something earlier I think. Yeah. Oh damn. The front it was through, I hooped in them. Damn. I had these for minute so they done. Oh damn. I was hooping 'em today. So last dance for sure. Them the hardest fourteens. Nah, we already talked about that though. The candies bro. Light working for sure.


Them like three. Man, that's a, that's a far ass shoe though. Like the fourteens like we talked about the higher numbers, the higher number. Silhouettes is unappreciated man. Because I'm a crazy for sure. Oh my. Gotta get some new fourteens man. Mine's breaking. That's crazy. Damn, that's nuts. I hooped in them. Oh well I don't know how you hooped in them. Like in the league or you like Rich shit. No, I was hooping 'em at the school. Oh okay. I get said practice bottom probably, bro. That's a bad hoop shoe man in the league. I I, I couldn't imagine bro. It ain't like them shoes got much. Gives them in the fifteens is hard ass shoes to play basketball in show man. Well listen, we got the bartender back. Beat him. What we got tonight man. Come on, on in here Barbie.


What we got niggas trying to get drunk. I don't even drink. Cut it out. Oh. What do we have here Louis? Motherfucker Heavy. Shout to Louise. He got his own drink turn up. Louise got a drink. Damn. Oh okay. Oh its all got got straw now. I got you. So Louise got a drink. What's this Spicy? It's Not spicy, it's blueberry. Shout to the Spanish community Or Lemonade. Call Louise Spicy is crazy boy name Luis now.


Hey I didn't know until we got on a group call. They, we called him Lou. I was like oh no we can't call you Lou bro. Lou. Nah, this Louis shout to Louise man. So you said what's in here now? So we got, we're on tequila tonight. We got tequila, we got Triple Sec, we have lemon juice and blueberries. Alright. A tequila connoisseur myself. So simple. Yeah, I I I could tell I know what brand that is right there. I ain't gonna, you know they on, they don't, they don't pay us Bull. You went in there and looked at or make it Lame ass niggas hate ass nigga bro. You hat nigga went in there and seen the whole mockup. Come here. Try out fucking Taste. Bud is like that nigga. My favorite part is podcast when we snitch on each other for no reason.


I know Ass nigga. That's why these shoes weak. Go on. I'm about to tell the truth because you, before this show started you said them shoes was ass. I'm just, that's s see what time time we on today. This motherfucker D get you in trouble. Louis up. Yeah I go Huh, what's the name Drink again? I want you to say, Oh Louise, my dog Spicy Louis. She really tapped in. I liked that. I appreciate that because I mean my drink was better but gra Say what? Be here. What's a better drink? The Nacho? Nah, nacho ll Grande. Both of 'em have a Spanish team.


But I'm gonna rock with this Louis pee all the time. I'm, I'm more, I'm more of a, what is this grape? Blueberry. Blueberry? Yeah. So what kind of flavors do y'all like? Yeah, I'm more of a blueberry. Anybody messing with mango? Yeah. I like mango and strawberry. I'm, yeah, I'm more of a mango. As long as it ain't Calypso I'm with it. Yeah, it depend on the vibe though. What we doing man? What we eating that out for us. Telling people where they can follow you as so they can pull up and get some of these drinks. You Can follow me on Instagram. It's Barbie mobile bar and that's BA RV. BE mobile bar.


And I also have a website. It's barbie lux com. That's hard for sure. Taff show pull up on you take care of your parties, bar mitzvas, all that for you but Bar mitzvah. Damn all I'm trying, we trying to get this money turned up. Damn. Trying to get Wedding with 700 people. Damn. They were drunk. Sure. Oh yeah everybody was drunk. They had Mocktails. Oh okay. Wait they got mocktails? Yeah they got Mocktails snuck bottles in. Oh yeah you had to though. Oh you were gonna say there's gotta be a for that somewhere. Nah, for sure. For sure, for sure. Appreciate as far as you know speaking about Sneak thank you Barbie speaking about sneaking stuff in. I snuck, you know T got married and shit and Butler that's where I got Mike high at. I brought drugs in to Teague wedding to get a mike.


Right because his anxiety was kicking his ass. Hey man, the way you had freaky Mike in that, in that reception fighting for his life. My nigga was at that table was smacking the res. Nigga slow down. I ain't gonna lie, my wedding was hot as fuck. I swear so hard that fucking suit. Why the fuck would you pick outside? No nigga like Meeks got sweaty problem. They got burn on one of the hottest days possible. It wasn't even that hot. No it it got hot. No it was hot too after like it got hot as soon as we said I do, that shit just started burning up. I was like God was telling me, nigga you on fire that your ass is grass because it got hot back of my next door sweating and shit.


I was cool. It was cool for a minute. I was drifting that party before I, I stepped outside, checked the weather. I said yeah I got a body powder to my whole body still cloudy. I seen motherfucker Bill, bill Col, that motherfucker juice that activated was coming down that shit nigga the fact nigga was trying to drink. Hey no nigga took full advantage of that. That open bar intermission and I seen boys just start melting as soon as we got to that reception bar. Thats what shit got wicked that was lit bro. Seeing Mike High. That was crazy. I ain't gonna lie. That was weddings was fun though. I wanna go somebody else's. That was fun. Dang that. That one coming up Lou coming up? Yeah, yeah, yeah that after nigga Hogan shout party man I ain't going, when I started rapping when I thought I turned into Jeezy I said yeah I'm drunk dog.


When Swift was on stage hosting and he was blinking like he didn't know what he was. I said my nigga blacked out. He was going crazy though man shout out to switch. I loved all my niggas that was at the bar telling the hoes get what you want and get what you want. Like and open bar. I seen a nigga line up. I go, I seen a nigga line up 16 shots talking hand it out to people nigga it's a open bar. I love my niggas. I aint not like a downtown nigga boy. He ain't like what you need. One nigga told asked me what I need, what you need nigga? How about to walk back there? What the fuck you talking Being a middleman at the bar is crazy. It did not leave a tip though. Nah it did not leave those tip. It got so bad. I just put 200 in there. I said it's for the night.


Niggas ain't going to because you know don't nobody know like that. You, you know, you know what I mean? Nobody's thinking like that. So the girls just like oh thank when I seen the girls telling my niggas thank you. I said oh this is lit. This about to be a good night now shout out to whoever got the lies off because they had a great night. Ain't sure she thought he cashed out. Niggas didn't though it was an open bar. It was like we don't gotta pay. I seen a nigga, my cousin died that night. Haven't life. Oh my mama nigga he was done. He had 21 shots bro. That's crazy bro. God damn the tease bro. Trying a lot going on, a lot of moving around in that bucket. You go Mel? Yeah you you drinking in there.


We ain't gonna say what? Yeah nah we ain't gonna do that. Yeah, yeah. Shout, shout to the finesse. I gotta ask y'all we had to do a five 20 shoot 'cause they doing like you know end of the year wrap up. So I was a complex kind and they had ae is the short of the year and I was thinking for us what would be the short of the year for five 20. The best shoe that we would, I mean I'm gonna say what's the shoe that we all, because We don we had a couple team shoes for sure. Jordan four, the Reimagine fours Red Force. We sl it down. We always wore with those sweatsuit. Yeah I ain't, I always wore the you wore the leather sweater was wearing, you was wearing the real ones too. Yeah, I mean the brand, they're the real ones. I don't count em no more but they the real ones the real imagine we, we slu them out For sure.


Yeah motherfucker told me damn them motherfuckers always bought the dough. I almost cussed him out but I was gonna be nice that day. I said bitch you got it. The P six thousands for show had definitely been a light runner for the show for sure. Yeah I I I had to set the tone with Jim. Yeah motherfucker was definitely in the 6,000 for show. My partner n was the best thing that ever happened to me for sure. We gotta put the KY res in there just off the strength of you and the Jason te episode bro. They antics they definitely and the pop we randomly pulled up to when they showed love. That was crazy. Yeah, that was crazy. You know y'all had shoe gate, y'all started the first, the first beef on the show about shoes. What you and Mike about who came home with the Res?


Yeah. Oh yeah. I gave Mike shows to Little Bobby I think with them black them black forces with the white laces became known I think. Yeah the argument I there, I gotta put them at the number one scene. Man you, you, you started something. Those like gotta, I gotta show my respect to my doubt. Even when I wasn't here. You said the gangsters walked through here and was, they wanted a pair man. Yeah so you know I think you solidified whatever that did you was trying to solidify with them. I really wasn't bro. I'm saying whatever you was going for, I think people caught on was fucking with it. I'm just riding away now. It just crazy. Like I be telling motherfuckers, people hated this shit at first. Hated this shit. Definitely he would put extra sauce on him. Ah still was. This motherfucker got the mild sauce from Chicago for me though.


It was crazy. Now that's the thing bro. Now we making a little buddy off this shit. That's crazy man. Shout out to a Alexis. They sold out yet they sold out new batch on the way though. It'll be here in a couple months. Turn up he x.com. Speaking of, you know what I'm saying? Wrap up. Say that start again because they didn't block stop bro. You got an ID verification to get on his site. Nah don't everybody, everybody's is welcome. Don't push money on my brand bro. Any if you trying to look for a real site. No you nah bro. LOR n.com Not you. X videos too. LORN. Yeah do not use a home browser for that. You will carry virus. You want to tap in with the Roman age restriction. Tap in with crazy though Papa lift him up beat door.


Restrict already now. Oh yeah.


Shout out to Roman. That's what I'm saying. Shout out to Roman. There we go. Tap in. You can lift her up. No, no Ad they pay, they pay for this situation. Shout out Toro Roman. No not him. So we no we're not talking about drug abusers. This on. He did get, he did, he did get in trouble for something before but he wasn't drugs. We had a nigga named Rain him on 40th street that did dope. So I didn't know anyway. Roman, y'all see Denzel Washington. Oh. Oh I'm glad we here shout to Roman though. You know get her together with that Roman.


You know what's crazy, Kat Williams said 2 20, 24 people was gonna start revealing theyself. I never would've thought he would've told us he did crack. He said I just didn't get strung out. No he didn't say that. That means he lowkey a goat. No, I many people thought they was gonna hit crack once and never get Yeah, played a lot. He had to be a lot of different people in a lot of different He said I shot, I shot up dope. I mean he did heroin. Yeah. Damn. And he said I just didn't You strung help? Yeah. What the fuck, when did you do heroin? Like was he famous when he was doing heroin? Had to be bro. That's funny. And what type of linkup is that? A nigga heres on Lie y'all. I got that dog slide nigga. What? But that's Denzel. I think y'all forgetting who y'all talking about bro. I can, I can get any drug I want. Yeah.


Yeah. So why did you go to heroin? Nah bro, because that's what I wanted to try. That's what I know. Columbus one line Columbus we apologized. He said I ain't know I you apologized. I told you did he said Denzel. Denzel like he said what he said about Diddy. No you can't have me Diddy. Nah, he said Diddy asked to give you some nectar ring but man I ain't here that before Denzel. Well it's on your show in your house. He said it. Oh he said Denzel and Lenny Kravitz. Y'all used to tell me to stop be here. Stop. That's a real thing. He come out and told y'all Denzel came out and said he kissed the motherfucker in the mouth and he said it like they was out of pocket. Now my problem with that is he, it's crazy 'cause Gladiator two about to come out.


He's been like the only person promoting this movie now. Him saying yeah you know I kissed the man they didn't keep it though but hey we didn't need to know that shit bro. In the Gladiator movie. Yeah he said that they did it for like while they were filming. That's why I but it didn't make the movie told you that's why I don't be watching that dumb ass shit. They making all them characters bro. Like that. They trying to turn that into a thing. They fucking up y'all childhood. I mean the Roman Empire bro was on some weird shit. Yeah it is written now. Hate what the characters he's playing. Yeah that that European, that was some weird shit. I'm not disagreeing with that but the fact that you told us that and it's not in the movie. I was like we didn't need to know that shit. Yeah that was Dr. Like I didn't even know you did crack or heroin, whatever you did. I didn't even know that. He just listen, he's trying to be Diddy that's this just the beginning of it before Diddy get to saying too much 'cause Diddy's about to start singing like motherfucking Mariah Carey.


Denzel was like, hey y'all lemme tell y'all what I did, what I've been a part of because the smut is on the way bro. And he said he his, his last couple films, he pretty much just said like after these he's riding off into the sunset so he might be on his Quincy Jones shit R IP Russell. I hope he not on his Russell Simmons but he might be on my, my last ride. I'm wilding out. I'm telling all my secrets. I think that's, I think that's why he snitching bro. Man that was just some information we didn't need to know. Man, shut up. I seen motherfucker said Diddy out there got niggas wrestling to make up his bed in jail. Y'all see that? They said Diddy got niggas boxing to make up his bed. Man Diddy outta pocket. He, he paying 10 beds a above said niggas making up his bed bro.


Wild boy he tapping in bro. But you see they was, they was all surprised. They was just like he using all inm a cell times and stuff and calls to call, you know what I'm saying? To take care of his case And I'm like what did y'all expect he's rich in jail. I'm going to try to do anything I can do to get outta jail. Oh god nigga i's over for. I'm putting a million in the jail nigga. Oh that jail I'll put money on nigga's head in jail. Hey nigga ever say something to me nigga I got 10 band skinny together. Fuck it's over. He about to do life it's over with. Yeah, I was gonna say he might as well get niggas together. You ready? Yeah. Tap in with everybody else is doing life nigga get your conglomerate going. Dang shout to the homie behind bars man. He get two, he might get 10. Well we don't know what information he's going to provide 'cause I can imagine once he start telling on niggas he gonna do five he might skate.


He might, he going tell some shit. He going boy he might have some information that'll fuck everything up. So he really might skate. I wouldn't be surprised. Yeah being a real nigga is overrated. So that's a fact. Come home, fuck come home. Listen I tell y now y'all think I I'll tell story boy wait till the story I tell you motherfucker I get caught. Well get it. They said Jeff your face is 20 to life. Whew. You gonna be in that interrogation room man we bring the McDonald's in. Don't tell right away what bring the McDonald's in. Hey when niggas be t for be crazy could you see the meals?


They was like damn bro that's what you sold those stuff for. You got a kids meal my nigga you ain't even get a a you bring that shake. Bring me a shake and a double fry before you open your mouth though bro. Let them you know do they job first. Don't just come out the gate snitching like that. I ain't got time to waste. You do bro. Trying hold tonight soon bro. I'm not getting processed. That's what a lot of people get. Like go wrong though when you talk too fast. Like just let them do their job bro. Yeah they gonna do your job. I know what the fuck going on. If I, if you pull me in office, you gotta prove that you're guilty though bro. You can't just get in there and get to telling bro that's crazy. Hell yeah if I'm Diddy, the tape has already been played. Y'all got the Cassie. It not, it's not looking good for me.


In public opinion it is over with. Yeah bro. I know but I wanna get back home to my kids bro. So I gotta tell. I don't know if you telling niggas. See this is the problem with niggas that snitch. You don't always get the good end of the stick though bro. Pause like a lot of times niggas still, you tell on your whole family your whole hood 15 to 20 years nigga. Oh yeah. Goofy. If you tell me still gotta go to jail you bro. So, but that's what he'd be saying. You rude. People are messing around, they don't even know nothing. They got you in their room sweating. You ready to tell. He is like damn you the got everybody locked up for no reason. You still gotta do 20 snitch do a job. Why snitching you do 20 I if I gotta do 20 anyway I'm just gonna shut up and do my time.


It's be cool if they go cut my shit from 20 to probation. Whew. That's a hell of a blessing boy. Fuck be here. Fuck DJ Mike y'all done? I call I'll text y niggas. Hey I'm gonna put some of y'all books though. And when y'all get home, I swear to God Podcast gonna be lit. It is good bro. I I'll go to jail, come out nigga I'm coming out like Booy and Thug on me. Hey speaking of Booy, you see the Tel got my dog. I'ma be right. You like what's up bro? You good? I gonna get out We. Don't fuck with that then I I gonna write you a i that was play right. I still got that money you was looking for. We never get good.


That's crazy. Oh man. But your your man's man listen sent tell your favorite people that got Booy man as they should bro. Six is fucking up. They said Jeremy McCain is in there on there. He said get about the locker room. Booy talking too much bro. Booy hate Booy is hilarious bro. I ain't gonna say Booy funny as hell. Yeah Booy hates a particular demographic of people and anytime he gets a chance he lets everybody know about that. But the Jeremy McCain shit is so funny bro 'cause the six doing so bad and he just hooping like fuck it, let get this content off. It's my favorite shit ever. Man. His his TikTok is blowing the fuck up bro. That's it already been up like the way Yeah he used to but that's crazy about his, I ain't gonna say the rebrand 'cause I've been following him for a while.


He used to, he was like one of the first hoops to vlog for real on YouTube like every day type shit bro. He acted nothing like this bro. Nothing like fuck it, I'm I'm an DB on the ho like now it is just, nah bro, you see the VS bro. Yeah, it is different. The hos probably still there though, but he just, he a different person than what he was at the beginning of the YouTube. So I see why people feel that way. I'm rich light skinned, I paint my nails.


That's what the ember's NBA cup is here and you can win big. Getting in on action at Draft King Sports book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance in a single elimination in season. Turning culminating the NBA Cup championship in Vegas. Score big with the drafting sports book. Every point counts. New customers download the drafting sports book app and use promo code Club five 20. That's right. Club five 20 CLUB five two oh and bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. All the on DraftKings the Crown is yours


Professional spend nearly half the work week on written communication. So focus is important with Grammarly as your AI writing partner focus and quickly get through work with relevant real-time suggestions and it works across 500,000 apps and websites so you can sound more confident and persuasive wherever you write. 93% of professionals report that Grammarly helps them get more work done. Download Grammarly for free at grammarly.com/podcast. That's grammarly.com/podcast.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of our daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms Who Puck a production of iHeart women's sports and deep blue sports and Entertainment on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Shout to Jerry K man listen for the city 20th anniversary of Madison and the Palace was a couple days ago. I wanted to ask y'all, y'all remember the, where y'all was, y'all first found out about that YMCA college tour? Mm, Alabama a m Me and my niggas was in the hotel room watching that shit. 2004 I think. 2005 I believe. Yeah. Is it four or five? Yep. Oh four or five season that shit where I was at, shit I was probably selling weed. No, I'm just playing. Alright Woody. Nah, where I was at, I probably was in practice. What was seven o'clock game? Eight o'clock was the end practice. I was probably at home. I didn't like the Pacers at that time so I wasn't even watching them. I wasn't a Pace fan.


This was like at 10 o'clock. I wasn't an NBA fan at that time. Younger. You already said that you was like you wasn't Yeah, I watching none of that. 2004. Hell nah man. I remember being at my homie house and we was, we was watching the DVD and homie, we called homie, we mess with Kyle. He always lying about some shit. He was like, hey they fighting at the pace. I'm like nigga shut up. Hung up. And then a couple minutes later I was like, lemme see if this nigga ain't bullshitting because why would you make that up looking? I was like damn, this is crazy. Like we was really whooping ass. That's still as a Pacers fan, that's the best team I feel like we ever had and that's still one of my favorite moments. I don't care if it's bad bro. We, we beat up fans, we ain't gonna get a championship. That's I'll take. That's the, that's the only moment y'all gonna have ever to be that close to winning championship. Yeah, I mean that's, it went to the finals.


We were surprised before that. But that was, that's gonna always be our what if team for sure. Yeah because I feel like we could've won a championship. I just like that that when that shit happened they just like, nah we got a straight corporate, we won corporate. Oh they had all white boys the next year. Yeah bro we, we had white people. We they still do but we ain't really went back to that. Look at all the successful teams that the Pacers had since then. Ain't under been, they had tg The only nigga y the only nigga I ever drafted was since then is Lance Stevenson. Yeah. Realistically as a nigga. Yeah, for real. One of the few, literally the only black person for real that y'all draft. I George you black niggas? Yeah, Danny Granger, you're black. I understand. Shout. Shout to you guys. Oh shout to Danny Granger.


I know how y'all get right here. We get draft to the patient too, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. See which y'all different y'all Vogue niggas. What you mean what's a vo? What's a Vogue nigga Danny Granger elaborate on. Hey Danny Granger had a run in the city. I got show respect. He had a run in the city. He did. I no disrespect. Which you mean He was taking him down. I mean you know what I'm saying. He was active. That's all I'm saying. Respect Danny Granger. He had the white line a sniper. He had the white lineage though. It is different bro. Tyrese Haliburton y'all see he asking Vegas. So he's the Danny Granger Granger type of guy. He is bro. Lance is more of Stevens. He would've fit on that team. Steven Jackson, Ron Artes, Jermaine O'Neal, Jamal Tinsley. What you saying?


Crash outs Miles turn Shout to Miles. But nah, definitely Vogue. He is Vogue. Yeah. Lance wouldn't play with Legos. Yeah and I love Miles but I'm saying you just a different, you know people are different. Yeah C Black it's kind of, it's a difference. It's a different, it was de I mean but even with Lan being here, they never had him on like house arrest type shit with Larry Bird. He had him on the watching Key bro. Yeah, at first but then they kinda let him loose. They had to after a while but that's crazy. I don't even think you had a dog like Lan since then. Either him and David West was the end of that. Your whole era is just soft. Oh yeah, Ben is a dog for sure. Yeah, I, I definitely agree. Ben's a dog for sure. Ben. Who Math he, he ain't outside like that to that extent. But as far on the court, yeah he a dog but off the court.


Nah, he chilling. I'm talking about like he not no leader though. I mean glance and wouldn't say Lance is a leader. He was no disrespect but I, nah, he got shit going though. He was your energy guy. Yeah, I mean so m just hoop like a dog. Like he ain't really like pushing that energy out nigga. Lance got y'all going. I mean I, I think the hard part to say that about Ben is because he really the only person on the team that's on that man. He'll go do that shit by himself. That's why I respect him more. 'cause Lance had a couple people who will, who will fuck with him in that situation. Ben be out there dolo on that type of shit and he's still on that so I gotta respect it. Y'all might have a solve team in the NBA ka. Cool. All said Nah, that's a couple more teams I got JJ on the squad ain't soft though. Nah, JJ don't play.


Nah that's it. He he held it down bro. We got the bro we got the best security guard in NBA bro. Niggas that play. Y'all had a soft team in the NBA. Damn. That's crazy. Shout out to the Rs man. We gonna be all gimme the raptors. You said them me the Raptors? Yeah. Gimme the raptors. That's crazy man. Shout to y'all though. Good will soon hold Indiana. Niggas don't even know who they starting five is no more. Oh I know who I starting five is. I don't know who's on the pelican starting five. Boy they paying, they like them grizzlies last year. They paying everybody. They probably paying about 20 salaries this year. Which is crazy. That's how the NBA go. Y'all are gonna say shit when niggas is hurt. You gotta, somebody gotta play. But we gotta, everybody getting hurt right now, which is crazy. I swear I can't wait to come back.


Somebody hit me on the text today, asked if you ready for a 10 day for the pace. How you what I'm kept bro. I couldn't even get myself ready to play bro. I like doing this too much. You gotta be in a different type of shape and you in shape. But I think that's just different bro. Trying to play in the league back to backs. To backs to backs. Like they Yeah. I can't play no defense right now. I can play offense. Defense. I can't. That's a, it's a wrap. Running up and down the court like that is crazy. Especially you play boy chasing some of them now he gotta guard the year fox. He, he ended my career when I was playing. Do what I did. Took four years off. Boy that shit will be filthy. Serious girl. Can't wait to put you on the island. I'm my mama. I guard DG oh three for 21. DJ got the confidence.


Yeah I'm back. I nah, he hit me with a heads I be through. Yeah it is over bro. Tyrese, Halliburton. It's over. I guard him. Oh I guard him. TAs bro. I guard him last year. I guard him. Oh, all the pro him? Yeah, I guard him. I'm cool. I I think he nice player but I, I'm cool. I can guard him. I'm cool. I ain't gonna instigate this. I'm cool. I guard him, keep, I guard him. Instigate. I guard got him last year. I was cool. Say C watch the show. That's all I'm gonna say. I I respect it. I got him last year. I was, I was more than cool. Oh DI was more than cool Luis. I was more, I was more than cool for real. Get the pro top. I was more than cool was it was like that.


I was more than cool. I I ain't gonna lie as much as me and this nigga go back and forth, he showed niggas it was different. Yeah. I was more than cool. I can't say that I, I was a vouch out there. He was busting them niggas ass bro. I was more than cool. I ain't gonna say that on some real shit. And niggas was playing because it and on me and pick ball. It ain't picking Robs mm you gotta and I ain't saying he can't do that but like that's a D type. He played a lot off picking Rose and lives and what make him good as he a good team player but one-on-one kind shit. I pop your shit. Nah saying that's how I play. I grew up playing, watching and won and shit.


I'm familiar so 1 0 1 is just like I can just play. Yeah I got pass the ball. See that's where I got messed up when I got to the league they started saying you need to pass the ball and they start confusing the nigga head a little bit. You need to be a point guard. So he was already that. That's him. I came from getting 20 points a game in college. Like that was me. While we on the topic I want to ask, they've been going back and forth 'cause you know Tyres has struggle so far this year about who won that trade between them and the Patriots and the Kings still, I still think it's damn even for both even trade so far. But you know it fluctuates with the two but I still think it was a hell of a trade for both teams for sure. Yes. Listen, I'm not hating on Tyrese. Tyree Hallberg is a great NBA player. Well he is a max player.


He deserve to be a max player. We talking about pickup basketball in the summer, you know. Oh yeah. Yeah we you got some highlight guys in the summer. You know Shit JR R Smith was the best player in pickup basketball ever. Facts. And he was still a good NBA player but And Lil Will for sure. Yeah you play pickup against him. Yeah he might give you 70. Yeah it's totally different. NBA in the pickup game is totally different. But I think that Trey is a win-win for everybody for sure. 'cause Sabonis obviously still killing. Yeah and I'm glad 'cause Dre Fox not y'all know I'm a Dre Fox fan but that's he he better than Tyree Hallberg like it wasn't a bad like nah it's a very comp, they're comparable player. They're both really all NBA players.


They're both really good players for sure. Yeah. I mean I always thought Dion Fox was better. I thought he had, I remember people was like Tyrese better than Dion Fox. I'm like, I think Dion got a different gear. Like just he can do, he can take over games differently than Tyrese. Halliburton can. Like I feel really comfortable with Dion Fox with the ball in his hands. He's more athletic and he could score the ball better. Well I was gonna say and one of the best things about Dre Foxy is he's a closer, he's a closer I gonna say in the fourth quarter. And we saw him once he got to the playoffs even though they wasn't the best result they wanted, he can take you home. Yeah, he's a closer now in the same since I would say with Tyree as well. I've seen him win playoffs series as well and close out games. But just the way they do it's totally different. Like you said Tyrese gets the, everybody involved being foxing the game can go Iso I fuck with Tyrese though 'cause he, he at least he want that moment.


He ain't scared. Yeah he ain't scared him and he ain't scared the fuck up. Which I appreciate too because like you said the confidence in the moments really be the ones that you care most about. Oh yeah. Another that already another round. Like Chris Brown, he treat that motherfucker on me. Gimme one room. Hold on bro. Paul. Yo. What's crazy? Thank you. That's a lady bro. You was on that straw. That's I'm about to drink. Half of it got on my, on my sweatsuit so I was trying to wait, I know what I saying, maneuver a little bit differently. Really. Shit. That's the second time he didn't spill something on this outfit. Hey you really mad Last time it was y'all.


This time she did it right this job. I see what you did there Barbie though. How you walked in the camera? Right. Okay. Yeah. Know what I'm shitty about. I just know that my shoe was really broke. I looked at him. I said who dude? I said what the fuck, I gotta get some more fourteens. Two Richt give a fuck. I got another 14 big old on Michigan roll hold that side with he wore them all damn Chick-fil-A man. He got the new 14, he got the black coat for for sure. I gave him knees bro. He dev niggas would be mad as fuck like they got the fourteens on. He did bro. I got the new ones get on my face bro. Probably got, they probably got one.


See I got the black coat nigga watch out. Yeah. What else happened in the world today? Man? Hey man y'all see Alabama linebacker? He, he's transferring. His name is, I gotta get his name right. Hold on man. Cock no what? Like catch or something like that? Keanu cot. Oh Co cock is crazy. I thought it was so weird like that. He's leaving the team and everybody was wondering why he leaving the team cock. Wow. He dmd the coach's daughter and sent her the thrust and said I'm something my nigga he had to, he hit, he hit on the coach's daughter and sent her, what's happening in the mail is like what's up with it? Whoa. And basically told him, dang I dang you crack your wife too. They was just like, he gotta go niggas out of pocket Slam. Oh he told Slam the coach.


I but he d he said yeah he was talking to the team like damn wife, coach wife. Damn. All right. But then he sent the, the DM to the daughter so coach was like bro you never gotta go type shit. The daughter told on Yes daughter, we he fed. She might have went but can't be sending your slammer though bro. Yeah, un unsolicited is crazy but oh he is a, he is a crazy but try to crack your coach grip. I was saying, saying was they like DMing back and forth or he just, this is more or less a little one sided. But that's what the story showing. They just sent it through the mail like Yeah, what's happening? Don't send a slammer through the mill bro. Yeah, but unsolicited pys out of pocket. That's nasty work they outta pocket. But even if they are unsolicited bro I don't, don't do it bro. Don't but trying to hit your coach's daughter. It's crazy. No, I always try to hit her.


You out of pocket. I was not bro. I ain't gonna lie. I, this is not my cousin bro. I, I, I talked to one of my coach's daughter before. I didn't know that was his daughter. See? Until he pulled me into the coach's office. Oh my mama. This is a true ass story. Yeah I'm not gonna say her name 'cause she's a really nice person. Nah, we ain't doing that. It's just a story. But they, she, he pulled me in off and was like, son, I wouldn't mind you they my daughter, I heard y'all guys be communicating. I was like, who? You know. I'm like who? He said her name And I was like huh. It's my daughter nigga. My heart dropped to the floor. Whoa bro. Did you already cram her? Nah, we was just started talking. I had, we just had started communicating. Oh you what you mean? Nigga getting too nervous too quick for me bro.


Oh that's your coach bro. My ain't though. He ain't already cracked her so it was cool. You could have been like oh dang I didn't know that was your daughter bro. Kept scream nigga bro, imagine a nigga pulling you in the classroom. You don't know what you think he about to talk to you 'cause you, you know you young or whatever. You don't know a nigga from you don't know what he about to talk to you about. Hey let's sit down. I sit down. He was like, yeah I heard you and my daughter been talking. What the fuck? Who your daughter by you? I was my, my d my text game was everywhere. Which one you talking about? Like wow that's wild. Shout to your story. K. Yeah. Yeah. Shout to Brady Navy so bad. You used a ho for nothing up like that. I got scared. I ain't gonna lie. That's cool. But that's so crazy though.


'cause why you think that's crazy though? DJ the crack your your coach's daughter Because in this situation bro we not family. I mean the go after your coaches' daughter. I'm saying when you see her is crazy. Yeah. Fuck the act. I'm saying I didn't know that was his daughter. Your future in this situation bro. That's your coach and your football different than basketball. So if I don't really like you like that you ain't producing to where I want to And that bro you playing with your future bro because now you got you off the team for other reasons all included. But now you off this team now bro. You trying to go to the nfl. He funny as I'm gonna tell. I'm gonna tell y'all some real shit bro. What's real bro? Niggas don't love they daughters like that. Like I think Bro I'm gonna keep it real. Y'all like so y'all niggas been to college? I ain't, I get it bro.


I'm nothing bro. They love they daughters bro. They do but not to work. You love Your Daughters bro. I love my babies bro. But not to where I'm about to kick one of the top players off my fucking team. My daughter is probably letting the nigga in pickleball take her up through the Rafters. So if my starting linebacker Is motherfuck Right Lewis and her bro, I'm not fucking up his NFL career bro because I'm fucking with my job bro. And that's my future career. My future on the line too. 'cause all he gonna do is get online. I was trying to fuck this nigga daughter. All I did was this whole ass nigga kicked me off the team nigga don't come to Alabama University nigga. Now you putting smart on my name now I look like a hole to the world bro.


Yeah and this is why see this is why, that's why I raised my daughters bro. Keep your business, your business. You don't have to share because if I know Jermaine is a piece of shit. Yeah and you tell me Jermaine been texting you. Yeah I know what my kids is doing on my football team. That's what type of coach I'd be. I want to be not all y'all business but I want y'all to be able to come and talk to me about anything. For sure. So if I know Jermaine is a piece of shit with the hoes and my daughter's on the list, bro I'm gonna be tight tight then I might kick you Off. That's what happened. No he like you let Adam k knock knock What's the name? Nah, but what I'm saying is I don't think though, I don't see me personally, I don't think girls just tell they Keanu co KK KK especially she outta pocket shout out to that girl but she outta pocket for telling her daddy.


I talk to Jeff because I ain't even, I haven't even cracked you yet. Yeah on my mama I was, I was thrown off. I she just said we was. I ain't say she said we talked to you like we friends. Oh okay. He was, I wasn't no smart on her. I was just saying like she told Pops like, hey I think Jeff like Yeah it was like I think Because he said I wouldn't mind you Dave my daughter, you a nice young man. I said what the fuck? I went out there and told some of the other people. I was like man that's her. He was like nigga you ain't know that. Oh nah. He like man I was like damn. I'm like she hate though like oh slip the screen bro. They like, She slip the screen is crazy.


Slip the screen Bro. But shit. Oh be that's crazy man. See that nigga sent y'all sliming through the mail before though. Slam her through the mill with it Slip the mill's crazy. Yeah. Y'all ever seen the big pic tool girl? Yeah TJ Filthy For all the things we talk about in this show. That's probably one of them. Brot crazy. Do You set the, I Wanna have a conversation about the male podcast. We now, No we're not here. Broke this shit up.


Yeah y'all crazy. That is crazy. That fuck up is nuts. No Pause though. But before you send a pig on you, you guys dress him up. Fuck nigga this is my Lifted shirt up guy. A queue like what? Y'alls crazy. I sit right up my shit on Soft Nigga Shit on Crazy.


My nigga DJ probably put his face in the camera and everything. Oh you got He like DJ like I gotta take my glasses off of this one. No I ain't being funny like I don't know too many girls who ask for that though. That's why niggas just said though. Well no Not like that. I was gonna say well like people like my girlfriend and Shit nigga like that shit just, just send un list. It's crazy. You're going to jail. My, I ain't never had a girl who told me like yo Cindy is funny. Yeah like even when I was young I love this pod. I think when I was young, young, I think a girl had asked me that like young, like when I was like in high school then but like I don't, I ain't never really had girls when I was adult to say that.


Oh shit because I would've said I would've some shit different type of moves. You Never know what niggas, oh shit y'all fry man. Nigga sitting in the thrust and hopping on the game. Fuck it. That's crazy. Hopping on 2K afterwards. Nigga shake up. Hey I don't wanna be that close to nobody at my shake Up. Shake up my Hey man Y'all niggas, I'm lying. We haven't even been to Miami. I lying.


This is just for content guys. I'm joking. Shout to Miami man. That little sugar on the pause on the rim. That nigga got my hands filthy. It's crazy. Why? Why you laughing that hard? DJ sent this shit through the mail. Okay. He grown Me too. Did it last week. DJ his own phone. He with that motherfucker. I because that's crazy. That's funny. After the Tyson Paul shit y'all see Dwight call out Shaq for the fight. Fight Is is Shaq Dunking Smoke?


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York And I'm Man Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison packer stand. Anya and I Met through hockey and now we're married and mom to two awesome toddlers And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of our daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom, club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms Who Puck a production of iHeart women's sports and deep blue sports and entertainment on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Check. Yeah Dwight be as, I think that's the general consistent but he was like dude wanna say he is like I only fight top 75 players. Man shit you gotta say when nigga gonna beat your ass. He beat his ass. Yeah Shaq gonna talk shit better than Dwight. Shaq got bad knee, bad hip or something he can't fuck with Dwight Dwight's still hooping and shit. argenx like 55 bro. Shaq Hoop. That's what I was say. I was like man it's kind of fucked up but it is kind of fair 'cause as much shit is DQ talking about Dwight bro beat his ass though. That's I know Dwight probably like I'm about to. Whoa you didn't embarrass me like that. What? I'm about to beat the shit out. You dancing with the stars bro. He gonna get out there and beat the sleeves off Shaq. He gonna get Shaq together. That's crazy man. Dwight's still in Tip top. I think Shaq's still in shape too but not like Dwight.


Not like Dwight. Nah. Shaq got bad knees bro. Dwight White still hoop flipping niggas over and shit. I don't know if Shaq is still in great shape bro. You know he's flipping niggas over. I meant like, like that. Not no or off the court bro. I'm talking about you know off. I'm talking about that purple phantom. I said that nigga had us, he showed damn motherfucker said slip and slide. I said Dwight Slip and slide 12. I said what freaky ass police? Yeah I ain't talking about like that. I'm talking about Dwight still strong man. He probably could. I remember people talking about going to be a wrestler and shit.


Oh but they won't let him in WWE now. Wow. He fit the description. Aw that's crazy. He do bro. Quit disrespecting my nigga. Shout out to my boy Phi two. Some of the people from the bloodline, they been following the page. Man I fuck with y'all man. For sure be here. We gotta get you on there bro. They said they won't smoke man. You said it's Ka they want you to pull up? Yeah. What's bro name? Jamie. I need my tickets to Royal Rumble too. Stop playing with me bro. Go ahead bro. I shout out to Ray Rob. Shit we got a different Ro you to go nigga. Nigga my don't involve a bunch of men bumping chest with holes. All this shit nigga Long ponytail also like he like it with the Russell Steel for sure.


Nah, his uncle breed him early with that. Yeah. Fuck that's a part of his, you know I mean part of Malcolm's journey. Malcolm wanted to be Little Ray Mysterio behave a little mass. That's crazy man. Don't put no foot on mouth like that. I think mouse throwing up West side when he was three I. Oh I believe it. Get the footage Luis. Oh I'll leave that for sure. That's some crazy footage. I want to go through some of the bleach report did a ranking of some of the high-end free agents that switch teams this year. I wanna go through and see how y'all feel about this for Clay Thompson that gave him a C minus for a grade. How y'all feel about that? Too low. That's about right. I'm say C see is about fair. You gonna say he's had some good games and we had some a couple games like where is he at?


But for sure next up PG got a B minus. I don't understand that. I mean he is not playing terrible. I mean for the role that he was supposed to play, he actually fulfilling that role. Yeah we talked about that in the morning. But like you said, everybody suspecting him to do more but granted he did is getting the numbers that he signed up to get. Even though he's on the max deal. What is PJ's PG supposed to be averaging ti realistically though right now for real 18 to 20. Okay. I would say if you on a max deal I need 20. Just to be fair, I know you got other players in your team, it gotta get the ball at full strength. He should probably be in that 20 range but if niggas is not there, Tyrese, Maxey ain't there and B in and out I'm gonna need a little bit more. I was just saying if they was there though Yeah was 18 to 20.


Yeah if they, if everybody's in full sail. Yeah him having 20 is perfect for that team for sure. Solid car. Anthony Towns has got a a. Yeah he's been killed. Captain Kill he been killing. That's the martyr. Rosen got an a yo. I'm not against that killer. You know what's crazy, we was all wondering how that was gonna work out so far it's been great for them and they ain't had Malik Monk like half of the year too so he is the regardless. Oh yeah. You know him and Andrew Wiggins bro. They gonna get 20 regardless of happened on the basketball court bro. Yeah, ML Bridges got a D plus. Yeah, I I'm not really rolling. I think they should have kept even chance to but whatever. You know, it's funny, they they was on our ass about that situation Paul.


They was like, you know, we talk about how much he was missed in New York. They was like, but his stats so far in Minnesota. Oh he's been, he's been off Ain't been the best either. He is been fucking terrible in Minnesota. Yeah that was like, so was was Tib right about making that decision like after emotional t other like so far it is looking like Tib was right? Yeah, I mean he played good with Tib. Yeah, that's why I don't, Devin Zu played better with the Knicks. Mikel Bridges played better with the son. Like I don't, it's always funny 'cause when people try to pick aside in him situations, they like to blame people. They was just like, you know, at first it was like, well he was killing, it was like, ah, Tibs fucked up. But now it was like, ah, maybe Tibs was right and I'm like maybe just situations matter more than Yeah, it is just situ relationships bro. He going to a team where the wings got the ball.


He a wing player like he playing after ae, you know like Yeah, I agree bro. He was a complimentary player to a point guard that was a go-to point. I mean go-to player So he got a chance to get shots and shit. Now he a playing behind a person who's a wing. Same position Tim. Yeah. Yeah. I gonna say even with his situation, what if he's sacrificing the fit for the scene? Yeah. He ain't playing it best but like you get he's learning a new team too. Like it is only been 13 games. Yeah, Julius random, the guy activated, he looking comfortable with the situation. Maybe he had to take a bad seat for that but yeah granted it is earlier in the season. We can over react if we want to but it is always has been asked. Shout to my wing tell though. Yeah, he's definitely not been the best so far. But I mean the temple was figuring it out. It is early in the season as well so it don't matter too much.


He get better. I know you a cold fan like I am. Have you seen the documentary, the Auto series Audio series? Nah, I was watching Sean documentary last night Fire. Shout out to my dog Justin Ley. They went crazy for that. The Sean documentary. Is he? Yeah I was watching the Sean documentary. What you think about that? It was interesting bro. Did he really fucked his life up? I mean he shot a gun too though. But yeah, I mean he ain't have to do what he did. He ain't have to have caught a other witness up to like they coulda all pleaded for like self-defense but he kind of railroaded him where it was all put on him but he shot a gun so yeah, I mean his involvement in this too. He gotta take, take that but also to hear how he talked about Diddy and his whole situation, he was just like, bro I did all this to save your image bro and look how you did me type shit.


Yeah but I a nigga like me, I'm, I ain't gonna lie, I, I wouldn't snitch on nobody 'cause I ain't gonna do no crimes or nothing. I ain't, that ain't my life but I would, if I did a crime or I'd got in trouble or whatever, I ain't going to take nobody else down with me. Fuck it. I'm gonna just do my time. I think Diddy that was weak to put it all on him but somebody gonna take the fall. But also if somebody did me like that, I'm never talking to him again. Nah, like I don't need like I'm a real nigga if you wanna gimme 10 like yo I know I fucked you over. Here we go 20 million I'm gonna take it and I'm still not gonna talk to you. I'm not gonna like yo come holler at me and let's build a relationship. Then he only gave him 50 k. That's what he said. He was just like I woulda took that 50 k and still not talk to the nigga. I'm like yeah he still a bitch. I would say all type of shit like gimme that money.


Yeah he still a hoe like I would say all type of crazy shit. Yeah when he had it up he was like 10 years of my life and 50 k bro. That's crazy. Yeah I need a meal a year like bro because I'm the reason why you still be out, out thriving bro. Yeah I could have switched, I could have ratted on you or I could have switched. Took a played, he gave Cassey a lot of money. Did he have some more money to pass out? Ah bro. Especially when he got out bro. He had what Plenty enough money to take care of bro. The situation. Damn shouts to shine man. But the code documentary is fired audio series. They're releasing it like chapter by chapter like mix tape by mix tape and now all his stuff is coming to D SSPs. Like we gonna have Friday night lights on Apple Music and other DSPs probably by the end of the month or week or whatever. But it's fire to see like artists we grew up on like to see where they minday was during that time period.


You can't do it with too many other rappers that we listen to. 'cause they had a different approach that might be snitching on themselves but for Cole was fired and he definitely needed it right now. 'cause his perception's a little off right now. Y'all think it's over for him or something? Nah, Cole's cool. But everybody look at him a little bit different after that whole bowing out situation. Not everybody like diminishes his skill but his, his image ain't the best as it was before that. I think niggas realized that Cole was, I think it kind of helped him really to me because people like, ah, Cole seen the play like he knew what was going on. He got out of there. Yeah I just, to me I it is rap so I maybe because I think it is rap, it's a joke. I don't think we can really who give a fuck. Yeah I don't think he really, if he would've got on there and just did some whack ass flows and shit like that his music was trash, then you can judge him for that.


Yeah but he kind of like bro y'all niggas being corny. Yeah because how good he raps. I think when he said like if I would've really got in it we, I would've lost friends. For real. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So and I I believe him with that so I don't judge you for that. I fuck with Cole. I get it though. When you in the heat of the moment like on some rap shit y'all man he's a hoe. Yeah. Why you just see why you even say something, you know what I mean? But overall looking at it, I don't think it fucked up his career or nothing. Nah, he's still gonna sell out tours and shit like that first. Nah, he still j Cole and I think the hard part for like fans like me and people who really fuck with j Cole, it was moments in his career where he really needed our support where he wasn't really giving us the ammunition to push him to number one like we wanted him to be. That was tough for y'all though when he first did that. The fans, y'all, y'all was critical on it because he came off of like his best two years like features and like the album.


He was like, all right, now my nigga finally number one. Then he like, yeah I'm cool. We was like god damn nigga we've been waiting for this moment. You don't even want the moment like we've been waiting for you to kill somebody, you don't wanna do it. He would've got murdered bro. Yeah it would've, it would've got ugly. He can rap but he too much of a nice guy like Kendrick was ready to go on that. He was like shit, I go in the mud like I shit we can talk about whatever like I'm on that. Yeah. Kendrick argenx, he is from the bottom of the bottom. Yeah most definitely. Cole ain't really that type of person to like start talking about niggas families and all that ain't even his And you know what, like you said, it's a piggyback. They ain't even had that energy for each other for the, to even get to that point. So it's just like you can't even, it ain't even worth me getting that situation. So I understood why he made a decision. I'm just still mad that he fucking did it.


Like where was y'all at when y'all first heard like my first introduction to code was Friday Night Lights. Mm. When the first time university was mine I was at Wake Forest and when I first heard that shit, you know being in Carolina that shit hit different, like I played that shit every day. I ain't talked to nobody at that time. Like I ain't even, I just wore my headphones everywhere and that nigga Cole was talking to me, I'm like yo this shit, this shit here different man. My homeboy Jordan Johnson put me on early. He's like J Cole fire jco far all I'll get to it. And then I heard him on Stars Moon verse. I was like oh this nigga Cole Cold. I was already tapped in by then. Then I, I tapped into the warm up.


I was like oh this nigga really cold. And then with Friday night lights dropped bro it was different. It was different. Ever since Shevin and re Cheatham put me on too. See the warmup, I was in Carolina, niggas was already playing that and I heard it but it was just like I like oh he nice. Yeah but I ain't care. Like I was still a little Booy fan. I was napped to the court nigga I was playing Door or Die shit like that in the booth Nigga Rod and all that. I'm playing all type of shit. And then when that Friday night life dropped it was my sophomore year, I'm like yeah nah this nigga, yeah that's what I got. Meet this j Cole nigga.


Like he, he the one and then Cole when Ho put him like on that pedestal like saying he was the next step, it was already over. I wonder what that relationship is like 'cause we don't get too many J Cole or Jay-Z Collabs. I don't even think it's been that many of them. I can't think of anyone besides Mr. Nice watch as a past that like I wonder what that relationship is like if we ever really know what that is. Because I know he leaked. It's probably solid. Yeah, close is probably solid. But I just want it from a music standpoint. 'cause I mean jco, I mean Jay-Z be doing music with a lot of different people. Like he give other people verses we ain't seen Nicole in j Cole collab a long time. This is Dark Times for Jay-Z right now. That nigga said I got a Hue blow. I call Tbo gotta snap that bitch with a G back. But what's crazy is y'all niggas balling halftime.


Y'all sort of like the Gator band. I feel ways bro because he gave Drake better versus than he gave Jake Cole. But that bar was so hard. That song is dang near mid though. It is super weak. Y'all gonna say I don't like that song. That song Extra weak. But that bar was hard because I was like he gave Drake way hard boy but he beats his son and Drake and every song. Yeah, I was gonna say it's, it's different. That's all. He just be just talking shit and be like really I've never heard like a weak Jay-Z verse Nah, the verse he said on that song wasn't weak. That's not weak Song. Song. The song is just like realistically who got the best whole features. I'm gonna go with Jeezy. Nah, beanie Sigel. Mm Beans.


Every time he get on a track with beans they go crazy. That's interesting. Oh I ain't mad at the Jeezy shit I got some. I like Ross got some horrible ones. How about to say Ross? That was my number one. Dall gonna say he, him and Ross got some fire ass songs but him and being but him and beings he on the track together. That shit you can go to Guess who's Back? Yeah, him. Scarface being it's hard ignorant shit. Like Ignorant shit is fire. Like him and beings when they was getting together that shit was just hard. But nothing is like him and Kanye with niggas in Paris. Like no shit's like that. All them songs on that album. The watch, the Throne Watch watch The Throne's a classic album. I don't care what you nigga say. I, I'm I'm saying that Watch the Throne.


That shit that those was, that's a real battle. I remember where I first heard Otis bro like dog Brad Shafer shout about nigga Brad. We was at his cousin Courtney. No that's his girl. It was at his cousin no incest. He saying just be saying shit y no I can't remember his cousin name. But we was at her apartment. This is way before Courtney but we was at our apartment and he played it. He was like, T you heard that Otis? And I'm like who the fuck is Otis? He like, nah Jay-Z and K, he dropping an album. This shit crazy. They about to drop an album. They made a song and he played it and I, he, he played it like, you know Jay, he loved Jay-Z he played it number one fan 600 times in a row.


And I was like, it motherfucker hard Brad. He was like, it's the best shit that ever came out. I'm like Brad all right, it's good. He was like imagine 12 songs of these two niggas. I can't even believe it. I'm like that's real bro. This shit was hard and Kanye was popping his shit. That's the greatest collab album ever bro. Whoa is the greatest collab ever, ever. Whoa. It's Drake and Future. No what a time to be alive. No better than Wash Your Throne. Fuck that. A tough conversation. No, 'cause you gotta, you gotta put yourself in the moment. When what a time came to be alive? The moment where we was at in life it it was what A town to be alive. Oh my God. Who was lit Nigga.


That's how for sure did. What? That's that's what? Yeah. Oh that's crazy. That's one or two but the Jump Man, all that shit it was, it was light. That was light. That was light. Light Paper Life. I Live Song Don't Count. That's thats the Wayne album. The music from the production and the lyrics on Watch the Throne. I could never and Future's the Goat to me but ain't shit like that. Watch the Throne bro. Now that watch Throne Hard bro. How Flies fire being up here too as a like that is when that nigga, when that digital dash come on. I did the digital Dash. I fucked the bitch in the past Different seeing Kanye and Ho in concert.


Nah when they was on them big ass fucking aquarium whatever the fuck they bro. The oldest with the goat belts the oldest video where they, where they chopped the May back and they was outside with the, with the leather snapback bro that was a different time bro. Nah nah they y'all know how y'all know I love Ho Bro. I'm just saying I don't put nobody above Future but I can't. Nah that Time Ho and them that's my favorite Ho and Kanye, that's the album of fire. It's not my favorite Jay-Z album. But it is up there like top four for me. Black album is just Jay-Z Best Shit American Gangster. My favorite Jay-Z album my nigga. And then Black album is too. And then well Black Album and Blueprint they go, I go back and forth with them. Blueprint is the best one. We just go off whatever's off. I just like Reasonable Doubt just because he spoke all of that shit into existence.


Yeah. All that shit got tight later on Down the line. All that shit was talking about. Yeah, reasonable Doubt was hard. Too Reasonable Doubt. My top three for show, for whole albums Mary Gates was my favorite. But I still think the best is Blueprint. The Blueprint got all hits but all slaps, all slaps, all slaps definitely everything's a hit. But what I'm saying is like that moment when I remember when I heard Future and Drake just dropped the album. I never forgot I was in my car and that nigga Keith said play it and we played and that digital Dash came on. I said it's over, we're going to the club, we're going out tonight. Like we're in the club tonight, we're going to the strip club. Nah that was, that was the moment bro. What Man, I remember being at a kickback and the first time I heard Diamonds dancing I said what?


Oh my god what man? When I heard that Strippers man nevermind Speak about the Dark Times Different Tom King. Nah y'all know how I feel about future music. I, I get it but I'm that Watch The Throne bro. No duo ever bro. Fucking with them niggas bro. Yeah you gonna get a lot of people who talk about ru jewels and stuff and I don't know how they commercially success. They had been shout to Killer Mike but that, that is a different situation man. That was supposed to be the changing of the guards for Kanye. He was supposed to be that nigga going forward from that situation. What? What the West the thumb? Yeah that was supposed to be Kanye's running to take over but yeah was that the something he put out the compilation with Two chains, big Shine, a Kelly, all the the good music stuff.


I gotta look and Seed the The Cruel Summer stuff. I think that may have been two years after. Oh My Mama. That album is fire. Oh yeah it is. It's fucking Heat that album. I know y'all put SMU on R as he much very much deserves all of it but that song he got on Motherfucker to World. It's fire. That stadium fucking music bro. You said what it was the next year later? Yeah bro because that's, that's when we got the resurgence of two chains for sure. That's when T Trains really took off. Two chains cracked, big shot. None of this shit can fade in Paris though. Got the gut. I really made it.


That don't hit like niggas in Paris that don't hit like no I ain't never say, I ain't never say hit like that. That shit different. Nah this shit it's monumental bro. Nah that shit different but when you in the club that would've time for Be Alive was definitely way more. How one out when niggas played niggas in Paris in the club? No I mean that was no at at the concert they played it 10 times in a row. Know I think we was in the club. That shit came on that big. I I'm not even saying it's better. I think Watch the Throne is better. I said being outside for that difference would would a town to be alive that moment when the age that we were at when it dropped we were grown bro. And where was you living at to I was in the age sir come on bro. That's Atlanta man. Go get a plastic bag come up on on.


I've seen motherfuckers going to the cl. I was outside. People really had plastic bags and strippers. Ah man my future influence at time at that time especially down Southwest drinking all the design and all the design like I remember all those songs. Yeah they gold Future then Thug will Influence. I got all exotic bitches. You gonna think I'm racist? I ain't a marry Spanish girl. I just got a fla. What? He said I just got a flock of bitches outta immigration. Pete said he got you off that truck. No I did not. I just nigga you walked down alley with Full circle Isis. Hey man let's get out here. Get in trouble. I'm the plug with me. Really? I'm the plug. Really? I'm the plug.


Tell the I made some fruit off the back of one of them motherfuckers. This nigga getting racist now because I start talking about you niggas. My mama, they got the best Spanish people got the best fruit in the world bro. Wait what bar b We gotta tap you in Spanish. People got their own fruit. We gotta pull up on one of them trucks bro. On their on high school road. One of them red Fords. Shout to the west side. Be here. Tell people that grab some merch man. Hell you got us fucked up for real. That website down down. So shop@hex.com baby. Yep. Get a porn. I hope you get a virus on your fucking them weak ass shoe license. Look at it. Shit. Just ass. So all you gotta do when you pull up that red truck, put your bag right there, the real pot back. You just point because they don't say too much nothing. You just, you out of pocket.


All right we gotta get out here before we get man. See culture coming up soon my nigga. Cash get chitlins and all that shit Chi. That culture's great. Get your chitlins gr not gonna talk about my uncle Derek and them stab like get your chitlins and badass fish grits and it'll be a taco truck in the parking lot after Walmart. P The, Volume.