
What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an Athlete's unlimited softball league production and partnership with iHeart Women's Sports and deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women Sports


Tickets are on sale now. Y y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Don Boogie, Thomas rtt Rascal Flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage A war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume. Good morning, happy Tuesdays, five 20 in the Morning. Your favorite sports show? I'm your host. My name is DJ Wells. Joined us morning by my two brothers to my left Bishop Prick. To my right, my brother t fellas. How y'all doing this morning? Damn. Where my nephew injured. Oh. Little tray out for the season. I'm the voice Baby. Good. Well soon man. Baby Heer hero. He get well soon to Trey Mur dog man. He is out for the season. We don't know if that is all injury or if they starting no limit tank but You know, maybe a combination of both. Last but certainly not least PG shut it down for the season. Something that we have all known for the last two months.


But You know he, he's finally going out there saying and shutting it down. Alright man, time to pot again bro. You ain't got nothing else to lose Season been over podcast P back, so That's no more championship. P Oh it it was never championship P season. That's What he said. He the bus baby. Damn Man. Shout the freaky Mike doing his job on the side. Fuck. Freaky mighty. He need a haircut ain't it? He tapping into his lineage today boy. Hell man. What happened to y'all camera? You a mouth Camera it right there. Oh yeah we locked in man. Production team got camera work now. Yeah, five 20 in the Morning going up show Papa had a I see y'all got Zel mo Beatie on the lineup today.


Hey yeah shout him out man. We found some Zebo Beatty footage man. Lo d Drake, Your As down this Clip. Is that which one he was with on the Haws? Yeah, he had more buckets in what? All righty. Bd. Okay. He was black. Oh yeah, Eddie had a, he had BLE With the pork chops. Hold on. He got a Utah jersey. Yeah this wasn't in Atlanta. We couldn't find that footage. This High school A BA right. A BA ball. Okay. Had a little light jog on him. Shout out to Zel Mo shout to CB man. Hey You know what's funny that we found this but we did not find any clips of Will a hundred point game.


I don't believe it bro. Haven't bro, that's he hit 10,000 holes bro. Who? Which one is Zemo? Zemo Utah. Oh alright. Yeah he got a couple books there. They was hooping on him too but I mean listen it was amazing we found this footage. Yeah, But it's a lot of niggas in this clip. It's a light skinned nigga hooping then a dark skinned nigga hoop. Well Zemo ISS the first one on there so for sure at last certain not least man we found a mix tape but then age they said it might be worse than fatigues All handcuffs. Yeah B four minutes of Denny getting Wasn't scared of the nothing though. Nah, he was squabbling this whole clip bro. It's hilarious. We need this NBA bail big tree. Come on tree.


He about the shit out the age. That's crazy. No wonder why he don't give a fuck who he tried Nigga. He beed him in the head. Yeah, I might pop a half a hat around like That's dinner like hit me with a bottle of my head in the club. He Snuff, he snuffed a shot then yet dropped he dazed. He played with Hake. Nah he threw so, Oh. And You know he is a baseball player. That shit probably hurt Does that Mario? Ellie this is my guy.


Hey man. Denny Ames was all violence but I, we had that clip 'cause last night people in the NBA was on all bullshit. Man, let's get straight to it yesterday. Oh man. Nugget secure the Warriors yesterday one 14 to 1 0 5 even though yo can Murray shout out yesterday ag went crazy yesterday. Aaron Gordon had 38 yesterday. Russell Westbrook Ventures performance yesterday. Trippy Dub 12, 16 and 12 And PJ went crazy with 21 and 10 as well. Steph showed up with 20 and Jimmy had 23 and eight. Man did y'all catch any of that game last night? Yeah, just a little bit man. But that was a good one though. Most definitely man we talk about the nuggets getting back to championship shape in the playoffs, You know what I'm saying? To beat this hot warrior scene the way they did without that best two players.


That's tough for sure man. Russ another crazy triple dub light one for him but he get one everywhere he go man. Man two of them boys. Who a victory like that without your guns. That's hard Now Eric Gordon getting dimmer 40 last night. Yeah that's that was the a Yeah but that's what make them scary though. They two best players is that you be the quality team like that and they didn't play bad. Jimmy was doing his thing though. Steph was a lu, You know what I mean? But to beat the Warriors with your all stars gone is fire bro. Shout out to LPJ five assist my boy. I know they was forced but Allegedly they On your stat line so you killed yesterday King 21, 10 and Five Might be, that might be your career high for N bj.


That's the only one yesterday. Fuck the 38 points from Aaron Gordon Nbj had five assist. Nah nah 'em always tough games though. When there two best players is out they like trap games. Mm Because you kind of take your foot off the gas a little bit or like we about to beat they ass and then guys like Aaron Gordon have career nights NPJ getting five assist, stuff like that 'cause they got more opportunities so they be hyped to hoop like I get to shoot tonight. Yes sir. I ain't gotta pass pass it to Yolk. I ain't gotta pass it to Murray, it's my time to shine. So they had moments like this and if you let your foot off the gas like go and State did a little bit. It's the kind of stuff that happened. Most definitely. We talk about the acquisition of Russell Westbrook Behe And you was high on this early, a lot of people questioned it but he's been one of the best returns they could've ever thought for A good fit.


I think like him with the Lakers, him with the Wizards, it was just, it wasn't good. Looks for his career, You know what I'm saying? And he got a team where he comfortable with they let him shine and rock out. He fit his role. Well he found his home bro. He might retire a A nugget For sure now I liked him in in Washington 'cause him and Bill was hooping. Yeah he Was killing but it was kind of, you kind of forgot about Russell A. Little bit. Yeah I hated him in the Lakers and I also hated him with the Rockets. Clippers was so so for me. But yeah it is good to see Russ in a good situation again man. Yeah so You know that was either, he paid 42 minutes last night. Damn. Yeah bro, he got all the energy in The world bro. He brought him PJ they brought 40 plus.


I see what he told to you. That's the problem nigga ain't working harder That's why. Yep. He was right. That's why he still playing. He got worse knees than me. For real bro. He, he damn near got Kenny Smith knees. He still be dunking still be going crazy. Yeah. Nah I ain't wanna be a hater bring this up. I probably shoot that shit in his leg before he game. He did shoot pop for 18 last night. That's crazy. It don't matter. I'm Rus that's a Russ game. That's definitely a rush game Pop for 18 is crazy. I I a night. But I did everything else. Definitely a Rus game. Yeah I filled in a void for everything. He got the best contract ever. Like if I'm a owner I got a Russell Westbrook I think he making like 4 million a year.


Yeah, yeah. Minimum whatever it is. Yeah and that's what you call him off the bench. You call a steal. What This Is highway robbery. I have a, a top 75 Hall of Fame player just gave me a triple double with 16 assist last night for four M's. Yeah like come on bro. Like Who? That's sweet. That motherfucker shoes crazy. I was gonna say yeah boy that's a nasty ad they put above him. Don't put this Rus In the best edition man to a team. Facts bro. He gotta a, I'm sure he gonna get a pay raise next year. I know he don't need the money or whatever. I ain't checking his pockets but damn to get him for that. Yeah, good job nuggets For sure man.


Rusting May 3 45. Sheesh. That's just home to court. We ain't even talk about what he come on bro. Shout out to Russell West man. How much? 3 45 bro. Shit Russ, You a blessing Boy. You earned it bro. Fuck them these bro. You done paid for them. Oh god, shit. You done paid for 3 45 LaVar Ball? Me? Oh no. 3 45 No Kenny Smith, me. Oh Kenny Smith? Yeah. All yeah I'd rather walk like that shot To LaVar man. I seen LaVar Chilling. Yeah he Chilling. My boy working out into it man. 3 45. You can't take my foot right. You Can take, I'm gonna walk like an ill bill thought like Kenny Smith.


Deion Deion. Oh definitely Dion. Me he still was. Oh yeah. Oh yeah Dion 45 for sure. 3 45. Deion still put no shoes. Take the toes off. Yeah his front tube might be gone too. Not even the back end. The front tube might be gone. I see LaVar do a way. He chilling bro. I mean that's cool. Carucci them motherfucker was little as hell. It's not okay. I ain't lie of the bar man. 3 45 bro. Yeah 3 45 they can have you, they can have your leg. Not the whole God damn. The whole leg is crazy. Listen we here now. No, No I'm not. I'm not. This is my thing when people get their feet removed bro, just take the whole slab. Give me an artificial me having a little nub that just do this.


But you might need that to function. You can get artificial but too though technology is crazy though. Oh we gotta move off. Gimme a dude. Gimme me the full extent though Paul. It's like what the link Not me. The Full though was crazy by the way. I wasn't make Go on put the chip to me. Nah. Yeah three. Nah nah, never shout to Varta 3 45. Yeah you, you, you, you might contemplate some things for shout facts. Who gonna get to succeed The Warriors or the T Wolves or could either one of them catch Memphis? Let's look at it. Everybody healthy on the Grizzlies? Yes. I think they gonna lock in at that fifth then. Okay. Yeah I think Warrior's gonna fall to the like the, I think Warrior's gonna fall to the eighth, seventh, eighth.


That's not a good look for either one of those top two teams to get that. Especially not the Rockets for sure. Yeah, I don't think Yeah that's tough. Yeah the Rockets play the Warriors it's it is Christmas. Yeah it might get ugly for sure but shout out to them man. Get that dope as today. Talk about another under man team getting a dope ass night. Shout to my boy OB topping load up to the Drake T Wolves took that L at the crib last night and we ain't play. Nobody Speaking about T Wolves man. We got my boy double D in the hat. Let's go. That's a good defense. Hey better offense. Ah yeah talk that shit OBI wanted to trade you after what you did to the Bucks you redeemed yourself. He was on bullshit Saturday night.


See O look. Oh nah he was getting cooked Wishy wasy. Nah it was facts. My boy went super saying last night. Fuck outta here Nothing OB game and me good ahead. Better shot. I look good too. Prime thing call a foul. They should have that look good. He wasn't a superstar though. Tyres should got that fo. Hey man, crazy crazy game though that last night don't if you watched it 1 32 to one 30 OT victory for the Pacers O be topping with crazy yesterday 34 and 10. My boy Benedick math had 23 and eight A. He went crazy with 38 yesterday only though he had won 11 from the three point line. That's kind of crazy. Nare had 21 as well yesterday. I mean I get buckets if I get 40 with no threes. 40 Hit one three.


Yeah He was hooping out yesterday. Oscar. Oscar Iverson For sure. For sure. T Woods had one of the last eight games. The Pacers, we didn't play any of our starters last night. Is this alarming for y'all? Just a game y'all just got slept on? Yeah, I mean it, it is what it is. What y'all resting for? You know what I'm saying? We, we knew y'all was sweet so figured we'd get Light Dub. Shout to Dante Zo. Respect. Nah, we was coming off that road trip bro. We got, we know that we not really gonna advance past where we at. We gonna have to play the Bucks or the Pistons. So we just gotta keep a steady pace in the good flow the rest of the season. We ain't about to jump up in the raking so people being healthy more important at this point than trying to get an extra dub but we'll take a gift for sure. No that's a good win without your guys for shit. Sure A's number of attempts.


Is that alarming? It's not, don't Always shoot a bunch of thi. Okay Go to the hole though. You can go to the hole more. I, I like that question. He can be more aggressive to the rack but he been hooping like that since he got there. Most definitely. Now obviously they dropped the game yesterday but they've been killing as of late, You know what I'm saying? AWS in a row from Minnesota. Could they squeeze out a first round victory? Is it dependent upon the matchup for them? Can we go back to the standard please? I Don't, I don't, I don't see them coming outta the first round. You don't see them. They are the seven C right now. Shout out to Mike in a room conference but the school west. We'll take the West conference please. This is, listen I want hold, wait, wait a second.


Wait a Fucking second. We go up a little bit too. If you can scroll down just a little bit so we can see it. The fact that y'all asked For this thing a nicely, This is why I every other production team we heard right has 12 to 15 niggas. Right. Okay. So what are you doing right now? I'm talking to Malcolm about the next screen Now You put Malcolm in this Nobody say Malcolm name all day. You Dr. I don't like Perfect. I didn't what y'all talking about? That's crazy. Rocket T Woods first Real. I Like the Rockets. I'm not gonna lie to you. Okay, I do too. It'll be exciting matchup though. Yeah, I hope I'm staying the stage just like that Hell of a matchup for sure.


We gonna talk about Rudy later in the show though. Yeah, always. Bang bootie gobert. I'm gonna be inside now. Yeah bro it's up. The bias on this show is Cook Defund Rudy go bear for life. Can the pace of shock team this year, can we shock a team? Yeah they said y'all been playing like the team they looked like last year since January 1st. Yes I think, I think they can win a first round matchup. I do. I think if we lock in a serious healthy, I think we can win a first round matchup. I honestly think this might be a hot take. I think we would have an easy time beating the Bucks than we would the Pistons to be honest to you. I mean obviously we know the Bucks have the better players but it just the way that we play them and styles we just always play them very, very well. Have a chance to win the Pistons. I think that would be very obscure for us.


Could we win? For sure. But I would feel more comfortable with Milwaukee but after that, I don't know if we getting past the second round now it might get ugly injury. Have to play a part for all that will get passed. Especially with the Celtics being the two. Yeah. Nah Cs being the one. Nah but I think we got a first round for show. That's cool. I would love to disband the Milwaukee Bucks if we beat them in the first round. That means that team will not be back next year And that will make me very happy as well. That is a fact. So I Will take it. That would be Ill if y'all beat them bro. That that would be if we were the reason why Giannis Milwaukee. Y'all ain't gonna never let me talk the shit down. We getting him outta our division too. I ain't gotta do it Giannis no more.


Yeah we gotta get 'em outta here bro. Oh man. For sure. Shout to the patients good dub Super Chad Jose. First off, us Laker fans aren't scared of the Celtics and we want all the smoke and bias fatigue AR 15 or Peyton Prichard First off you liker fans. We get y ass clap by the Celtics. Y'all better be very careful. We y'all talking about bro y'all are good team but those are the defending chip for a reason. Who you got? I think they're the same. I mean AR 15 just got more opportunity than Peyton. I think if Peyton Pritchard got that same opportunity he could do the same shit AR 15 be doing. I like AR 15 'cause he a little bigger of a player. Yeah I think he can play a couple more positions than Peyton but if they had the same amount of min minutes, I think that Peyton Prichard had the same production as AR 15.


Hmm. I mean if you go look at they stats, I know if that might be asking a lot, But if you go look at Peyton Pritchard's stats, Well nigga's PR is fired today on my soul. What is he averaging? 14? Yeah. Can how many minutes do you think he play a game? Less AR for sure. 29. 29. All right And Austin Reeves. Austin Reeves at least 30. Peyton's shooting 14. Averaging 14 and 40.


He average at 1940 4% shooting. Who you comparing him? 36? Yeah I think he had the same production if he was playing 36 minutes a game and was the third option. Yes sir. I think he'd get the same production. So we seen him get 40 in the random game. I'm sure that if you gave more opportunity to shoot. Yeah. Yeah. And he's playing with ar playing with Luca and LeBron but half the season it was just LeBron so he really was the second. Well Anthony Davis but Yeah he had the ball. He was playing point guard. He was a starter. Yeah. Yeah he a starter. Payton Pritchard playing behind four Hall of Famers.


That's true. Literally That's a fact. That's true. I the production, I don't know. Yeah I don't know. I just like Austin Reeves way more than Peyton Prichard Respect. Nice question for sure. Back then. Super chat Sly Cooper said Will Chapman ain't exist. Rell Pinocchio hundred point game did not exist but Will. Oh he was definitely real respect the ledger for sure. Those stories will never go away. That nigga named is Sly Called me wrote on the super chat, said what's better to have a high power offense like Alabama because of a lot of points with great defensive team by St. John but struggle on offense. Mm. Your defense travels. So I probably take defense if I'm playing in a tournament.


You can always play defense. Your shot don't always fall. Me, I'm an offensive type of guy. I like guys that can score. I love scoring a bunch of points and stuff like that but my defense has to travel and in a tournament that's all you can rely on is your defense 'cause you you playing in different venues you never played in Yeah. Stadiums and arenas that you never been in. So your defense gotta travel. Oh for sure. And in a tournament if you got a good enough defense, especially if you pressing to force some turnovers that can get you some easy legs. Easy game. Good question. Speaking to Officer Reeds, he went crazy last night with a 30 ball like secure dispersion yesterday 1 25 to 1 0 9 AR 15 had 37 and six. Luca had 2114 to nine almost triple double even though he shot five from 20 for the field And Stefan Capsule had 23 and eight yesterday.


Legacy full strength. Can they go to the conference finals? I ain't gonna say championship but can they go to the conference finals at least? Yeah. Okay. They sure can. Okay. With LeBron and Luca Res They got great team bro. They got Enough weapons to get to the finals. Really? But I don't think they will. They got enough weapons too. I was gonna ask the next step is can you think of this let your team be out the west at least. No That's a hell. But at least for sure but I don't think they will but they got the players to get out the west. Yeah if they did I wouldn't be like shocked. It is just smoke out there. Yeah. It depends what, it depends what LeBron you about to get. Like I LeBron two different players. Sometimes you get this LeBron where he just like I'm not losing, I'm taking over shit.


And then you got this LeBron y I've seen it where he just kind of chilling. You need game six verse Boston bro. Now if you get him every game you get the best player on Earth. Yeah but if y'all get in LeBron sometimes where he get mad and he take possessions off on defense and stuff like that and rightfully so, he 40 years old. But it just depends with LeBron you won. If he think he could really win a championship think then y'all might get a different bro. Mm. I just them nuggets man. Whew. Because think about when he was at AC with, they played the nuggets that year and they had a chance to win game one I think. And after that he was like man fuck this shit. He was chilling. Yeah that's a, that's a fair take though 'cause it really do depend on which which Brian you get.


But I think he might be on that type of time 'cause he got Luca now bro. I might got him turned up well In arrested right now too. Yeah. And AR is playing outta his body. I think he kind of shocked that ar holding it down like that. Well yeah they got win for against Lakers. That might be tough but we shall see. Hopefully LeBron is healthy for sure. The Knicks took care of the heat yesterday built to add situation one 16 to 95. A straight lost for the heat Get well soon for them For sure. They gotta get rid of Pat Riley man, pastor problem. Yes bro. Yeah Somebody said it'd be better when he dies. I said damn y'all that's a little harsh. Yeah and unfortunately Just let him go home.


Yeah unfortunately they posted the, this picture of I didn't put this in here but of Malcolm. It is disgusting. What? This is a nasty pig man. Please take Picture. Who the fuck was that? Tracy Morgan. Tracy Morgan got sick at the game that thought it was a tel post. It wasn't but that is disgusting for sure. Cat hooped out 23 7 MHA Bridge been balling at 28 and Josh Har had triple double 12, 13 at 11. Yeah. I don't know what the he gotta do. You said get rid of Pat Riley. Do they blow his team up too? You know how Pissed they are. Motherfucker throw up on the front of the court like that. Yeah it was a bad situation. Court Side. He had a nosebleed, he couldn't walk, they had to get a cart. Oh my. That looked like it was a lot too.


Yeah that's nasty. He must have had, I don't Know, he had that mic order. They said he had the chicken tenders and it got spooky. Oh Yeah. Y'all don't take shit serious. Y'all don't take nothing serious. My papa have aara a beer and broad combo came up the Wagyu give what soon? Tracy Morgan. Man, hopefully he's feeling better. For sure. Yeah nigga got a tummy ache at the game. Of course side bro you banned bro. No bro, I'm nothing bro. That's like somebody throwing up in your car bro. You can't, you can't get back in my shit for a while bro. Well Uber if you do that they Made you for a while But get what soon?


Up the heat. They got my Uber Band Keith. Keith got your Uber band. Give Will soon to Keith man. Oh man that's Morgan a wild from that. I don't think he Wouldn't do that on purpose. But if I, if you the Knick tee, what's first round match? Would you rather have the Bucks, pisses or Pacers? Pacers? Yeah I wanna have a pacer just because we match up better with them. I don't wanna play the Bucks. They too physical. They gonna beat Kat up. What's the boy name? Stewart? Yeah. Gonna come in fouling and shit. Yeah I want a Finesse game 'cause we the more aggressive team when we play the Pacers.


We are more You know, physical team when it comes to the Pacers. So I'd rather play a Finesse team like them the bucks too much firepower. Yeah. Stay away from your honest stay away from Giannis. I don't want that match. I wanna play the Pacers and it ain't, it ain't no shade 'cause the Pacers beat 'em last year. Right. That's a fact. So I don't think it's gonna be an easy matchup but I would rather play a Finesse team than a more physical team. And also if I got KA in the off season, I wanna see the team that beat me last year. Yeah, Indiana. Yeah. Y'all beat us last year at the crib but we gonna beat Y ass this year. Yeah, I'm the Nicks, I want the Pacers but just 'cause You know the Pacers don't play. I'm not saying they don't play defense but they Oh we don't. Yeah but that's what I wanna play. Yeah, we gonna run all day. Yeah, I don't gotta worry about banging, nobody getting hurt.


Really. All that physical stuff. Pistons, fast break layup you loud be in the stands, Same Thing, You know what I mean? Like cool. For sure. Also, I think K Cutterhead gonna have a crazy postseason. I don't know how far the pistons gonna go but I feel he gonna have a crazy playoff run. Hell probably for sure.


Who's scoring big in the NBA this season? You are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. You compare how many points your favorite player would score, rebounds assist or any player props offered on DraftKings the home of the EBA player props. New customers bet five bucks and get $150 at bonus. Best instantly take it to the rack for DraftKings sports book where every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Books app today. Use Code Club five 20. That's right. Code Club five 20 for new customers to get you $150 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling Problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/audio.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests Trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its Knees, the FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was divine intervention. Listen to divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing power for stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. Softball is growing fast and I'm gonna help you keep up with the speed of the game and the athletes that play it so well. You may even be able to throw out the fastest slapper if you are an old or new fan. Looking to learn more about your favorite players or coaches and hear about their journeys and processes to success. This podcast is an exciting and invaluable resource for anyone interested in the complexities of excellence on the softball diamond. Softball is a game of failure and pressure situations, but lucky for all the fabulous softball players and fans. Pressure makes diamonds and it's time to drop some bombs and diamonds. On and off the softball diamond dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an athlete's eliminate softball league production and partnership with iHeart Women's Sports and deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with AJ Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course we're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle We, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Y App, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Super. Check D more ass. The Suns and Mavs ready for vacation to spoil the sneak in the playoffs. Take the 10th. If that organization was to win they gonna shut everybody down. Yeah, we not gonna lose our spot. Nah, we don't wanna be in there. I see Ad back with the G League team. I don't know what that means but hey if you the trailblazer, it's time to shut down. They too far. They ain't getting cooled. Oh they ain't getting cooped at all but nah, so it don't really matter after Coop you don't really care. I mean I ain't gonna say you don't care. There's some quality players in the draft but ain't none of them going to really move your needle like Coop. Like Coop gonna change your franchise because of the person he is.


Like I Cooper Flag or White American player. Yeah people can get behind him. People like him. We fan favorite the rest of the players in the draft. We just, they just talents for sure like Ace Bailey's good but we not, he's not, eventually he can move your franchise but when he first get there he not selling out jerseys. Right. Cooper Flag selling our jerseys instantly. Yeah, yeah it it's, it's up for sure Money D 96 dash. Did I watch the Rose win the Unrivaled Championship? I did not but shout out to the Rose for getting that victory. I love unrivaled by the way. It's a dope league. They ain't gotta leave and get that money and it's been quality basketball for sure.


I like that they do the one-on-one. That's The women. Yeah. Yeah. Oh the rows out the gate Just never seen. It's a different league. I might papa half Don't I see what y'all did there. Shout out to the start of that league boy. Yo Rachel ex get well. So pg y'all think it's too late for quick grounds to your most improved player? Yes, but he deserves it. If he get it, You earned it. He my favorite player in the league right now. Quentin Grounds I what? But The rules are the rules. Who was our, who fan clip was our part of at First? Boy? We don't know The DJ was the K Cunningham fan club? I don't know but I'm Quinn Grimes. I'm a leader of that one.


Shout out to Quinn Grimes man. Uhs Gli crazy name. I asked my question too much Mike cousin the other day today. Gl that's hard. That's Mike Lineage. That's crazy. Who would y'all take in they pros, CAC or Mellow? Mellow. Mellow. T-Mac. I want Mellow. I wanna get out the first round. I'm taking Carmel. Anthony? Yeah, I thought they was talking about individual player. I'm taking Melos too. T-Mac was Tac was Co. Oh God He was T-Mac was very kobey one year. People don't like him isn't it? Maybe two. But You know for I I brother don't like perky. Save him for another day.


Speaking of qu grime, I boy be going crazy ain load up to Drake first though man. I know he hooped out but we gotta get to Fred Van Fleet and he first seen my crash out. I'm fucking with Fred Van Fleet. Man. He gonna play with his dollar still nigga he pulled A Jeff Teague last night. Shit. Y'all call foul for me. Somebody getting fouled. Yeah, That shit Fred out boy. I ain't foul that hard. Fred did that with one 15 left in the fourth quarter. He didn't give a fuck. I'm nothing bro. You high chill bro. Nah, Gimme a foul bro. Somebody else gonna see what a real foul look like.


Shout to Fred Van Fleet on me. I ain't gonna lie. I you gonna have to see me about this one though. Alright Bro. You bro because I didn't do nothing to you like that bro. Bro. For real. You trying to hurt me bro. It's quiet. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't rocking with that for And I, who is a F? I'm not too sure bro. I gotta be fucked up. I'm a young player. I'm just trying to get a boom bro. Yeah, that was a little too hard bro. I actually made a basketball play that looked like an accident. Like I wasn't trying to hurt you man. I was contesting a shot. Hell nah. Well that's any testament. How crazy that game was yesterday. The Rockets beat the 76ers at OT yesterday. 1 44 to 1 37. A 25 point comeback yesterday for the rockets.


Quentin Grimes are crazy yesterday 46 and 13. I'm telling y'all Trey pg, this is y'all two, you gotta get rid of himself. Quin bro. Quentin Grimes. Y'all can get him right now for four year 40. He he done one. Yeah Get him for a Russell Westbrook deal. Yeah, You put low in, you have, you have to pay him 46 Bro. His last, his last month bro. He, He been Arguing with the best two guard in the league bro. He been going crazy. Nah, he been going, He been hoop bro. 46, 28, 29, 35, 20 Last five games is ridiculous. Come on bro. He been killing bro. The mother March belongs to quick bro. He better be player of the week.


Y'all better not cheat him. He is been killing bro. I don't care about nothing. No wins or losses bro. He killed so bad. Last time we looked up here he was averaging seven. Now look at his stats boy. Averaging 13 on. That's a hell of a boost. Boy. Boy been going crazy. Yeah, he, he deserves all the love man. Yeah he's the bright. The one bright spot for the 76 ERs this year. Man, just keep going bro. Yep. Get 50 'cause he done had a what, 48 boy. 46? Yeah. Yeah 48 1 day and then and B was like you didn't get 50. Yeah you gotta keep going crazy man up bro. Solidify your career. And he went back to Houston to have 46. That's where he went to school at man I'm a fan. For real.


He started off at Kansas, I remember. Yeah Quinn Grs was nice, especially Houston as well for sure. Man. Hell of a game yesterday. Pistons beat the sleeves off the PEs yesterday. 1 27 to 81 K went crazy yesterday. 24 84. Zion had 36. About 40 bro. Yeah. Built to ass situation. 81 points is nuts bro. Yeah this will be all over get well soon. We have a lot of clips in this wonderful game but yeah it is just, it just got ugly yesterday man. Give well soon to the Pelicans. You know what time it is. They gotta be so bad. They said yeah set Trey Murphy down for the season. We getting 80 points. We won't need my though. Tour his labor. Yeah that's terrible man. We get well soon for Trey. Mm Oh love Drake please.


Bulls beat the jazz yesterday won 11 to 97. You asked for it be here. They provided What Walker Kessler blocks baby. How many you get? Yeah, There we go. Get that shit outta here. Fuck outta here Voch. Fuck is. Y'all say it wasn't true. Yeah, yeah he abouting jump shots. He do everything. T Motherfucker just slam jam Ram on you all season. Show me you worth being a hey show me you worth a quarter bro. Y'all never highlight his his play bro. Yeah bro. We gotta not gonna do that to walk Keel. Is this all y'all got? Yes you see this on Luke?


I didn't know niggas loop the track nigga. What's crazy is he had more block game. We just didn't put it up there. Just make it Funer just looping. Well for sure. Oh man. Before I had four blocks. Shout to Walker Castle man. Especially this love on this show man. Nah for sure he can come be y starting five. I don't do the outline of this show man. You just, you just, He had three yesterday social respect. Three blocks last night. Come on 12 rebounds. Alright man. Quality now he was 3, 4 11. That's nasty. That's Night. I'm okay with around 3 4 11. It's crazy but no, hey shout out to Walker Kessler. Nobody cares about that game anyway. Sons beat the rappers yesterday. Belt to ass 1 29 to 89. KD had 27.


I mean books had 27. Excuse me KD had 14 but nothing Talk about there they got blown. Fuck out Kings beat the Grizzlies 1 32 to 1 22. Malik Mo hoop out yesterday with 28. Zack Vinne had 23, the Rosa had 22 but Desmond Bain killed yesterday with 44. Shout to my boy D Bang. Good game Boy. Yeah D Bain be getting some random 40 point performances boy shout out to him. Indiana Kid last of certainly not least Blazers. Beat the Wizards yesterday. One 12 to 97 from the Simons Hooped out with 30. Alright, we got a couple games tonight. We wanna see how y'all feel about 'em. We got the Hawks at the Hornets tonight. Hawks. Okay. Hornets. I'm gonna go Hawks as well. Nets at Celtics. Celtics Yeps bucks at Warriors.


I'm gonna go with the Bucks 'cause Dame at home. Mm. I would say the Warriors On the back to back. That's tough. I gotta go Warriors because I need the bucks to lose but I think the bucks might win and then last but certainly like least Cs at Clippers. Cash Clips. Okay. You going clips At home? Yep. Alright. Hell okay for sure. Verify buckets. Who was getting to it yesterday? B he I guess I'm gonna give it to Obie man. Shout out to my boy. Oby die yesterday Just because he is the game winning three And you had 34 points in 10 rebounds so I, I'm a salute you bro. I ain't gonna hate on you. Good game my boy. Nah he was going crazy yesterday. I'm so to love to Aaron Gordon yesterday he had a 38 piece something slight T you who?


You got my favorite player playing Grimes even though we took an L, still a beautiful performance by him. 46, 13 and four. We do it all. That's tough. The 13 rebounds is crazy too. I gotta show some love DBA man. He had 44 yesterday and Jaylen Green had 30 13 to seven in the dub. Get well soon will be here. Who do you some encouragement? Probably Isaiah Stewart. I sent that to the chat. They beat the hell out of the pelican yesterday but this dunk you dunked on a crash out. Hey Yeah. Freaky Z. Yeah nigga, you too little. Yeah.


Weak ass head man. Hey You know what's crazy. I thought that was Tiger. I ain't gonna lie. Tiger. Debbie got good seats. Nah for real. That's a outfit, that's a, you wear bay hoodies all the Time. You know it's crazy. Isaiah got his get back like about two minutes later. I thought it was sweet again. Hey fuck outta here. I ain't about to be out for a minute. Nigga fell on his back. Yeah Bow damn double LA nigga massage them heavy hands. The real MAs. Alright. Hey Mikey.


Well soon goes Rudy go bear man. Damn Mike, you so up. Damn Charles showed in me yesterday Man you qualed up For you to be seven foot tall and not knock our back up. PG off his feet. You're a joke. That nigga really go by big as hell though Man. What he said for about That nigga worse Long As hell. He would've smacked Angel damn heart Nigga with his elbow. But they both got ejected for that yesterday and I'm happy they did because we won the game de four. Rudy go bear for sure Teague.


Who you got? Mm I don't know. Somebody get will run a clip The Vice. Oh yeah, Kelly Lennick. Hey. Oh man Tobias punched on somebody. Okay. Oh he punched on, he punched on somebody else old Kelly o Lennick. Kelly O Len is old as hell. Wow. Damn. Drove with the left two hands boy. Still moving. All right, look At the bitch though. He's like damn Tobi still duck bro. He bro he's six eight. I'm be disrespectful. That dude's crazy. Look at the score. Go back.


They beat the shit out them yesterday. Well look at the score but's the second quarter. 30 pieces of second quarter's nasty. I I would've sat out if I was on. That was a game to sit out. Yeah That shit did. The Mavs don't play five the 26 bro. That's great. Jabari Smith, you definitely gonna get well soon this morning as well. What did you say Right below that? Justin networks. Jabari Smith. Yeah there you go. He don't know a young, a young boy Bow. He good too though. Hey hang dribble a young boy went to Kentucky.


Yeah he good too though. He was supposed to be a first round pick. Bow a that's some people where college hurt him. Yeah, He one of the kids college hurt because if he had an opportunity to just go, he probably would've been the first round pick for sure. And then you see highlights like this and let You know like the talent is there for sure. Last certain not least give well sooner to Ben Shepherd. Shout to ae. This was more his more was nasty Bow. That's he made him run into each other because look at TJ McConnell coming and steal the ball. He did help and he not doing the goddamn thing but setting the screen is crazy. That's insane. Tj, that's a hell of a finger out though.


That boy sp Spin move. Hey lay that bitch. He so explosive. Yeah, nobody on the side. The court did a fucking thing because what did Thomas Bryan do move out the way he couldn't even stone off. I know we got we yesterday but we gonna have a conversation about the Patriot bench. Say that for another day. I'm disgruntled. Alright man. We trying to win Somebody today be here. What you got for 'em? I got Melo 25. Trey Young 20. Giannis 30 Stephan Curry 25 Donovan Mitchell 25 Kaw Leonard. 25 grand total. Well a hundred dollars wins your grand total of $5,000. 32 cents.


Okay. A hundred bucks. Get you five Gs today. Yeah, I like that part of life. For show tap in. You know what it is. Draft Kings. Listen, we appreciate y'all. We'll be back. Same time tomorrow morning. Five 20 in the Morning. The


Volume. What's up y'all? I'm AJ Andrews, pro softball player, sports analyst, and the first woman to win a Rawlings gold glove. On my new podcast dropping Diamonds, we dive headfirst into The world of softball by sharing powerful stories, insights, and conversations that inspire and empower. It's time to drop bombs and diamonds, dropping diamonds with AJ Andrews is an Athlete's unlimited softball league production and partnership with iHeart Women's Sports and deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to Dropping Diamonds with a j Andrews on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Tickets are on sale now. Y Allall for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival. Presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. T Miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas, red Rascal, flex Cole Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now@ticketmaster.com.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like. I trust our talented, that has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.