
Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone in a year. Any condition, it's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S Note or Z Series, smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/samsung or visit at t store for details.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. When you decided to say, you know what, I'm gonna give this acting thing a try. 'cause rock wrestle, then went to acting still wrestles periodically here and there. Batista did the same thing. Batista. Now he mainly just does acting and even rumor rains he's followed in Europe. So what, did you have conversations with Rock? Did you have conversations with Batista? I did, but I think our password different. Okay. I think especially with Dwayne, he did did WWE and said, I want to do act. Okay. I think with Batista, he also said, I now want to do act. Okay. I got a chance to do Act. Okay. And I got a chance early in my career.


2004 was my first movie and it didn't go so well. And then I did a bunch of bad movies, but I got those chances because the WWE was opening a studio. Right. Again, if life cracks the door open, see what's behind it. Yes. So my boss was like, Hey, you gotta go to Australia to make this movie. Why? Because we were gonna do it with Stone Cold. And he backed out. When did we film in a week? Get down there. Okay, let's go. Right? That got me kind of run out of the movie business in 2009. And then in the early, like 2000 10, 11, 12, I was approached with very small roles and I, I'd been playing this the same character on tv. Not that I was bored, but this was a chance to be like, Hey, do you wanna make fun of yourself or do you wanna be part of this movie where you can dress up as a different character and do different stuff?


So I didn't say I was gonna go act, I just merely said, yo, there's an opportunity in front of me that I'd like to do. I know why I fucked up in the past because I wanted to be in the ring when I should have wanted to be on set. Right. Let's give this thing a try. And when you give it a try, give it a try. Respect the process. Respect the long days, respect the multiple takes. It's not live entertainment. There's not 10,000 people screaming your name. Do this for this and do it the best you can. And that's when things start. Good work. I I'm a firm believer and good work will get you another opportunity somewhere. Right. And that started to happen. What's the hardest part about auditioning?


Failing is, is the thing. And, and a lot of the, a lot of the audition process, they're just looking, a lot of it is aesthetic. You know, you, you see a character in your mind when you read the book. And if the person walks in and they're the, the spitting image of that character, man, they, they got a good chance. Right. Anyone can be coachable. If I'm a director, I want to think if I'm your head coach and I see you, and I'm like, man, I think I, with good coaching, I think we can help this talent. So it's a lot. That's a lot of the audition process. So the the shitty thing is failing a lot. Like it is a business of rejection. In baseball, you get a hit three outta 10 times, you make the hall of Fame. Yeah. That's an f audition. It's like, God, if you land one out of 101.


So for some it's one out of a thousand. Like you, you just get rejected all the time. And it, you're basically being told you're not good enough. Wow. And and they kind of don't tell you why. It's just you didn't get the gig. So if you know you need to work on your speed, easy. I'll practice that. I'll get better at that. But just tell me that. Yeah. So you're not fast enough. Yeah. You don't get, you don't get, so you're not strong enough. You don't get anything. Right. You just don't get the Part. So you, your routes, you need to work on your routes. So you need to be able to get on the edge. You need to get skinny. So, but you say nah, you Don't, you don't know what to practice. You know, it's, it's just tough. It's tough. But then Trainwreck happens. Yep. What was that situation like? Well, I mean, you, like, they call you.


It's like, okay, we got this road, we got this road, John, we like for you to come down there, read for it and give this thing a go. Yep. And I sat in a room with Amy Schumer and Judd Apatow, and I was prepared. We went through the script. Okay. And then life handed me an opportunity. Judd said, put the script down and just riff And. we just did. And, and I wasn't afraid of looking silly and I wasn't afraid of not being funny. And I wasn't afraid of failing because I was failing all the time anyway. And I got advice from Judd behind the camera of kind of encouraging me to what to say. Amy is an angel. She made the environment so comfortable.


And then when I got the, the part eventually, and they were like, yeah, it's a sex scene, And, we want you to do elaborate and crazy stunt sex and all those lines you had, we're probably not gonna use 'em. We're just gonna do the stunt sex scene. Yeah, sure. Let's do it. Right. Be naked in front of everybody. Yeah, no problem. Let's do it. So that also comes with like, well, people are gonna laugh at me and people are gonna make fun of the way I look physically. Okay man, let's go be being okay with self, you know? And Okay, this is what this profession is about. Yeah. Let's do it. Let's give it a try. Is it hard doing a sex scene? Oh my God, it's the worst. Why? What's so bad about it Right now? Did I mess up?


No, this is the thing right now. You guys at home think it's just us? Yeah. No. There's a whole fucking world back here. Yes. And this is, this is like a great production nonetheless. Right. But dude, man, like catering was right there. And like the sound tense is right there. They started off with, we started off practice, it was like a closed set. And I'm, I've, I've come to grips of like, ah, this is who you are. You work every day to be the best you can. Right. Fuck it, man. Let it hang out. Right. So when that attitude literally Or figuratively, All, okay, okay. It's a short story either way. So who cares? It's just, there are so many people you need to make a movie. Right?


There is nothing intimate about it. Right. Nothing. Right. So like, it's real embarrassing. And then on top of that, to do a comedic sex scene Yeah. Where you're like, making fun of yourself and, and having, they literally like try to have the most awkward sex you possibly can. Right. Okay. And with an audience watching that, that's, it's different. I don't wanna say it sucks, right? It's just, it's a, it's different than you all think. It's, it's, yes. It's different.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm a role sponsor. Do you want hotter, more spontaneous sex? Rose Sparks can help sparks offer dual action prescription treatment that's given men stronger and harder. Erections. Rose Sparks works faster than other treatments because they're dissolved under the tongue and go directly to the bloodstream. Why does that matter? Because now when the mood is right, he'll be ready. Normal waiting for that pill to kick in. Plus, Rose Sparks stays active in your system for up to 36 hours. But when you get aroused, hey, who you get hard without waiting. With Rose Sparks, guys can get more confidence in bed, more satisfaction for their partners and more control. When it's sexy time. Ro connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. There's no awkward conversation with an in-person. Doctor, if approved treatment shifts directly to the door to find out if a prescription for Ro Sparks are right for you, connect with a provider at ro.co/shesha url. That's ro.co/shesha. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law, but are not FDA approved for full safety information, visit ro do co slash info.


That was the movie LeBron was in. How was LeBron on Set? So we never got to officially meet. Okay. But I've met him at WWE e Okay. He's awesome. He is. He's awesome. Like, yeah, he's, he's a, a great person. Okay. Lemme ask you this, which was harder? The sex scene and Trainwreck or sex scene at the Oscars? The Oscars, because I got all the people behind the camera of any production, but then I walk out in front of a room of my peers, many of which I've never met because I haven't worked my way up to meet. Right. I have the most decorated performers, producers, directors in one room.


And I'm gonna go out there with my balls in the wind with an index card covering my stuff, being like, Hey guys, is this funny? Are we good? Are we all right? That was, that was a, How did they convince you to do that? It was funny. Jimmy Kimmel called me personally. He is like, I need you to come to the office, man, Jimmy, I'm in between stuff. Like, I need some time to recharge. And I know I'm, I'm very good with boundaries and self of like, if I just gimme 24 hours and I'm back in, I really needed some time. And he is like, just let me send you the bit. And he sent it on paper and I called him back. I'm like, when do you need me there? It, it wasn't a, it wasn't a thing of like, and I, I honestly thought I would be more naked. Right? I expected full dick and nuts, but it's Disney, so you gotta, I like put a tape on my butt crack.


Right. Stuff that was even more embarrassing, right? Like going out there with a taped butt hole. That's tough. That's tough. But it, as soon as soon as I read it, and I'm so fortunate that Jimmy Kimmel thought of me, And, we went through it in rehearsal. He was like, man, this is gonna, this is gonna be a moment. This is gonna be funny. Right? And only because when I invested, I didn't invest, I invested, I didn't be like, I'll do it, but I gotta not do this and maybe I'll wear shorts or whatever. No, I, I'm like, man, I want to wear my watch in Birkenstocks and yeah. That's it. That's it. So it was just knowing that it's an opportunity and investing in that and, and I don't know what, or if any yield that we'll have, the money wasn't good. Right.


It was a moment to perform in front of my peers. Right. But I don't know if it got me anything. Right. But I I knew that I wanted to do it. Right. You know? Then the su you had, you did the Suicide Squad Yep. The Suicide Squad with Will Smith Salba. So these roles are getting bigger and bigger. So when you get like, damn, that's Will Smith man. That's Edris Elba do does, does that thought, do you get starstruck when you get All the time? And I think a lot of the, A lot of the awe comes from like, Hey, it, it's, I'm starstruck talking to you. You have been able to take something you love and make it your vocation. Not a job like what you were, what you were put here to do.


And then after that chapter closes, you are now taking something you love and making it your vocation. To me, I'm in awe of that. Thank you. Appreciate that. Like, that's fucking super cool. So when I'm standing next to Idris, who's been a performer on screen for decades and operates at a high level, I'm in awe. It's not, it's not of what his Fame can do for me. If you look at how I operate on social media, I'm very hard line boundaries. I don't ever, I don't ever try to treat my relationships with people as transactional. But damn do I have respect for people that can take what they love and make it their vocation? I remember meeting Kevin Hart.


Kevin is a like a fucking Tasmanian devil. Yes. That dude goes, he grind, he grinds, grinds my gearbox stops at like fifth his goes to 10th. Yes. And he's on the phone and doing stuff. Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions. As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help, especially if you're not a tech expert yourself.


They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com. That's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors. Bill cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal.


You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it is adding a doop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beefs quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home. Hey. Hi everybody. It's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show.


As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine, healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today. Alright. Roll. And he's immediately snaps in the car. He, he can fucking cry. He can buy, sell, cut, buy, sell, damnit. And he was trying to give away secrets of like, no, look, this is what you gotta do.


You gotta do this. I'm like, Kevin, I'm so grateful for this information. I'm grateful to even stand next to you. I don't have that gear. Like, thank you so much for the knowledge and dude, your success is amazing. I just, I wouldn't be good at what you do. Right. I know where my limits are. Right. And and it's, it's amazing to watch you work, dude. Right? He was the, the most, the craziest example of somebody I've seen fluent in so many levels. Do you, do you get an off when you see people greatness, you know, having been around LeBron and you be around, you watch Jordan and you watch Kobe, you watch Shaq, you watch all these great players in football. I played with John Elway and Ray Lewis and you see Tom Brady, Peyton Manning operate.


Do you get an all you like, I see exactly why that person, he or she's enjoy the level of success that they've had And the answer's always the same. It's the work. And by the way, no compliment for the Broncos colors. I'm just Yeah, I I like that. I like that. That is a blue stitch in the, but I was just thinking like you're from Connecticut. That's All right man. I'm just trying to be a good guess. Okay. I appreciate that. I mean, your cloud, I appreciate that. Appreciate that. The answer's always the same. It's the work everyone thinks it happens overnight. Yeah. And a lot of people build this construct of like, oh, they're just lucky. Luck is a part of life. A hundred percent when Preparation meets opportunity.


That's what It is. But man, luck can get you a minute. Luck can get you your five minutes. Luck can get you one hit. Single labor effort work allows you to call it your vocation. Okay. And whenever someone rises to the top of their vocation, dude, that is just work. Right. You know, that is work that is at a level that it's, I think that we call it luck or, or people might call it luck 'cause they just, they might have trouble understanding how much work it takes. I'm always in awe because like, yo, I, I knew how much effort that is. That's a lot of effort. You know, The fast and the Furious.


I mean, are you gonna be in 1111? I I would be in the fast and the Furious as long as they would have me. 'cause it's an action movie about cars. Yes. And, we And we were talking off set off camera. You love, you love your cars. Dude, It's so, that franchise I'm a fan of to be invited in is awesome. But I did have a pretty big fiery wreck in the last one. I know that they have a reputation of resurrecting characters. I I hope I made it. They didn't have a funeral for me, so I'm okay. I'm okay. But I, I hope I made it. I hope I can do the next one. We are, we know you loved you. C four got a new GTI They got one or twin Now about the four Gt.


Yeah. Okay. Yeah. We gonna need a, i I think I'll let those find a home. Yeah. Yeah. Your new movie Jackpot. How did you prepare for this role? So this, every once in a while a project gets put in your lap that it's like, whoa, I I think if we were to shoot this tomorrow, I'd be okay. I get to be a goofy, virtuous self-deprecating, larger than life character who owns a fledgling protection agency who, I don't know any special skills or anything. I have a few of my own homemade weapons, but I throw people through walls. Right. I lift up heavy things and I get to make fun of myself and I get to surround myself with a wonderful comedic cast and a wonderful comic director and writer who are gonna fire jokes at other people to make fun of me.


Yeah, I can do that. So this is one of those ones where it wasn't like, man, I had to take six months to get in the inside the mind of Noel. Like, it was like, yo, this is a bunch of great jokes. The script is great, what would you do if you won the lottery and had to make it to sundown, but everyone else with a ticket could kill you and claim their prize? Wow. Like it's an easy concept to understand great cast fun action. Like, and not asking too much of me, they weren't like, Hey, we need you to go learn this ancient martial art. I was just like, you wanna throw people through walls and, and haymakers and stuff and Yeah, no, it's fine. How did, do you do your own stunts In this movie? A lot of the participation was me because the stunt coordinators are like, okay, he's big, he's lumbering, he's unorthodox at times.


That's how we're gonna plan our action. And because it's an action comedy. You watch Jackie Chan's old stunt. Yes, very gifted, but he does action comedy. He's not afraid to make fun of himself. They also knew that I was game to do that stuff. Right. So a lot of the physical jokes I'm a part of as well. So if, if somebody really tried to hire you to protect them, the billion Jackpot, how much, what type of percentage are we looking for? So I don't, so chances are if they were to meet their demise and I'm, I'm probably their protector, so I'm going down in a blaze of glory, I would ask for 90% because I don't think, I don't think we're gonna make it. 90, 90% of debt is still debt.


Like I don't think we're, I don't think we're gonna make it, you know? So lemme ask you a question. Let's say the roles are reversed. You won a billion dollars. Yeah. I, I think finding, finding someone with a special set of skills, I, I I don't. But then again, I don't know right? Because if you have someone who has, is so skilled in the arts of stealth espionage, disposing of problems. Yeah. Maybe at the final minute they go to business, they fold you themselves. You know what I'm saying? You get the ticket. It would, it would have to be someone that doesn't have a lottery ticket. Right. If you can't play, you can't win.


Right. So they don't have a ticket. Right. And they would have that special set of skills and I don't know who that would be. Lemme ask you this. Owning your own name. WE still currently owns that and they get a piece of any project that you are a part of. Sure. You okay with that? Or do you like one day? Because remember they just gave DJ Dwayne Johnson, they just gave him the rock. He has that now. Yep. Do you want that? You want that bestowed upon you? No. What I, so when you say that, like, I, I believe context is, is the okay, the is very important in conversations. Okay. The wwe e fair is an understatement. Generous would be a better scenario. Okay. I have such a trustworthy relationship with them over, over two decades.


Correct. I have a champion of the brand. I love the company. It is my home. They are my family. Even after 2025, I've already signed an extension to remain a member of the WWE family for the near, mid, and long-term future. Gotcha. I don't think there'll be a beat of my heart where WWE blood doesn't come out of that said, without them I don't exist. And I fell into a weird scenario where we're for a hot second, people were using their real names. Nowadays people have real sounding names, but it's not their real name. Right. So they can own their real name. So I fell into a weird scenario and WWE recognizes that. Right? They're very focused on intellectual property as they should be.


Rick, if, if I make a song and somebody wants to use the time is now on their commercial and they just steal it, well that's not exactly fair. There's a huge conversation in the movie business about artificial intelligence. If someone scans me, takes my face and makes 200 movies in their own accord without giving me anything, I don't know how fair that is. So in the, in the vision of fairness, whenever the WWE IP is approached, they have to be cut in on the deal. And that's not them going, that's me going, Hey, I'm doing this. Let's work out the business. Okay. A wise man once said to me, making money is the toughest part. Dividing it, that's easy.


Making it's real tough. So I always operate under that construct. WWE has been, and this since the start of my contract, they've never tried to change my name even when they realize they made a mistake. Like they never tried to alter my being or character. They've always given me freedom to what I want because we trust each other. I'm not out to, to try to rob them of what they've earned. And again, they're not out to try to take what, what's not theirs. Everybody wants to play fair. And, and when I say Fair w W's terms are generous. You been into stock market, you like to invest. So what was some of the best advice that you've received and some of the best advice that you've given people to help them be able to do what you've done?


John, You're all over the map. And I love this. This is great. It's great. Don't spend beyond your means. Okay. I think that is important to, is That easier said than done? Yes. Yes. Because of, because of a lot of things. But I'll, I'll trim it. Make it easy. Don't spend what you don't have and try to spend less than you have so you can save a little bit. Okay. Don't carry debt because, and I know there that's not a universal thing because there are many people who would advocate when the percentage of debt is low carrying debt's good. 'cause I can beat the percentage in other investments. Right.


I'm just afraid one day they're gonna call the margin and I don't have the money. Right. So I tend to not want to owe anyone anything. Yeah. That way all tabs are square at the end of the business day, you're, it. Don't spend more than you have. Don't carry don't carry any bad debt and be, be accountable. I, I think that's and know, know who you are. If you're someone who wants to get rich quick, there's nothing wrong with that. Right? Understand the math behind that. Talk to a venture capitalist and tell 'em, ask them how many of their assets fail. A venture capitalist don't invest in 400 companies opening one survives. That's need, there's yield from one's need. So if you're at home with your a hundred bucks and you want to get rich quick, you gotta take that a hundred bucks somehow bet on 400 companies.


Right? And hope one hits. But if you push it all into one, you are locked into that hook, line and sinker. So I think know who you are as an investor. Dude, I, I try to be safe. My stuff is the most unsexy shit you'll ever talk about. And people always are like, man, this thing's gonna smoke. It's gonna be great. Good for you. Yeah. And I'm, I'm also


okay. Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions. As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help, especially if you're not a tech expert yourself. They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com. That's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors,


Fill it, have your cream cheese, makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key line pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy dessert. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


Hey, with the success of others, You good with TBIs? Huh? Man, this, I like this club. Can I get a, Can I get one of those fancy lockers to you? This is a good, so know who you are. Yeah. And, and I think keeping up with the person next to you is a bad idea. Just always try to have a good balance sheet. Look at your books. Look at where you want to be and, and look at, like, look at what you spend. Look at what you earn. Look what you spend it on. Right? I think getting out of the habit of spending more than you make that right there changes the dynamic of everything. If you have enough money to begin saving money, holy shit, you are beating the game.


If you have no debt and can put money away, you're ahead. What's John's best purchase for? And his worst purchase? Worst purchase. O man. I made a, I made a ton of bad purchases. Bad purchases would have to be cars. A lot of, lot of bad cars. I have lost so much money on cars. And that's another thing. Be okay with your failures, right? I love cars. It's a passion. I don't do it to make money so I lose money all lot, right? 'cause it's a passion, right? I bought, I remember when I started making money, my worst purchase is a I, because I didn't want spring for a Lamborghini, right?


So I bought a fake one. Oh my goodness. How do you buy a fake Lambo? I found a way to do it. So we had a Lambo body with a Ford engine, A-B-M-W-V 12. And I was like, yo, let's get a, I was a young, this was like 2000, this is 2003. I found a company that would do it. They put a V 12 in it. I'm like, man, it's the same thing. It looks pretty good. Like it looks great. Yeah, I'll buy it. They tried to stiff me outta the car. I had to ask some friends who knew how to find things, to go and find things. I then had to get a title for the car, of which I did. The car finally shows up after two years from you waiting. It doesn't go into gear.


The motor is held together with the timing of two Chevy v sixes. So everything's confused. Nothing runs the car is not, not roadworthy. So I sent it to a shop. This is 2005. I just got the keys to that car a week ago. What? A week ago. I sent it to 10 shops. I finally found somebody to do it. They did it tip to tail. And I will tell you it looks great. But I, I can honestly, I've That For 20 years. I can honestly say I, I have the cost and the, the, the collectible Lamborghini market is thriving. You're right. I have the cost of about a real roadster and a half into this kit car.


You could have just bought a brand new one. I could have bought two sod, one and half and just one and a half cars be like, yeah, this is it, right? This is, yeah. But I, that was a lesson to be like, Hey, if you take shortcuts, you're gonna get what you pay for. So that was my takeaway from that. Right? And also, like, I don't regret it because I have a takeaway. And in the process I met a whole lot of shady shop owners, which are great. Which allows me to feel good about a good shop owner when I meet a good mechanic and, and someone who can do honest work. So there, there's a lot of good takeaways from that. But as far as like statistics, boy, I got my ass whipped on that best purchase. Shit. My wife's engagement ring.


She said, yes, We're gonna get to that one too. Fame, how have you been able to deal with Fame? Because you're known, you're global, you are known the world over. And sometimes when you are out with your wife, you just want to have a nice quiet evening. You don't get very many of those. And then John, can I get a picture? John, can I sign? Can you sign an autograph? Hey John, hey, this is my brother on FaceTime. Say hello to my brother. Say, oh, can you wish my wife happy birthday? It's our anniversary. How do you deal With that? So I, that's been a journey. And man, my, my wife is tremendous with that because she understands it. And again, I just talked about the kit.


You buy a kit, you get a kit, not a real one. Find out what you want. If what I want is privacy, don't go out, stay in And. if you want to go out, guess what? All this fun work that you get to do, A lot of that job is public service and public relations. And these people aren't coming up to me and like, yo, I wanna fight you. No one's, no one's really coming up being like, I fucking hate. Right? Everybody was like, yo, I just wanna say hi. They're, they're candor sometimes might be a little, it's not, not what I would see is right. But I don't blame them. So I try not to blame them. Now, I'm not perfect sometimes if I'm, especially when I'm going for a morning coffee.


God, I need the coffee before I can be, Hey, what's up? But I also know that when I leave the house for coffee, I'm leaving the house. It's, it's part of the work. And in wrestling travel. Geez, I wish every, I wish every game was a home game. Yes. The travel in sports is tough. Yes. But it's part of the work. This is part of the work and you know what I get to do for my job? Dress up. So like, dress up and be imaginative. It's not that tho those moments aren't hard and it's not that. And I, I think overall people are aware, I'm sorry to interrupt you. They know what's going on. Right? But damn it, they're shooting their shot. Life just gave 'em an opportunity.


Yeah. They're taking it. Probably never gonna see John Cena again. I would like to hope that if there's ever been an act interaction where somebody walks away gnarly from our interaction, they understand that maybe like wasn't a good time to take that opportunity. We're all human. But I also would like to think that I got more good interactions than bad ones. Right. Because I really try to be conscious of, first of all, I would be nowhere without that person. Correct. And I'll go to places and people are like, yo, do you want me to stop people from coming over? I'm like, they're the reason I can sit here. So no, because man, let's, let's get everybody, I'll say hi to 80 people and then we can all go about our meal. Right. And everything's fine. Right? But normally people are respectful, they're excited, you know, and it only takes a a few seconds.


The the biggest thing is like, I'm going to the bathroom. That's tough. Yeah. Yeah. We ain't shaking no hands. Don't be daffing. Stop all that talking too. But again, people don't know, so I'll literally What you mean you don't know? You ain't supposed to talk. Nobody in the bathroom, John. No, I know, man. Not at the urinal. I know. So I'll, I'll take a second. I used to be real confrontational, but now I'll take a second. As the business is going on. Yeah. Be like, you do realize where we are. Yeah. Right? No, we are in a bathroom. There's other people. Yeah. We're all doing unspeakable things. Yeah, I'm good. But can we do that outside? Oh man, I'm sorry. I didn't know I was, they, they figure I reach over, Hey man, how? Oh no. How you gonna reach over?


Come on bro. 'cause sometimes you get lost in the moment and a lot of times it's like, oh, he's finally private. Right? He's at a time where I can approach him when it's the worst time. Yeah. That and if I gotta be somewhere, like a lot of times on set, they're calling me into work. Those days are expensive. I'll shake as many hands as I can after they call cut. Right? 'cause people will come to these locations and it's great. But if I gotta go, I gotta go. You gotta go because the days are expensive. And while they move the lights, then we can talk. Or if I'm trying to make a flight, like that's also the worst. Like, oh my God, I gotta run for the gate. Hey man, I, I've made people like, yo, keep up and you gotta take your picture while you're walking. It's only because I just don't have the time. And, and I'd like to think that any other human being can understand like, oh shit, maybe he just didn't have the time.


And if they don't, again, I'm in customer service and I lose that customer. Hopefully I get opportunities to do good work and earn them back. Right. I'm gonna get you outta here on this one. I, I think I've read this and it could be maybe somebody just reported it was a lie at one point in time that you didn't want kids. Where are you on kids Now? I I don't want them. You don't? No. And I'm, I'm still there. I'm, I'm 47. I don't have them. You don't want a little Johnny, So, so, Or Joanna. That's, that's great. And that's usually what, what everyone says. And I, I gotta tell you, it's, it's, it's not the easiest out there because, you know, a, a lot of why we're here is, is to reproduce.


I have a certain curiosity about life and I also know, I also know the investment that it takes. And my biggest fear is as someone who's driven many times, stubborn and selfish, I try to approach the world with kindness and curiosity. But I, I don't think I'm personally ready, nor will I ever be to invest the time. It needs to be a great parent because I want to, I want to live life for all it is. And it, I still have a lot to do and I still want to do a lot. I have a, a wonderful partner I do it with, we've had open conversations about this. We share the same values. It's a tough subject to talk about because it immediately puts you in a category.


And And, we can't help but judge people are human nature. We're all judgmental. I, I, I'd like to believe that I operate under the construct that everyone's okay. Living their life. And, and I've, I've, I can tell you this is not like a knee, knee-jerk reaction. I've thought long and hard about this. Yeah. Even as my youngest ages is like 15, 16, I remember thinking about it. My opinions only hit that gray area during emotionally difficult times. Wow. And, and I, I'm, I'm very happy with where I stand. I have a lot of joy and fulfillment in my life. And, and, and that's pretty much where I stand on that. Was That a difficult conversation to have with your wife?


No, no. It was actually, I, I I learned from every scenario. Okay. And I've learned from my past. Yeah, because you had a, you had a reality show, right? I did. And it would play. Oh Man. So that No, no, no. Again, I don't re I don't regret that. Okay. I look back on that fondly because it really showed me who I was. Okay. So when I begin, I, I got knocked off the bike. That's okay. I, I love, love time to get back up and go find it again. And in that due process, I open with the uncomfortable conversations. So those were like first and second date questions with my now wife. Yeah. And it was great because we both got to lean into these uncomfortable moments and, and address this stuff.


And now we've actually built a foundation where whenever one of us is feeling bothered, right? Nothing's off the table. Right. So we of course nobody's perfect. We have our disagreements, but we handle 'em right then and there. And nothing is too uncomfortable to be unapproachable. And that's like starting off with a conversation about, hey, where do you see family life and what is the definition of our family and what brings you joy? And is this, is this a bucket that you need to fill? Those conversations have helped me at least personally and her forge a path together as a team. You show up and like, this is about to be the shortest date in the world. Where are you on? So, but I also believe there's something out, somebody out there for everyone.


Yes. I mean there, there we can see that the way the world is, there is a lot of different people out there. And I think that's beautiful because that can lead to love connection, which is good. Okay. I guess my takeaway on this is if you're out there and you feel alone, you're not, it may be hard to find someone who has the same values, but they're out there and, and don't give up searching 'cause you're not as alone as you think you are. John c Ladies, I'll do this one. Nice. Thank you Bro. I appreciate your time. Thank


Congratulations. The new movie, Jackpot. Check It out, man. Thank you so much. Thank you bro. You are fucking great at this. Jeez. Awesome. Everyone, make sure you go out and catch Jackpot and screaming globally on prime video All my life. Grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The why. All my life I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice. The why all my life I been grinding all my life.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


You've probably heard a lot about electrified vehicles lately. Well, Toyota has electrified options for every lifestyle We've got hybrids, no plug needed. Let's go. But we also have plug-in hybrids if that's your thing. Woo hoo. You can even go 100% electric in the Toyota BZ four x. With so many options for reducing carbon emissions, Toyota is electrified, diversified. Learn more about our beyond zero vision for the future. At toyota.com/beyond zero.


When it comes to travel bags and backpacks, colorful and unique options are hard to come by. Luckily, baboon to the moon has you covered. Baboon to the moon's bags are made for going places near and far, and for making you the brightest star at baggage claim made. With super durable materials in a limited lifetime warranty, your baboon to the moon bag will join you. For all of life's missed trains, unexpected rain showers, love at first sights and compliments, check them out at baboon to the moon.com. Now get lost and make the world more colorful.