
It doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that with the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's know's home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same Day, valid on eligible in-Stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms. Apply. See lowe's dot com slash same day delivery for details.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now.


He says they're poisoning the blood of America. So what he's saying is, the ideal version of America is a white America. And anytime brown people infiltrate America, they're messing up the blood of America. They're messing up the gene pool of America. And that takes us back to Hitler. That takes us back to eugenics. That takes us back to folks who believe there's a genetic hierarchy that's racially determined That makes superior to the other. Yes. And I just can't imagine it couldn't be me.


A black man voting for somebody who believes so deeply that black men are inferior to him All my life. Grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price won. Slice. Got the brother dice the swat. All my life I been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice my life. I grinding all my life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprietor club Shehe, the guy that's stopping by for conversation and a drink today.


He really needs no introduction, but here we go. He's one of America's most versatile artists. He's one of the most respected and acclaimed singers and songwriters in the music industry. He's one of the most awarded musician of our generation. He's the first African American and the one of the youngest men ever to join the exclusive EGOT Club, which means he's won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar, and a Tony. He's won two Emmy awards, 12 Grammys, an Oscar, an Antonio Award. He's also won the Golden Globe and an NAACP Image Award. He also has a star in the Hollywood Walker of Fame, a writer of some of the most world's most romantic ballads Who We, he's a gold multi-platinum diamond selling artist. Diamonds means he's sold at least 10 million units.


He's in the songwriter's Hall of Fame, a talented, celebrated, accomplished pianist, producer, composer, vocalist, actor, host, poet, entertainer, music inquire director, an international performer, an a-list celebrity, a soulful superstar, a dedicated and global humanitarian, humanitarian, a philanthropist, a gift to the world. A fan favorite, an icon, a savvy businessman. He was a child prodigy. He's a proud dad. He's a loving husband. Let's give it up for the one, the only John Lynch. Shannon. Wow. That introduction, man. Man, I ain't know I was getting an introduction like that, bro. We don't give people what they deserve. We give people what they earn.


All right. And everything that I read off this card, you've earned that. Thank you, sir. So I know you're very busy, John. We've been trying to set this thing up for a better part of the year. I'm Happy to be here, man. I'm a fan. I, Ben, I appreciate that. Yes, I appreciate that. Yes bro. I want to toast you. Say you haven't had my cognac. This is shaped by La Poitier. Here we go. I wanted to toast you for everything that you've done. The great man, the great father, the great dad that you are, and everything you've done to help our community. Cheers brother. Appreciate it. Appreciate you, sir. Oh yeah. I thought good cognac. I thought you was going to you. I took a shot, man. Are we sipping? I, well, I thought, but I clearly we not sipp we not sipping out you.


Let's put a little bit more so during the interview if I need to sip, you know, I have a little sip, man. Man. Alright. I mean, it is a Little early in the morning too, John. It's early, but I was prepared though. You know, I knew I Was prepared. Yeah, yeah. You use, I Had a little food beforehand. Sure. Okay, so we, we Good. Make sure the stomach's lined and everything. Yeah. You know, John, I want to congratulate you on your 11th reading anniversary and I understand how important family is to you. Yeah. Your kids, your wife. And so I went shopping yesterday on Amazon scrolling through. I was like, what? Can you get the person to have everything? So I did come up with a gift. Alright. That I think you'll be very good. You Got the Amazon box? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So I wanted to give you this. I went shop out Amazon.


Oh, this is good. We love this. This is great. Because you know, it's got pictures of my family. Yeah. And it's digital and I'm the yearbook maker in our family, so Oh really? Every year for Mother's Day, I make a yearbook for Chrissy. So I'm always collecting the photos throughout the year right. In a folder on my phone, and then I edit it and send it to my guy. He makes a yearbook every year Wow. For the family. And so this is this, this is exactly, So, so, you know what, so I did pretty good, huh? Yes, Sir. Just right in my alley. Since you are the gift giver, I read that in 2011, you got Chrissy a cookbook and a crockpot does, after being with someone for almost two decades, does it get easier or harder to get gifts?


Well, I've set the bar pretty high for myself. That wasn't the highest bar back then, but, you know, I've gotten her some nice jewelry, but I, I tried to really know what she loves. Right. And I think the more you know somebody, it's actually easier in that sense to get them a gift. But if you continually raise the bar, then you know, you gotta, you got a high bar to jump over. Yeah. Yeah. But lemme ask you this, like okay, obviously like anniversaries and things like that. Yeah. That's a very important So you're not trying to be funny. Yeah. But something like for a birthday. Yeah. Are you like, are you trying to be serious? Are you trying to be funny knowing that she has a, an incredible sense of humor? She does have a sense of humor and, but I like to get her something nice, you know, something special for her birthday, for our anniversary.


And then we also like to just have fun. Right. So I talk to her about what kind of party she wants to have and, and we try to just, you know, do stuff that appeals to her. Sometimes she just wants to sit in her robe and chill. Wow. One time we just had a pajama party at the house, and so I try to like think about what she would actually love. And she don't like a big hoopla a lot of times Really? So she don't like a whole lot of people around. She likes to be a more intimate setting. She's just A more chill person. And if she could get everybody to come over the house and watch Bravo with her and sit in her pajamas, she'd be happy. Right. Now we all know how the meeting took place. You met on the one of your music videos? Yes. Stereo. Did you request her or was the talent agency sent her?


Well, it's funny because the music video wasn't even an official music video. Okay. It was something, my friend Nabil, he's a photographer and now he's a director. But at the time he was just a photographer, but he wanted to show people he could make videos. Okay. And he was like, John, I have this idea to shoot a video for you for this song I really like, and it wasn't a single, so we weren't putting a budget toward that video. And he just decided he wanted to shoot this video. And then he showed me pictures of this model he had just worked with. Okay. And he was like, do you think you want to cast her in the video? Okay. And I was like, yes, I saw the picture. And I was like, yes. See the audition? Yeah. She went, okay. And then so she got cast in the video and then we just hit it off.


Right. Soon as we started working together, we had chemistry and we started hanging out, like literally after the video shoot. And that was 2006, 2000. So it's been 18 years since we met. Right? Yeah. So you, you, okay. You look at, he showed you the book and says, okay, I just worked with this one. I mean, is there someone that you think you could have chemistry with you work with and be worked great on set? Yeah. He's like, yeah, but when did you know? I think I started to know like a year, a little less than a year in, because our relationship started with us not being together in the same place a lot. I was living in New York, she was living in Los Angeles, and then I had to travel all the time.


This is the beginning of my career. This is my second album. Yes. And I'm hustling, like I'm traveling the world. I'm doing everything I need to do to get my career off the ground. And she's, She's modeling, She's modeling in LA and in Miami. And so we're not in the same place a lot, but the more we were together, I'm just like, we have chemistry, she's funny, she's beautiful, she's sexy. We have great, like interactions with each other. She makes me laugh. She makes me have more fun than I would have without her. And I just started to fall in love with her. And that was about a year, like almost a year in where I'm like, okay, I, this is something special. And so, you know, we started to act accordingly and then I didn't propose till 2011, but I knew I was in love before then.


How different is she from the women that you've dated in your past? She's funnier than anyone I've dated before. Right. I always dated beautiful women, but Yeah. Musician and singers always get the beauty. And so, but She was the perfect combination. I'm like, beautiful, cool, funny. She has great values. Yes. As a person. And I felt like we aligned, we're different in a lot of ways, but our yes. Sense of humor aligns. And there's certain things like taste wise where we align and we're on the same page. And then she's different enough to make me have more fun than I would have without her. You know what I'm saying? Correct. Because I'd be, I'm kind of chill. You kinda chill. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I'm kind of chill.


And she's obviously more dynamic and I think having that kind of yin and yang in a relationship is actually good. Right? Yeah. Now a lot of experts says sleeping with someone on the first date Yeah. Is not really conducive for a long-term relationship. Some people Say that, but, But here we are 18, here we are years later here, we're 18 years later, here we are. Why do, why do you think you guys have success now? I've had a conversation with some women and they say, Shannon, the type of women, the type of men that are in the bracket that we're looking at. Yeah. There's a scarcity. Sure. And they're not going to wait. Like, and John, when you and I was growing up, the thought of somebody sleeping on the first night was slim to none. Yeah. You had to wait a month, two months, three months.


Yeah. And they say the women are men aren't waiting because there's so many out there that they can pick from. So a woman says, well, I'm gonna make you wait three months. You might wait, he not waiting. That is true. That is often the case. So Exactly. You might not be ready to do that, but he might be. If he's got options, he might be doing that while you're waiting. Exactly. You waiting, but he's not waiting. Yes.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm a role sponsor. Do you want hotter, more spontaneous sex? Rose Sparks can help sparks offer dual action prescription treatment that's given men stronger and harder. Erections Rose Sparks works faster than other treatments because they're dissolved under the tongue and go directly to the bloodstream. Why does that matter? Because now when the mood is right, he'll be ready. Normal waiting for that pill to kick in. Plus, Rose Sparks stays active in your system for up to 36 hours. But when you get aroused, hey, woo, you'll get hard without waiting. With Rose Sparks, guys can get more confidence in bed, more satisfaction for their partners and more control when it's sexy time, RO connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. There's no awkward conversation with an in-person. Doctor, if approved treatment ships directly to the door to find out if prescription for Ro Sparks are right for you, connect with a provider at ro.co/nightcap url. That's RO dot seal slash nightcap. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law, but are not FDA approved. For full safety information, visit ro.co/info


So people call you for relationship goals. John, how did that make you feel? Because like you said, you waited five years and, but now you seem to be the standard of of, of this young healthy relationship. You're so happy you got this loving family and you do post a lot of your, you know, your ups, you had some, some tragedy, some Yeah. Some trials and tribulations in your life. Yeah. But you'll share that. Yeah. How does that make you feel that you being so young, it's not like y'all been married 50 years, John. Yeah. You know, I feel like sometimes you hear folks talk like, oh man, relationships are such hard work. And Chrissy and I will watch people say that. And if that's your story, if that's your experience, then that's what it is.


But for us, it is really not hard work for us to be together. And, and there's challenges that we've had, like tragedies that we've had to deal with together, miscarriage and other tragedies we've had to deal with together. But us, me and her, like it's never actually been that hard for us to be in a relationship. And I think the reason why is it starts with a mutual respect and being with somebody you actually like and like to be around and respect and enjoy their company, enjoy their sense of humor, like I said before, like we are really compatible even though we're different, we're really compatible and we have a good time together.


And I think there are things you need to do to make sure you maintain that, which is being honest and trustworthy, being a person of good character, a good parent, a good co-parent taking responsibility together. So there's certain things you have to do that are work, but I feel like if you are a person of character and you're with somebody that you love and respect, it shouldn't be such hard work to stay together. You mentioned you guys have been together for 18 years, you have 11, you just had celebrated your 11th wedding anniversary, so that means there are some time in between Yeah. That you guys weren't husband and wife. Sure. What took you so long? Because a lot of times, a lot of times women say, Hey, I'm gonna give him a year.


I'm gonna give him two years. If he ain't ask me the questions, I'm moving on. Well, you gotta think we were younger then. So you know, I'm 45 now, but 18 years ago I was still in my late twenties. Yeah. She was in her early twenties when I met her. She was 20 years old. And so like, she wasn't like, oh, I need to get married right away. Right. So we're, you know, we're still young and we didn't feel like there was a rush to get married. Wow. Yeah. And she was patient. You were patient, you're like, yeah, But we were enjoying life. It wasn't like she was waiting for a ring. It was like we were actually enjoying being together. And when I proposed, she was still a little surprised when I really, when I proposed, I proposed, we were on vacation, lake Como in the Maldives mal.


We got married at Lake Como and we were on vacation and the Maldives when I proposed, and it was around Christmas time and She had no idea. She had no idea. And I was trying to keep it a secret and I had gotten a ring and everything and I had been working on it for a few months and I was like, I'm gonna wait till Christmas time when we go on this trip. And I had the ring in my backpack and it was a very like, nondescript package, but it was in a box, like a, just a regular brown box, smaller version of this Amazon box. And so I'm going through the airport and you know, to go to the Maldives at the time you had to fly through Colombo, Sri Lanka, which is right by the Maldives near India.


So we're going through the airport in Colombo and the, the TSA equivalent there wants to look through my bag. Y'all about to ruin it, bro. Yes. So I'm like, the box is in there. And I was like, they're gonna make me propose here in this airport, they're gonna open this box here in the airport. And I was just looking at 'em like, don't open it, don't open, don't open it. And they didn't open it. Wow. And we get to the resort, we're there for a while, and on our last night there, right before Christmas, I had them set it up.


So they bring it out with dessert, bring the ring out with dessert. They covered it up with some, I didn't ask 'em to do this, but they did it anyway. They covered it up with like some lettuce, like it was some leaves. Don don't even know what plant it was, but it was leaves on top of the box. Right. And then the box is uncovered and she is like, you know, she was in shock. Right. She, she didn't expect it. Yeah. Were you nervous? Like how long had you been thinking like, okay, this, this is the one Yeah. This is the woman that I want to be the mother of my kids. Yeah. This is the woman I want to spend the rest of my life with. Yeah. How long did that process, how long were you thinking about popping this question and were you nervous? You know, I felt like probably a few years in that I was probably gonna marry her, but I, I didn't feel any sense of like urgency.


Like I had to propose like right away. But we were, we were together, we were living together, we were together. And I assumed we were gonna be together forever. But then eventually I was like, you know, it's time. Like I need to propose. And so I think there was a mentally preparing for that, probably for like nine months and then shopping for the ring probably for a few months, getting it all together. And then Christmas time I was like, it's time when You, when you were discussing like Chrissy, you know, you know, obviously she knew who you were. Yeah. And you're like, you want kids. Okay, where do you see yourself in five years? Yeah. Where do you see yourself in 10 years? Do you want to get married? Do you want one kid? Do you want any kids? Do you want five kids?


You want a a basket football team? How, what were those conversations like John? She's always wanted four kids. Four, okay. Yeah. And I grew up in a family of four kids. Yes. I'm the second of four kids. I had two brothers and one sister. I have two brothers and one sister. And so four sounded good to me. And so we were on the same page with four kids. And you know, she loves to cook, she loves to have people over the house. And her dream has always been, I want to have grandkids. I want to have a family where every Sunday they come over to the house, we cook for 'em, we spend time together. You know, Jewish families have Shabbat on Friday nights. Yeah. And then a lot of Christian families on Sunday.


Right. Like Sunday dinner after church, get together after church. And that's what we did in my family. And Chrissy's just has always dreamt of Sunday dinner with the family. And she wants that kind of family where everybody feels like the door's open and the kids can always come back home and hang out with us and bring the grandkids when that's time. And she's always wanted that kind of family. And she didn't grow up in that kind of family. She grew up in a small family and she always wanted that. And I was used to that. Right. That was the way I grew up. I grew up with a big family. My mother's one of six, my father's one of five, and we all live near each other in Springfield, Ohio or in the surrounding area. And so I was used to that kind of energy, you know?


Right. Our Christmases, our Thanksgivings, our Sunday dinners, like we just have family all the time. And so I'm used to that and then Chrissy wanted that and I'm like, let's go. Let's do It. Springfield Ohio. Yes. Are the Haitians still eating The castle? Oh my lord. You know, y'all, if y'all saw my, y'all saw my Instagram video and you know, if you watch the debate, you saw President Trump saying some slander about the people from Haiti that live in my hometown. Right. And what's so awful about what he said was, one, it's not true. So to be clear, there's been no, that Is factually incorrect Complaints from the local residents that Haitians are doing anything like what they've been accused of to their legal immigrants to the country.


They came here on protected status and then three, it's a success story. The reason why they're in Springfield is because there are more jobs available than there used to be. Springfield was shrinking for years. When I grew up there, there were only, there were 75,000 people. At its peak, it was around 80,000 people. And lately before this boom in the economy and the opportunity there, it went down to 58,000 people. Wow. So the city was withering and there was a lack of opportunity and people were leaving. And the reason why these Haitians were attracted to the city was because there were jobs there that needed to be filled.


And that's a good thing, great thing. It's a great thing that these manufacturing jobs and and opportunities are there for folks that weren't there before. And


it doesn't Matter what plays you call, if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that with the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's knows home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same Day. Valid on eligible in-Stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms apply See lows.com/same day delivery. For details


This fall, watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply


Periods. No one really loves talking about that time of the month. But at Nix KNIX, well it's always that time of the month because as the number one leak proof brand in America, managing your period in comfort and style is all we do. We've created an amazing line of super comfy, super leak-proof period undies. You need to see and feel to believe these underwear look, feel, and machine wash just like regular underwear, but feature hidden protection technology that can absorb from one to 14 regular tampons worth of liquid so you feel dry, comfy, and free all day long. Millions have already made the switch to Nix and now you can too. Just go to nicks.com and get 15% off with promo code. Get 15, that's KNI x.com promo code. Get 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. Again, that's KNI x.com promo code get 15.


Yes. There's some difficulty whenever you have folks that come from a different country. Right. Speak a different language, have a different culture, and they move to your city and that's fine. But the folks in Springfield are dealing with it. We have a Republican mayor in Springfield, he's dealing with it. We've got a Republican governor in Ohio, he's dealing with it. Everybody's cool. And they're like, we don't need y'all coming in lying, Stirring up Stuff, stirring up stuff. They had bomb threats at the school. They had all kinds of nastiness. KKK marching in the street. All this is caused by Trump and Vance lying, stirring up division and creating a problem that wasn't the kind of problem that they created.


Right. John? I went to your concert about a year ago. Yeah. And a lot of what we're gonna talk about today, because I think you do a very good job a lot of times before you play a song. Yeah. You'll tell the origins of that. Yeah. You will tell what I was thinking where I was and the place and how it came to be. Sometimes you do it afterwards. And what I wanted to ask you, because you have a, a very fondness of your father. Yeah. And I want to know how much of the father you are is a direct tie to the father that he Oh, it's directly related to him. One, I think I inherited a lot of his personality, so I'm a lot like him. Okay. And I think I'd be like him anyway because I'm, we're just built the same way. So that's one thing.


But I was able to, one, my father stressed the importance of character with us and he was intentional about teaching us what it meant to be a good human being, person of character, person of responsibility, person of integrity and honesty. Someone that is trustworthy and dependable and accountable. All these things. He taught us what it meant to be a good man. And so he taught us that. And my mother was a great mother as well, but she, after her mother died, she was dealing with mental health issues and then addiction issues. And so she was out of our lives for a while. So he had to be a single father for a while. And the way he stepped up to that occasion, knowing that he had to do it by himself with help from our extended family, but he had to do it by himself.


Seeing him do that and step up to the plate for us and always be there for us and show us what it meant to be a good man. I'll always honor him for that and always look up to him for that. And I always say he's my role model when it comes to being a good father. I remember you telling the story. Yeah. In case you guys don't know, this man is a prodigy. He was homeschooled early on. He got bumped up two grades, I think he graduated at the age of 15. 16. 16 From high school. Yeah. Enrolled in college at the age of 16. And you had a, you had the ideal life. Two parent household kids church going Yeah. Your mom was the choir director from mistaken Choir. Choir Director. Yes. Your grand your, your grandmother played the organ.


Yeah. Your father was a hardworking man, but he was in the church also. You grew guys grew up in the church and everything was perfect. Yeah. Your grandmother, your maternal grandmother passed, which is is your mom's mom. Yeah. And it shook the foundation of the legend family. Yeah. And, and my mother and her mother were very close. Yes. So they, like you said, you know, one's the choir director, one's the organist, that means every choir rehearsal they're together. Yes. Leading the choir. They spent a lot of time together. They were very close. And it was shocking when my grandmother died, she was only 58 years old. Mm. And she had heart failure and it really threw my mother, it threw her, and we lost her for a while.


Like, we lost her for like 10 solid years. She was out of our lives and she went to a dark place and it was because she couldn't handle it when her mother passed away. And it really did shake our whole family. This happened when I was around 10 or 11 years old. And so I started going to public school for the first time after my mother wasn't able to homeschool us anymore. And she was out of our lives for a while. How difficult was that for you, John? Because there's one thing. Okay. Your mom, let's just say you in Ohio Springfield. Ohio. Yeah. And your mom's in Detroit? She's in Chicago. She's in New York. She's a thousand miles away. Right. But if I'm not mistaken, your mom was in the same city. She Was in the same same city. But I was avoiding like, You avoid, you avoid or she avoided.


I Didn't want to see her. Oh. Because it was hard. Yes. It's hard to see your mother like struggling, struggling with addiction and, and like, she was so beautiful and, and so vibrant and so talented. She was singing at events all the time and, and just gorgeous. And then to see that light go from her and to see her addicted to drugs, it was very hard for me to see her. And so I avoided seeing her and focused on everything else but her. Right. Because it was too hard for me to see her. How did you stay focused knowing that your mom is going through something and there's something that there's, you can't do anything about it. Yeah. She's gonna have to try to figure this out on her own. But you realize there's a bigger calling for John Legend.


Yeah. At the time John Steve was there. Yeah. But it became, Well they, they gave us a great foundation. Okay. So my mother and father, them homeschooling us and giving us the foundation that they gave us, it actually made it so that we were able to cope better. Okay. Once she was gone, that doesn't mean it was easy, it was easy, but at least, you know, they had put so much time and preparation and, and intention into raising us to be good young people. That there was still that after effects of that lingering after she was gone. And then my dad did great work. And then I think our extended family did great work too. I had uncles and aunts that were near us that, you know, were part of our support system. You, you know, they say it takes a village.


We had a village around us and, and then I had a counselor at my high school that was a black man and I went to a majority white school. And ma majority of the adults at the school were white as well. But there was one black man that was a counselor and he took a special interest in me and my family and he just mentored me neither. My parents graduated from college. So it was good to have somebody who was a college graduate that was mentoring me, who was a black man that looked like me and, and, and cared about my future and didn't want me to slip through the cracks. And then I think because of what was going on with my parents and with my mother, it just kind of made me want to focus on something else.


And music and school were the things I focused on. Right. How difficult was it being homeschooled? I mean, did you have a whole lot of friends? I mean, you say your brothers and sisters were homeschooled Yeah. But after school was over, I mean, I don't know what time, what, how homeschooling work. Yeah. Are you, like, you get five hours of homeschooling. Did you go out to play with friends? Yeah. That's close by or, so We grew up in a neighborhood with a lot of kids. Okay. And I grew up in a neighborhood with a lot of my cousins. Okay. Not too far from me. And so we would go in the backyard or around the corner and play football with them and basketball. And so we had a, a, a really nice family network around us, but I was a little shy, like socially you're not as used to dealing with a lot of different new people if you don't go to school.


And so when I finally went to public school, I was shy man. And the only reason that I integrated into like the social life of the school was music. Because if there was a talent show, if there was a choir, if there was any opportunity for me to sing, I knew I could sing. Right. And so that was the one way that I found it to like introduce myself to people. Oh, that's the one who can sing. That's the young guy. Right. Who's two grades ahead, but he can sing, you know what I'm saying? And so I would get to school and that was my way of introducing myself to people. Even when I went to college, I was still two years younger than everybody. And I was also from kind of a, a background that wasn't typical of a kid at, at the University of Pennsylvania. Correct.


So a lot of those kids were east coast kids. They went to fancy private schools. A lot of them come from money. And I'm coming there from a blue collar family, from a small city in Ohio. And I had every reason to feel like I'm not one of them. I don't belong. And, and music was my only way of like, making myself, making myself feel a part of things and including in things. You said that you're two years younger, so you go to high school, what you were, you were 12 years old, a freshman in high school. My Nickname was Doogie Housing. You go to college, you grad, you go to college, you're 16 years of age. Yeah. So how diff how difficult was it? Because first of all, the upperclassmen don't want to deal with freshmen that are 14.


Exactly. Let alone dealing with one that's 12 years Old. Exactly. When I went to college, I lied about my age. I, I didn't even lie that hard. Like I was 16 and I said I was 17, so I didn't, I didn't want to feel like I was too much of a freak being there like Right. So I just inched it up one year just so it didn't seem odd that I was there. I was just a little young. But John, when you, when people look at you, I mean, you are an adult now. I can imagine someone your size back then. Yeah. You look young. Yeah. And it, what, like you and I'm, I'm five 10 now. Like when I was in high school, I was four 11 when I started high school. What A four, 11, 12-year-old. I was tiny man. And, and you know, I was just behind in every like obviously I'm, I'm like 12 years old.


Everybody else is 14. Right. And so it's just, it wasn't easy. No. Did you, did you play sports in high school or was was was school was school music was that I'm a terrible athlete, Shannon. Now I love sports. Right. Like I watch sports. I I watch you all the time and I played all the time with my cousins and with my brothers. But when it came to organized sports, the last time I played organized sports was basketball in elementary school. And since then I played for fun all the time. But I was never good enough. And also when you're two years younger Yes. Like you're physically just behind everybody. Right. And so I didn't have a chance And they don't take that into account.


Yeah. Matter. They don't care. They don't care. You're a freshman, you're a, they're freshman. Like you're being measured on the same, you know, you, You are absolutely right. Yeah. And you, we were telling, you were telling the story that you and your dad are a lot a light. Yeah. And he gave you the foundation to become the man that you became Yeah. And become the father that you become. Yeah. So obviously he had to deal with something his wife of Yeah. A long period of time went through a bout of depression. Yeah. And he kinda lost it for a while. They ended up remarrying and we'll get to that. Yeah. So when your situation, Chrissy is struggling to have kids. Yeah. Was that the time that you leaned back and you thought about like, my dad, how would my dad out of this situation? Yeah. You know, I really, I think part of my journey has been forgiving my mother and learning that when trauma happens to people, when events happen in their lives, sometimes it's hard for them to recover and they go through mental health struggles and people that are in their family, the people that they love, they need to have some grace with them and help them through that.


And so whenever Christy struggled with anything, I think I did learn from what happened with my mother. And she's also learned from what happened with her mother too. Mm. Because when her mother's mother died, she actually went through a similar thing where she disappeared from the family. She went back to Thailand, spent some time with her family there, and Chrissy lost her mom for a while after her mother's mother died. And so we've both been through a similar sense of loss of not having our mothers in our lives for a while and seeing what their response was to their mother's dying. And so I think we've both learned from that and we know we need to like double up when it comes to the energy and support that we give each other when we're going through tough times.


You realize, I mean, you guys started dating, she like, she wants four kids, you want four kids? But it wasn't that easy. If I'm not mistaken, I think three of the four kids IVF used. Yeah. And the fourth was a surrogate, well Actually four of five were IVF. Okay. And the only kid we conceived naturally was the one we lost baby jack. Oh. So all the rest of our kids are conceived through IVF. Yeah. So that's tough. Yeah. That's tough for, for a mom to have to go through that. Yeah. Obviously it is tough on you. So John, when you, when you have to console your wife because you know how bad she wanted this child. Yeah. What did, what, what are you saying?


How do you, like Chris says, I'm sorry, there's not enough. I'm sorry. There's not enough. And the the thing you gotta realize is you're not gonna solve the problem in that moment. And you know, I'm a, I'm a person that likes to solve the problem. Yes. Like I'm very like, I wanna solve it. I wanna fix it. And sometimes you gotta realize you can't fix it. Right. You're just gonna have to live in it for a while and you're gonna get through it, but you can't fix it all, all, all, all of a sudden there's no magical words you can say to fix it. But you need to be there, you need to be supportive. Right. And you need to work together to get through it. Right. Also that she had a life saving abortion. Yeah. Is that why you are so adamant?


Oh yeah. About the situation with the, that the woman have the Right, it's her body, her choice. Yeah. And Roe v Wade, what made you so upset that it got overturned after 50 plus years? Absolutely. Now I was always pro-choice actually not always. I grew up in the church and we were taught that, you know, we were supposed to be pro-life when I was growing up in the church. Right. But as soon as I became an adult, I just realized that we need that choice. We don't need the government telling us what to do and women don't need the government telling them what to do with their bodies. And life is complicated. And there are all kinds of reasons why people might want or need an abortion.


Right. And the government has no place in that decision. But then when we went through all these fertility struggles and then had a miscarriage, it made it even more clear to me how personal everything that happens in that room with your O-B-G-Y-N everything that happens in that room is private and it's so intensely personal and intensely physical. A woman feels every aspect of this thing a birth forcing them to carry something for nine months that they don't want a government doing that. That's crazy to me. Yeah. And then what people don't realize is when you say, oh, I'm fine with it as long as it's, you know, up to 15 weeks.


Like people that have an abortion after 15 weeks, almost always they wanted to keep the baby. But there's some kind of complication that came up that they have to have an abortion. Right. So my wife, she was well past 15 weeks when she had to have an abortion, she was miscarrying and bleeding out and all these things were happening to her, Her life was in danger, Her life was in danger. And for the government to say, oh we need to evaluate this to make sure you're sufficiently dying before you can have an abortion. That's what they're saying. Right. In Texas and in Georgia and in all these states where they have Trump abortion bans, they're saying we need to, the government needs to evaluate Whether, you are sufficiently dying before you can have an abortion.


Not your doctor, not you and your family. Right. The government, no. Stay out of it. Right. Let these women, let them and their families and their doctors make these decisions. We don't need the government to be involved in it. And if the government's involved, that means the police and the district attorney are involved. Correct. In medical decisions. That's crazy. Right. It's crazy. I agree. And, and overturning Roe versus Wade Trump wants to claim credit for it, but at the same time be like, I just put it with the states. Oh no, you put it with the states of Texas, of states of Georgia, Georgia, Southern states largest Midwest, Alabama of, you know, you put it with these states and, and by the way, that's where most black women live in the south, in southern States.


In the south. So that means the majority of black women are in regimes that would rather possibly let them die before giving them the lifesaving treatment that they need. You also, one of your sons has type one diabetes, correct? Yes. Mine. He, he got, he got diagnosed. Yeah. How's that? How's that going? He's going good. You know, obviously we have the resources and, and the support we need to take care of him and you know, one of the things that I think about when I think about politics is the role that parents play in their lives. What it means to have a health concern with your kid.


And we are very fortunate we have the resources to take care of it. Correct. But insulin used to be expensive and it's still expensive if you're not a senior. And the one of the reasons I vote for Kamala Harris is because she's already limited the cost of insulin for seniors and they're working to limit it for everyone below. Right. Senior citizen status. So these kinds of things directly impact people's lives all around the country. And like I said, we can afford it, but most people can't. Correct. And so when people have these kind of medical issues they need to deal with, this is important. And by the way, Obamacare made it so that if you have a preexisting condition, They couldn't deny it.


Which type one diabetes would be a preexisting position. So if my son grew up and tried to get insurance under the old regime, he wouldn't have been able been able to get it. 'cause they'd be like, nah, we know he's gonna cost us money. Or if It'd be or if it'd be so high he couldn't afford it. Yeah, Exactly. It would be so high he couldn't afford it. And so the fact that they make it impossible for you to discriminate against people with preexisting conditions is life saving and life changing for a lot of people. And the only reason you can do that is you increase the pool of people who are insured so that the healthy people help pay for the sick people. And so you have to have them in the same pool. And that's, that was the genius of Obamacare, right? That it did that and it made it so they couldn't discriminate against people who have the pre-existing condition.


Will there ever be a situation where he won't have, will he be a, could he possibly get healthy enough John, where he wouldn't have to take insulin? You know, I just had a conversation with his doctor today and she said that's possible. And by the way, technology keeps improving when it comes to diabetes care. And so I I I hope for a day when he doesn't need to be on insulin, but for now he does. And lots of people do and it over indexes with black and brown people. Right. And so we needed a, a system where it's more affordable for everybody. How did you, how did you know, how did the doctors find out that he was he was diabetic? Well, he got sick. He was at football camp. He was at football camp and the whole camp got sick.


So it was something in the, the food or the drink that they were having and everybody got this disease. It's kind of like salmonella, it's called Ella. Okay. And so everybody got sick and he went to the hospital. We didn't know what it was at the time, but he was one of the first people that got sick. But the whole, almost the whole camp got sick. So he goes there and they're like, oh, his blood sugar's really elevated. Maybe it's because of the infection, but maybe he actually has high blood sugar. And they kept testing him and they did a resting blood sugar after a while and they just were like, yeah, he's consistently elevated his A one t's higher than norm.


It Doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that with the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's knows home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same day. Valid on eligible in-stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms apply See lows.com/same day delivery. For details


This fall, watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.9 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply


Periods. No one really loves talking about that time of the month. But at Nix KNIX, well it's always that time of the month because as the number one leakproof brand in America managing your period in comfort and style is all we do. We've created an amazing line of super comfy, super leakproof period undies. You need to see and feel to believe these underwear look, feel, and machine wash just like regular underwear, but feature hidden protection technology that can absorb from one to 14 regular tampons worth of liquid so you feel dry, comfy, and free all day long. Millions have already made the switch to K Nix and now you can too. Just go to nix.com and get 15% off with promo code. Get 15, that's k ni x.com promo code. Get 15 for 15% off life-changing period underwear. Again, that's KNI x.com promo code get 15, come On.


And so we think he has type one and so we started going down the path. Wow. Last year you celebrated your 10th year reading anniversary and you went back to Lake Como. Yes. You and the kids. Yes. And Chrissy, why was that important for you to go back there? It was, well first of all we loved our wedding and we had such a beautiful time there. We fell in love at Lake Como. So one of our first vacations together was at Lake Coma and I was, that's when I was like, oh, I, this, I'm feeling that like it, it, I, it felt different. And so I was like, this is where we fell in love and this is a beautiful magical place. If anybody can afford to go there, I suggest you do it. Right. So we got married there and as we were coming on this first big milestone 10 years, we have four kids now.


And we were like, we wanna do it again with this bigger family. And also we have people in our lives that we're really close to now that we weren't close to back then. And so it's, it is nice to like Let you share that moment, include Them into this moment too. And then when we did it, we were so happy we did it because we basically did a lot of the, the same things we did before. We had it at the same venue and we had the same planner. But the biggest difference was having the kids there. You got four kids now, still four Kids there. And we started crying when we pulled up to the venue and the kids are right there to greet us.


That was, that like sent us right there, man. It was so special having that moment, celebrating this milestone together. Everything we've been through as a couple and then seeing the product of our love right there in front of us. It was beautiful. Man. You saying I don't love you like I used to at the event. Yeah. What did that song mean to you? So That song is from my album Legend and we wrote that song because the title's kind of provocative. It's like, I don't love you like a what? I'm like, I'm like, hold on, it's A breakup Song. Song. Am I reading this correctly? Exactly. I Don Love you. Like I used to. I'm like, what? Yeah. And and the whole idea once you listen to the lyric is that it's stronger now, right? It's better now. It's deeper. Yes.


It's more Tested. I love you more than I used to. It's, It's more tested and when you're tested through challenge and trials and all the situations you go through together as a family, it's, it's something deeper and stronger. And that's what the song's really about. Wow. And it's a perfect song for anniversary, you know, 20 year anniversary of Get Lifted. Yeah. That was your debut Album. Yes sir. How were you able to come out the gate so strong? Yeah. You know, I think a lot of things came together at once. First of all, you know, it was a great time for me and Kanye to meet. So we met in 2001. We were both unsigned at the time, but he had just started producing with Jay-Z and the folks at Rockefeller Records.


And when we started working together, I just found that our chemistry, our combination of different skills and different influences when it came together, it worked. Yes. And we made music that was really interesting and different and special. And then he had just come out with College Dropout in February of 2004. So being signed to his production company and then being the first artist that came out under his production company, it was a great setup. So he's already succeeding. And I got signed almost right after his debut album came out. 'cause all labels that had turned us down before. No, they turned us down and it was the same demo, but when his album came out sold 400,000 copies the first week.


Oh it sounded a lot better. Right. The demo sounded a lot better. So we played the same demo for him, but all of a sudden it sounded better. Right. And then multiple labels wanted to sign me and all of them had turned me down before. And so it would cost you a little more now. Yeah, it cost him a little more. So signed with Columbia. But the setup was already really nice because of what happened with Yay. And so his album came out in February. I got signed in May. My first single Used to Love You came out in August. But then Ordinary People came out right around when the album came out in December. And Ordinary People was the song that really put you on, put me on the map. So you gotta remember during this period, like nothing sounding like this on black radio.


It was by itself. Like when it came on, it made people stop. People tell me all the time I stopped the car, I was like, what is this? 'cause it didn't sound like anything else on the radio and it stood out as special. And that really became my signature. Like I'm going to sing that heartfelt, honest song about love. A lot of times it's just stripped down me in the piano and I'm gonna tell it like it is in this song and voice the things that people have a hard time voicing in their own words. And they're gonna use my song to do it. And so that's been my signature ever since. But Ordinary People was the thing that really established that.


And it was the first station that played, it was WGCI in Chicago, and it wasn't even being marketed as the single yet. When they started playing it, we had a sampler out and we put Used to Love You Ordinary People as full songs and this in the, in the CD era. So we hand out CDs with, with Ordinary People used to Love You as the full songs, and then snippets of three other songs before my album came out. So we would give that to, to folks at my shows, but also give it to radio stations. And we were telling them to play Used To Love You and some of them were playing it, but Ordinary People, WGCI was like, oh, we playing other songs. We're playing Ordinary People. And it became a hit in Chicago and then it started to spread to other black radio stations around the country.


And then it crossed over some, but mostly it was a black radio phenomenon and it really put me on the map and changed my life. Is it true now? Like I said, at the concert at the Hollywood Bowl? Yeah. You were telling the story that it was originally WR written Yes. On Black Eye Peas? Yeah. So me and Will, I am, we had the same manager at the time and we had written together before we wrote, she Don't Have To Know, which is On Get Lifted. We had written songs for the Black Eye Peas and we had a nice rapport. So whenever he was working on the new album, he's like, John, come by. Let's write some songs. And so he would just play beats and I would just hum whatever came to my head and we'd try to write some hooks for the black ips.


And Ordinary People started as a hook that I wrote for them over a hip hop beat. But a couple days later I was like, you can keep every other idea we wrote, but I, I think I want to keep Ordinary People. And I was like, I think it'll work better actually as a ballad. I think so. And, And so I was on the road with Kanye in Europe and every sound check, I would write more of the verses to Ordinary People. I finished it on the road with him and then I came back home to the States and recorded it and I recorded it as a demo and I was like, well, you can produce it. I'm just gonna record the piano and the vocal. And the more we all listened to it, we were like, let's just leave the demo alone.


So the version that eventually made the album was just the piano vocal demo that I was sending to Will originally just as a, as a demo for him to produce up and arrange and put, you know, whatever he was gonna put on it. But it ended up sounding better, just stripped down. So we just left it that way. Is it true Ordinary People or was about the situation that your family had gone through because your mom and dad, they separated. They had gotten back together Yes. And we're saying we're just Ordinary People. Yeah. We don't know which way to go. And, and I wasn't in like a serious relationship at the time, so I wasn't speaking from direct personal experience in my own relationship. I was still like a bachelor doing my thing, having fun. But my parents, I had seen the ups and downs with them and that was really directly informing what I was writing.


Ordinary People. Wow. Now you, you've mentioned Kanye and I don't know Kanye from this glass of water here. Yeah. But I know he seems like a perfectionist is that everything has to be lined up. Yeah. Or, or it's not, it's not getting out the door. Yeah. How is his writing his style of doing things different than yours? We're different, but I, I feel like us together works really well because we have different strengths. Okay. And he's such a great producer, a great beat maker, and he is also just exceptionally creative. Like his mind. It goes all over the place. Yes. And he's created visually. So he directed the video for Ordinary People.


Wow. And you know, he's a fashion designer. Yes. He's, he's a, a director. He's a visionary. And, and so he just came with different strengths than what I came with. Now I'm a great songwriter, obviously I'm a pianist, I'm a musician. I have more theoretical understanding of music. And so we just came at it with different abilities. I came from Gospel and soul. He came from hip hop. And so I think us coming together just complimented each other and it worked really well. Is this around the time? I think it was someone in his group. Your name was John Stevens. And it was like, come on, legend. Give us, give us, give us that beat.


Come on. Legend. Come. Hey, they kept calling you John Legend J Ivy. So J Ivy, he's a spoken word artist. He makes records himself. He's a great human being and a great artist himself. But he, if you listen back to never let me down on College Dropout. Right. He did a verse on there and he was hanging out with us. We were in LA mostly when we were making College Dropout at record Plant. And he was at some of the sessions, he started calling me the Legend. And eventually that morphed into John Legend. And I didn't think I was really gonna become John Legend, you know, as a stage name. I've been John Stevens my whole life. Right. I wasn't, you know, I didn't think there was anything wrong with my name as a stage name, but eventually enough people were calling me that I started thinking about it and part of me is like, how you gonna call yourself a legend?


You don't even have a record do you? Part of me said that. But the other part was like, you know what if I call myself this, it's going to like, it's gonna make people pay attention to What I do. Yes. Yes. And it is a great stage name in the sense that it makes people take notice. Yeah. And, and then the only thing I had to do was try to live up to it once they took notice. And so my goal was don't fuck this up. Right. Like, if you gonna call yourself this, you better come. Correct. You better be a legend. Yeah. Right. And so that, and my whole career, I feel like part of my mission is to, to make sure I live up to this name that was given to me before I even earned it.


Now a lot of people don't know there was a gentleman had the name John Ledger. So Yes, because you Yeah. You told the story. Tell this story. I Don don't know if a lot of people know this story so, Well, first of all, y'all, if you understand, Shannon's been to my show and for the last two years I've been doing this show where I tell stories Yes. About my life and, and all these things. So he learned a lot. He did his homework. And, and so anybody that's been to my show knows the story, but a lot of people haven't been. So, so as soon as we decide, you know, I'm going with John Legend as a name, I started going to record labels introducing myself that way and, and I got signed and they understood that they were putting out a record with John Legend.


But eventually my lawyer's like, oh by the way, we need to trademark John Legend as a name. And so when you start trademarking, the key with trademark is if you're in the same business, you can't have a name that's too much like somebody else's name because you, you could confuse people. Right. Okay. So they start researching to see if there's any other musicians named Johnny Legend or John Legend. And they find a guy named Johnny Legend and he's mainly a porn producer. That was his like main day job. But he also made music on the side and he had records like Rockabilly records. And so you could theoretically go into a record store and find a Johnny Legend record and if there's a John Legend record, it could be confusing to somebody and he could have a case to say, yo, this guy stole my name.


So we had to find him and negotiate with him so that he's Johnny Legend, I'm John Legend and we're not gonna sue each other. And we broke him off a little money and said, we're doing this so that you won't come back and sue him later. And you're Johnny Legend. He's John Legend. And we've had no, no Problem. This you also was telling the story that on everything is everything with Laury Hill. That's you on the piano. Yeah. How many people before you started telling this story at your show, how many people actually knew that that was you on the piano? Oh, they didn't know. Unless they saw me doing a Deep Cut interview or something like that.


You know, there's a lot of songs that I was a part of and I do a whole little segment during my show where I'm like, you do, I bet you didn't know this was me. I sang backup on Alicia Keys. Yep. And, and co-wrote American Boy for Estelle. So a lot of hit songs that you didn't know I was a part of, I was a part of. And yeah. So that was, you know, in the beginning of my career where I'm paying my dues and just getting in on sessions and doing what I could do, even though I knew I wanted to be a solo artist and, and make it as a singer songwriter, I got in where I fe fit in and I was doing this and doing that and trying to get on any record I could. I think you said you got $500 for That $500. And was that Columbia Records?


Columbia Records so That you ended up signing with So The same label I ended up signing with by coincidence was the label that put out Miseducation Lauryn Hill. Right. And my first appearance on a major record was getting $500 to play piano for Lauryn Hill. And it was the same label that ended up signing me for a lot more than 500. Yeah. I need restitution, I Need, I want my restitution for that.


The NBA is finally back and new season mean new ways to get into the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA who's draining threes from beyond the A who's crashing the boards and grabbing rebounds. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as picking your team to win. Go to Draftking Sports book app and place your bet first time. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. Instantly take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


Apple Music ranked Miseducation the best album of all time. It was also the first ever hip hop album to win album of the year at the Grammys. Yeah. And remains Lauryn Hill's only solo album to date. Are you surprised that she hasn't put out a sophomore project or junior project or a senior project that that's It. Well I think we'd all love to hear what's on her mind now. You know, and that album was so impactful for, for so many people, especially artists like myself. So not just 'cause I was on it and, and that was big too, but during that time, so I'm a young soulful artist who's being influenced by gospel r and b, classic soul hip hop.


And to have Miseducation of Laury Hill come out, just as I'm starting to form my own vision of what I wanna be as an artist, it was so influential to me and so influential to so many young artists at that time. It was, it was like the the prototype for what like a new soulful hip hop record could be. And so we were looking to her as like the prototype for what we should sound like and we all would love to hear more, but you know, for some reason it just hasn't happened. Right. What was she like in the studio? She was very vibrant, very creative, very collaborative.


It was only that one night where we were in the studio together, we ended up making another record together, a remix to so high from my first album, but we weren't in the studio together. When she did her part on it, I did it with Wyclef, he produced it and then he produced her session. So I wasn't in the studio with her the second time. And the only other time I was in the studio with her was auditioning for her band. Right. So the first time I was in the studio was playing piano and everything is everything. And that was just impromptu, I was just hanging out. And during a break when they were writing songs, they was Like, you play, My friend was like, Johnny, get over there and show her you can play. So I get over there sitting on the piano and sing a couple songs and she's like, why don't you play on the record we're working on now?


And that was everything is everything. And I didn't know what was gonna happen. I didn't know if they were gonna use what I did on there. But a few months later I got the call from the label and they were like, we need to know how to spell your name for the credits and how much do you want? Million. But last name is millions. And then Did you know that song was gonna do what it did? No. I didn't know the album was, but I think there was a lot of expectation around her because the Fujis had already had A huge, Huge hit with the score. So the score had come out in 96 and killing me softly was the biggest hit from that. And so everybody's like the girl that sings, we need to hear her do a whole album together, do a whole album by herself. And so everybody was wondering when she was gonna go solo and Wycliffe had done the carnival and, and then Lauren was about to put out Miseducation, Lauryn Hill.


So there was a lot of expectation around it, but you never know how it's gonna do. And then when it comes out it's just like epic. Yeah, it's classic. It's immediately world changing when it comes out and I was just proud to be a part of it. Right. Yeah. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to club She she profile and I'll see you there.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh, stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. Check out bowls.com.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.