
Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone in a year. Any condition, it's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S Note or Z Series, smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/samsung or visit at t store for details.


I remember when I started making money, my worst purchase, because I didn't want spring for a Lamborghini, right? So I bought a fake one. Oh my Goodness. They tried to stiff me outta the car. I had to ask some friends who knew how to find things to go and find things. The car finally shows up after two years from me of waiting. It doesn't go into gear. Nothing runs. The car is not roadworthy. So I sent it to a shop. This is 2005. I just got the keys to that car a week ago. What All my life, grinding all my life. Sacrificed hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the bro, the dice, the swat. All my life I be grinding all my life.


Grinding life sacrifice, hustle, slice. Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Sheha. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. The guy that's stopping by for conversation on a drink today is one of the greatest and most popular wrestlers and of all time. He's been a WWE e megastar for over 20 years. He's currently tied with Rick Flair for the most championships in professional wrestling history. At 16. He's a platinum selling rapper, an international superstar, New York Times bestselling author, multifaceted entertainer, one of Hollywood's biggest stars, a living legend, a pop icon idol to millions, a dedicated philanthropist.


He holds the Guinness World record for the number of wishes granted to make a wish children a national treasure. A fan favorite, a household name. I think he's here, but maybe he isn't. John Cino. Man, I, you could top that. I think it just, oh, Let's, Thank you so much for the introduction, man. Thanks for having me. You know, I have my own cognac, bro. And what you've been able to do, and we're gonna talk a little bit about it. I like to toast your career. I don't know if you drank or not, but this is my cognac. It's called Shea by La Porter. It's A-V-S-O-P. Very nice. Well, I will toast with you. Time is our most valuable asset. Thank you for yours today. Thank You, bro. Appreciate you. Enjoy.


I'm gonna make the most outta this. I'm gonna keep this, We're gonna give you your own bottle, so I appreciate you stopping by. Let's get right into it, bro. Sports, I mean, obviously to be able to be a professional wrestler, you have to be athletic to do all those moves. Were you a sports, were you athletic? Were you into sports when you grew Up? I played baseball as a young kid. I transitioned to football at about age 15. Okay. I played at a division three school Okay. In college. And I was an offensive lineman. And you can see why I played only division three. You've, you've been to the mountain top offensive lineman are a little bit different frame than I a Little, a little bigger. A little Bigger. I loved the game, but I also had great perspective of the type of athlete that needs to be a professional.


So I, I had fun in college. I'm, I'm very thankful for my time and teammates, but it was a, a chapter that needed to be close. Did you wrestle in high school? Never. Nope. I was, I always grew up a fan of professional wrestling. Okay. Okay. And I, I think that helped because amateur and WWE are sports entertainment too. Very Different. Totally different. Yeah. And just because you're, just because you're a good professional, it doesn't mean you're a good amateur. Just 'cause you're a good amateur does not mean you're a good professional. Right. Well, we see Brock Lesner. Yeah. He was in the WB We also saw him go to the UFC. Yes. And he tried, you know, NFL football. Yes. Did you ever think about trying out for NFL football or you just realized like, you know what? So I think in Brock's case, Brock is one of the most gifted, hardest working perseverant stubborn sons of bitches I've ever met.


But I honestly think physically he could do whatever he puts his mind to. Right. It's also because he's 6 4, 300 plus. Right. So it was a natural transition. He's also an NCAA national champion multiple times. He knew body awareness to, to put him in the trenches. That's a natural transition. Okay. I am six feet, 230 pounds. Right. If you were to put me in the trenches, I would get my fucking athlete. What about running back? So you also have to be a good running back. Just, just because your frame is like, oh, you, your, your height and weight matchup. Let's time your 40 still going, huh.


You know, so it's, it's, a lot of things have to line up. Right. And I think Brock is a physical anomaly and I'm, I'm glad he found his home with the wwe 'cause he's fantastic. But I think he could put, do whatever he Right. Really wanted to. Is it true that you were bullied as a kid and you started working out to like get away from that? I am. That comic str that the comic in the back of the, in the comic. Yes. So Skinny scrawny kid. Yeah. Who eventually found physical fitness as a way of getting people not to bother you. It wasn't get big so I could fight these people. It was get big. So I could give the vibe of like, oh, I don't wanna mess with that guy. Right. It kind of my own alarm system. And it worked, but it also introduced me to sport.


I found physical training at around age 12. Okay. And then saw the gains at about age 15. Right. When coaches were like, Hey kid, you wanna try football? Right. Sure. Okay. And none of my peers, it, it wasn't like it is today, strength training in like the nineties. It was almost like, Hey, don't, don't lift weights. You don't wanna mess up your baseball swing or your basketball shot. Correct. Like, it, it was almost a taboo. Right. But I found a home in football and I found team sports to be very gratifying being a member of a team. Finally, you know, I grew up with five, five brothers. So it was kind of like I had that, that family vibe around me. I was able to make social connections and you know what it's like to be on a winning team. Yeah. It feels great. You also want, knows what it's like to be on a losing team.


You know, you, you carry, carry the burden with each other. So I was, I was very grateful that something that started out as a way to defend myself. It's been such a gateway to so many opportunities in life. Proud of you working out. I read you were like a scrawny kid. You weigh like 155 pounds and you started working out, you go to two 15. So, but prior to you working out, did anyone ask you to participate in sports? Did you wanna participate in sports before you started working out? I grew up in a small town where your first chance to play football started at 15. We didn't have any youth football. Oh, okay. There wasn't much popularity of soccer or real football as the Europeans will call it. There was pretty much little league baseball. So I played little league baseball. I, I started late.


Most kids would play at like six. I started at 10 and I just liked the team aspect of it. So I wasn't good at all, but I was enthusiastic. Okay. And football was something that my skill matched my enthusiasm. Okay. So did you think about playing baseball? Did you play baseball in high school or you just gave it? I did. Okay. I did. And I remember vividly the day I stopped playing baseball. I worked out before practice and I was to, to the coach's credit. I was two minutes late to practice, but it was because I had a last period class, got a workout in and then ran my ass to practice. And the coach, I remember it, I was a sophomore and the coach said, you're gonna have to choose between playing baseball or working out.


And I gave him my hat in my uniform. I said, it's been, it's been fun. So you chose working out, Chose working out. Yeah. So what, so what did you, what did you wanna do when you're in high school? You grew up in this small town. You, you said like, okay, we can only play, we start playing football at 15. You just giving up baseball because you wanted to work out. So what did you wanna do? You know, I just wanted to do things I enjoyed and I like, I think the, the north star of my life is like not having a plan. Okay. What do you enjoy doing in your time off? Nothing. Nothing. I don't get much time off though. Okay. But I also bet that's by choice. Yeah. Because you like to keep yourself busy and hopefully it's, I do the things you're passionate About, but a lot of times, John, the things that we like to do don't pay a whole lot of money.


So neither. But neither did working out. And as a 15-year-old, I really wasn't trying to find an angle to make working out, making make money. Okay. I just knew I liked working Out. You just enjoyed it. Yeah. Right. Yeah. But I did read you had some very odd jobs. Yeah. Growing up you were like a memo driver. I was, I was an assistant greenskeeper at a golf course. I was a counselor at a summer camp. I, I've been security for bars, I've worked student security at Springfield College. I got to wear a neon jacket and have people ridicule me around campus and work in parking lots. I've, I've done my, my fair share of odd jobs. When did you develop this knack to be so great at public speaking?


I, I think as with anything, you learn fluency through failure. And I think it was me always probably trying to stand out with my brothers and getting made fun a lot for it. And then trying to find my social circle in life as a young man and getting made fun of for it. Right. So I I think it's the courage to be brash and be embarrassed. Right. So I read, you Move, you come to La Venice Beach and you wanted to be a bodybuilder, correct? Yes. So Arnold, I clearly, so Arnold was, you probably saw what was the movie Hump was humping Iron. Of course You wanted, you saw that. He's like, you know what, I think I can do that. I think Arnold was about six foot tall, probably weigh the same.


I get the pump. Hey, maybe I can do That. They don't time my 40 over there. No, you don't have to run on stage with opposing counts. And I did some local shows in New England and placed quite well. Okay. And just like playing football at Springfield College. The first day I stepped on the field at Springfield, I knew like, oh, I, I will have a career here and that's where it will end. Okay. I was doing well in New England. I'm like, yeah, I'll give it a try. The first day I stepped into Gold's Venice and did one of these like, oh, this is gonna be a hobby. Okay, that's it. This is gonna be a hobby. So there are guys that are my weight, but they're five foot four. Right. Okay. That's, yeah. This is gonna be a hobby, right? Yeah. Because you real, and, and the thing that I tell people all is, everybody looks good when they're by themselves.


Sure. But when you go stand next to somebody else that do this and are just as serious, if not more serious than you, you realize you come to the realization like, you know what, Well also, you know that that's a great perspective. And you can be, you can be so dedicated in something in life and, and give your absolute best. But when something has a window of popularity, and a lot of people know about it, the 1%, the people who identify early on their talent, strengths and gifts maybe have genetics for it. Right. And then those talent strengths and gifts in their gene pool are nurtured in a 10,000 hours of practice. Correct. Those are gonna be the people who make money off of do.


Yes. Yes. It, it doesn't mean that I'm, I don't work as hard as the next guy. Right. It doesn't mean we're not squatting the same or whatever. It, it just comes down to like, there's a reason you played in the NFL that I could practice the exact same amount of minutes. Right. I just, I'm just not made for it. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. So it's, that's that when you can, when you take, take a hobby or a passion or a pastime and make it a vocation, there has to be a little bit of luck. There has to be a lot of hard work. Yes. That's a little bit of magic dust in there as well, you know. But one thing that bodybuilding will teach you is discipline. Because if you're not disciplined with your eating, you're not disciplined with your training. Sure. You can't be successful.


Sure. And it's hard to be successful at anything if you're not disciplined. I don't care how much talent a person has. Yeah. Discipline is the overriding key to success. I agree with you a hundred percent on that. And I'm, what I'm very grateful for in my journey is the individual discipline I had with bodybuilding and physical fitness mixed with the team building discipline of show up for practice on time. Don't let your teammates down. Right. So I got to learn how to take care of myself. Hey, if you don't time your food or if you don't get enough rest, or if you don't train, you're gonna suck. Mixed with, you gotta work well with others. Bodybuilding is an individual sport and sometimes a very egocentric sport. And sometimes you can get really talented bodybuilders or people interested in physical fitness that don't have the ability to work with others.


I'm very grateful in my life to have both the experience of team building exercise and team building discipline and individual discip. So now, okay. Bodybuilding is is not the answer clearly. You know, football is not gonna be the answer. Yeah. You had been given up on baseball, so now what? You take some odd jobs, you limbo driver, you a janitor, you do all these odd voice of your voice actor. So when did you decide to say, you know what, maybe pro wrestling, maybe acting. When did you come to that conclusion? This was gonna be John Cena's Path. So the, the wrestling thing happened by accident. And I think as we dis as we ga thank you very much for all these questions. As, as I discuss, what do I want to do with my life?


Okay. I think the most important message I could tell people out there is that you don't have to figure it out right away. I graduated from college and tried to apply my degree, my physical attributes and what I was passionate about to make money. So when all this stuff started to fail, I began to be like, okay, I'm disciplined. I can show up to work on time, don't mind wearing a uniform, don't mind being part a part of a part of a team. I'll take the California Highway Patrol exam, I'll be a cop. Failed that son of a bitch. So that's up. And as a young man, I'm like, man, I, I don't have many options that I think the work would be passionate about. Right. Every day I may be the military. I say that in, in the utmost respect.


I was a morning person. I love to push my body beyond its capabilities. Yes. I love when the team wins. I want to be in a pool of people that I'm not the smartest person in the room. Love a uniform, get to travel the world, don't ever have to worry about pay. Like there's so many pluses. It is to the military. And those were, as a young man, those were people I grew up idolizing. Right. So I was like, man, I, I'll go join the Marines and the, the, the, the weekend I was gonna go from Los Angeles to San Diego to go join. My buddy was like, Hey man, you know, we're training to be wrestlers down in Orange County. Do you wanna try it out before you go? Wow. I Was like, there's wow. You can, you can do wrestling. Like, I didn't know there was a school. Right.


I didn't know about it. It was very secret. And when we went down to see it, that's when it was like, oh, this is gonna be my new hobby. I would work those odd jobs so I could do bodybuilding shows. I would work those odd jobs so I could run speed camps to play football. Now I had a reason to work my odd jobs to do this hobby on the weekends. It's like many people have a a job and they can't wait for weekends on the boat. My brother is the one I always use, loves to work his job so he can spend weekends on the boat. The job is a way to do the thing that he loves. Right. So it wasn't necessarily, I didn't do it to be like, this is how I'm gonna make money. It was like, yo, I love this. I'm gonna make money doing the shitty work so I could have fun dressing up doing whatever superhero on the weekends, right?


Yeah. I almost, the same thing happened to me. I almost joined the military also. And then my brother came and talked me out of it. I was gonna join the Air Force and then I was going to take the exam. He came home from college, said, look, go to Savannah State And. if you don't like it. Say, I went to school for a year. You didn't like it. It wasn't for me. Go to, you know, Hey, I went to Savannah State for a year. And, we, we know how that turned. We know how That turned out for me. Yeah. Yeah. But I think something Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions.


As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help, especially if you're not a tech expert yourself. They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com. That's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra Processors.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers, whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beefs quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Hi everybody, it's Savannah Got three from the Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything. We wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today. You know, like, like you said, when something is for you and God has a plan for you, you might take a lot of different paths path, but eventually you're gonna get on the right track and it's gonna find you. And I also that you I agree with that.


And I also wanna say that sometimes you have to be brave enough to recognize when life Yes. When life puts an opportunity in front of you. Even though I had a plan and was like, yo, this is the safest way forward. An opportunity was put in front of me. Yeah. I'm gonna try that. Yes. You know, so I, I think a lot of people sometimes aren't aware of when life will give you life will crack that door open just one bit. Right. You know, and I think if you can be aware of that and just give your your wholehearted best to the situation. You don't know what can happen.


Been hungry for some college football. Well, we finally get a taste this weekend. Don't miss any of the action. Jump in at draft Draftking Sports book. It's a small but mighty slate of games for week zero, including a big matchup in Ireland. This is going to be draft King's biggest college football season to date. Enjoy the ride now all the way through the expanded playoff. Plus all newbies getting into college football spirit. Here's something special. New draft King customers can bet five bucks to get 200 instantly in bonus bet score big with DraftKings all college football season long. Download the DraftKings Sports book app now and use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs


since You were a limbo driver, let's just say for the sake of argument, there were Lyft, there were Uber and Lyfts back then. What type of driver would John single be? The fucking worst. So this was pre navigation, not even the stick on the windshield Magellan units. Right. Pre navigation. The meat is nineties, so yes. Cell phones, but mostly car phones. And the, the, the fees for a call were like 25 bucks a call. You are absolutely right. I have a Randall McNally map in my shotgun seat along with tuna, rice, and chicken. And I'm in a town car, not a limo. That Car smells Off. Oh my God. And I'm the byproduct of eating all that.


So combine everything. Yeah. The story tells itself I'm from West Newbury, which is not Boston. Right. It is a small town way outside of Boston. In my childhood life, I've only been on one highway route 95. So in my mind, all roads lead to Route 95. Right. I would pick people up for their flights like three hours late. What? Because I didn't know where the fuck I was going. And now as a traveler, if I booked a car and I'm always, you know, if I gotta go at 10, I'm gonna book it to be there at seven. Right. Because I wanna make sure it's there early. But man, I feel for those travel. I got called every name in the book. I could barely get to the airport. I didn't know how to get people home. And the last thing you wanna do after a long trip, you know, I'm, I'm finally gonna keep my front door.


And then you get in the car with the driver from hell where the car stinks, the it's probably stinks, like farts and tune up. He doesn't know where he is going. It's this huge hulking guy in a town garden. Right. I, I think we're going the right way. Right. I was the worst. I didn't last too long in that job. I read that you were also homeless. So what was your, what was your lowest moment before you finally did, had some success? What was your lowest moment, John? So I, I also wanna put some context. Okay, go ahead. I was, I was homeless by choice. Okay. A lot of, a lot of people are struggling with the inability to choose. My, my dad is, is fantastic and always has been great to all of his sons. And he's always been like, Hey, you always got a roof over your head. You can always come home.


But he also told me as I left for California, from the mean street of West Newbury, you'll never make it. You'll be back in two weeks. Oh. So I don't know if he's a genius or he is just an asshole. You're right. But it worked right. I didn't want to come home. He Put pressure on you. So when all of my plans failed and all my resources were dwindling again, I had a choice, do I stay? And if I stay, this is gonna be the roof over my head for a while. But I loved it. Like my parked my car in the parking lot at Gold's Gym, slept in the back, worked at the gym. So the gym was open at four. I'd go shower, use the locker room clock into work on my break, I'd work out the protein bar places where I worked. So I'd get a discount on all my supplements every once in a while.


A five finger discount. Thank you. Nutrition club stores. I was well fed. I got enough rest and I was happy. And it was, it was by choice. And it's a, this is a very fortunate story of being without a physical mailbox by choice. So I don't regret those days. And it, again, it was something that I think the struggle is a lot more entertaining when you want to do it. You know, a tough practice is more rewarding when you know, you're, it's, this is the work I gotta do to get the goal. And I it was just one of those cases. Right. You had, so with that situation, you had very Oh, great questions. You had very limited overhead. I I did. I did. I I, I was, the company was operating at a loss And, we, we were paying some heavy interest to the credit card holders at that point.


Right. Yeah. So when, when did your, when did your break come? When, when the WWE called, it was then the WWE f and said, we'd like you to give you a contract. Okay. And that was when I went from working on the weekends to, or, or working during the week to dressing up on the weekends to being a professional. Okay. It was a break, but my contract was for $12,500 a year. What? And my rent was for $12,000. No, it was for 20. My rent was $1,200 a month. So I quit my job immediately to become a professional. I was already operating at a loss. But the good thing about credit cards is they'll mail you more opportunities to get more credit cards.


So I was just like, yeah, I'll just take more of the plastic pieces that get me free food and all that. This is gonna be great. So I I, I bet on myself. Okay. And I knew that I couldn't juggle things. If I was gonna do this, I was gonna do it fully focused and, and wholeheartedly. And if I lost, I would fall. I would, it would be by my own choices. So I, I quit my job. I was upside down on a lot of bills and upside down on rent and stuff. But I, I got to go to every practice. I got to gain fluency really quick because I mashed in my 10,000 hours. So they gave me a small break, but a break nonetheless. And then about nine months after that, they moved me to middle America and I started wrestling in Kentucky, Anna for Ohio Valley wrestling.


And then about a year later, by accident, I got on tv. You got called up to the big time. Yeah. What, what was that Mo, I mean, you mentioned situation, John, that your dad's like, he was very proud of his, his five boys. You guys had done a lot. I'm sure he was proud of you, but he said that when you decided that you were gonna move to California, he's like, you're not gonna make it. When you had made it, did you call him and say, dad, I made it. You know what? No, I, and I still, I'm, I'm, I'm really working hard and thank you very much for asking. I'm really working hard on, on building a great relationship with my dad. He just turned 80 and I love him. And we're starting to like, dive into those moments.


I can't wait to find out the answer to that question because I'm so happy with where we are. Right. I think for so long I wanted him to call me and be like, yo, you made it. But I still don't know if he was withholding his attaboy. So I kept going for some reason to maybe one, get it at the last moment. I don't know. The point is I've been able to work on self and, and let go of the need for his approval. Oh, okay. Which has been awesome because now we can just live as men and as peers and talk about our own life. I cannot wait to hear my dad's answer to that question. But I, I don't ever, I don't ever believe in making it. I don't ever believe someone has made it.


I believe you can close chapters in your life. And I believe that there are instances where it's time to move on. But in my perspective, it's like, I, I don't, I try never to use the word deserve. Okay. I prefer earned, earned because what, what the hell do I deserve? You know, I wake up every day, that's fantastic. And I try to earn the right to wake up every day. So I, I don't know. I think I'm, I'm worried that if I ever say to myself, I've made it, I'll become complacent in life. And I don't mean like, not make a paycheck, right? I mean, like, not be curious about life. I even coming into this place, like, wow, this place is so great. And I'm curious about the wallpaper and the, the fire and, and what this podcast is gonna be.


I don't ever wanna lose that. Right. You know, When you, These are, dude, this is great. When you, when you left home and you said, okay, you and your dad have the relationship, you are not trying to recapture what was lost. You are just trying to move on from this point and move forward. Man. It's, that's a crazy thing about time. You can't, you can't fix what was happening. Yeah. And I think when you can get to a point to be like, in, in, let's say in forgiving my dad, first I gotta forgive myself. Yes. And I gotta be okay with myself. And I think when you get to that point and you're like, oh man, you, more than likely, although through my eyes it looked like this was bad for me, more than likely you were, I know you, I've known you for 47 years.


You more than likely were trying to do the best you could as a parent. I can't fault you for that, bud. So what do we do now? Let's have a drink, let's have a cigar. And hey, what was, what was your college life like? What's the craziest thing you've ever done? What's the worst thing I've ever done to you? Stuff like that's going on now. Most of the time, John people parent as if they were parented. And so maybe that's how his dad gave him tough. Your grandfather gave your dad tough love. But you said something very in interesting. My grandma used to always tell me all the time, she'd say, son, there can never be freedom without forgiveness. I, I, I'm a, a strong advocate of that. And that's the first time I've heard it. I think once you get to the ability where you can genuinely forgive, that doesn't mean you need to forget.


No. When you, when you can forgive you, you literally free yourself of whatever the burden is that's on your shoulders. That's, that's very profound. I'm a believer Forgiveness is not for the person that you feel. And I don't know if you feel this, and, and I'm just saying for context here, for forgiveness is not for the person that you feel that have wronged you. Forgiveness is for you. Yes. Because you're the one, you're feelings, your emotions are being held hostage. They're living their life. They might not even know that you're wrong. They Might not even know. Like I, I, again, I can't wait to have this conversation with my, my dad. Do you know that I've been looking for a good job for like 30 years? I never knew, dude. It, it's one of those things where, because we are at times uncomfortable talking about our feelings, we don't talk about stuff.


So how can someone know? You know, they're, they're probably just trying to do the best they can. You are a rapper. You sold 140,000 copies your first week. You debuted at number 15 on the Billboard 200. But that album is gone platinum, 1.3 million copies to this day. Did you, did you think, Come on, that was, Did you think that was possible? There's there's nothing about the current state of, of being Yeah. You don't strike me as emine. No, But well, this is what I will say. Okay. Super passionate about hip hop. Hip hop felt, that was why I was bullied to, to, as a callback to the story.


Because in white, small town, west Newbury, you wore jeans, shit kicking boots. You drove a pickup truck and you listen to country music or rock music. Okay. I had a high top fade. I wore rayon, polka dots, wing tips or Adidas. I had airbrush overalls. I wore that shit backwards. Like I rap music found me and it was rap then it wasn't hip hop and it evolved to hip hop. But rap music found me because it was rebellious. Right. But keep in mind, I was one of five boys and I didn't like, like I had a lot of angst with how the household was being run. I was a rebel. Right. That music found me at the right time. So even though a song like Fuck the Police Yeah.


Might've been an anthem for the state of the social wellbeing in South Central Los Angeles to a 13-year-old kid. That police were my parents. And it was me. It was me. Well, fuck that. And it, it grabbed ahold of, like, it really spoke to me. Yeah. Like the, the, just, just the way the music was. Right. And in the rebelliousness, I also caught all other rap music. Like, I would listen to Kwame and I would listen to Rakim and, and Nas and the Beastie Boys. And my first CDs were the Beastie Boys and the Fat Boys, and like cool mo d and the list goes on and on. Like, it, it's a, it was a part of me. And when I got to showcase that on television, it resonated with the audience.


So again, this was life putting an opportunity in my lap. I'm like, Hey, great, I'm connecting with the audience. I can keep my job that is I love, and maybe I can make better music than the stock rap music that they're making for me in Connecticut. Right. Because at the time, WW is a rock and roll company. They didn't have any depth of field for hip hop. And I listened to my own music being like, I could do better than this. It wasn't how do I measure up against Eminem? I think if it was the case, I never would've made an album. Right. But it was like, yo, I can do better than this. Called up a friend who knew a friend who had a studio. We got some beats And, we made an album. Wow. And that was it. That was it. And it never once was it like, how is this gonna measure up?


It was simply the current product that I have, I can do better than that. Right. So as far as that, I measure up better than that. You Did better than that. So let's just see where it goes. So when it comes a, so now you're an athlete, you are a rapper. Gimme your top three athlete rappers. You get Shaq time, which is Deion Sanders, Roy Jones, Jr. Dame Lillard, master p Kobe. You only get three Master p, Kobe and Shaq.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. They have the resources and expertise to help you make big tech decisions. As a small business owner, you understand more than anyone that any decision can make or break your business. That's where Lenovo Pro can help, especially if you're not a tech expert yourself. They can keep up with the latest tech trends like AI and help you save money on the smartest tech solutions for your business. And by joining Lenovo Pro, you can enjoy a long-term partnership focused on helping your business take advantage of every tech opportunity in the future. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com. That's lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes occasions than even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Hi everybody, it's Savannah Gutey from the Today's Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today.


Okay. Yeah. Shaq's got skills, man. I think Car Carpool karaoke with him. Oh yeah. He can flow. He can still flow. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. Yeah, he's good. Yeah, he got a good, so i's got a doctorate. He's smart. He's So give me your Mount Rushmore, your all your favorite, your greatest, who you think the greatest four rappers are in the history. So for me, Jay-Z Eminem, NAS, and Rakim. Wow. And man Rakims voice. And I like, like I'm, I'm, everyone has their bias. Yeah. And I know that list is obviously gonna incite riots, And, we all have our bias. We all have our favorites. That's what makes music special. Yes. That's what makes creativity special.


Yeah. I was brought up in like the East Coast boomba. I love, I love word play. I love poetry. I, that's what I based my character on. So I think all that's super clever. Yeah. And those are, that's, that's my list. So when, when John it driving around his car, who are you listening to Today? I have come a long way. You know, I'm not, I'm no longer a bodybuilder. I just wanna preface that. Okay. Sometimes chapters can close. I'm gonna retire this year from wrestling. That chapter's gonna close. Yes. I listen to nothing really. I am a huge car guy. So when I get to drive, it's kind of my chance to meditate. Okay. I always try to drive something manual with a stick shift and I always just listen to the car, man.


Really? Yeah. And that could be like, I, I had one rare day off and you, you had mentioned that there's a rare, I think we work in the same dimension. Yes. I drove around the state of Florida just for shits and giggles. I did 880 miles. I left my house in Tampa, went to Orlando, went around the thumb, went back up, went back down. And as soon as I pulled in my garage, I'm like, whoa. Eight 80 miles. Not too bad. So you just got in the car one day and was like, you know what? Hey, I'm gonna do this. Yeah. I haven't driven in a while. I haven't taken a trip in a while. I wanna be, and not once did I turn on the radio. I left at four 30 in the morning. I pulled in my garage at 10 30 at night. Stopped for like three or four co I love little coffee shops.


Right. Stopped for like three or four coffees on the way. Did you talk to anybody? Did you turn the phone up at the coffee shops? Talked to people in the car. Not one phone call. Not one text phone was in the backseat power off. And it was, it's like my way to meditate. Right. So what do I listen to the car? Nothing boring, nothing. There was a big rap battle going on This summer. Yes. Kendrick Lamar. Yes. And Drake. Yes. Who won? I know nothing about this. You don't know anything. All I know is the headlines. I'm the one person, the one breathing human being who did not hear bar one of this beat. I haven't heard any music, any tracks, nothing. So this is all new to me. Who won? Whew. Man. I love One. And why?


Man, they just, And you started it out, I was like, man, I love this guy. But just, just, just on Pure vo just play Drake. They play it all the time. If there's not gonna be a game, a football game, a basketball game, or anything that you go to where the home team is winning, where you're not gonna hear, they're not like us. You said Kendrick's Gen, I mean, excuse me. Kendrick Lamar. Yes. Kendrick won. Okay. So, because just, I mean, it's the most, isn't it the most played this in history already. I think it's done. It's the biggest song. This summer. I need to check this out. I've, I've been living in Under a Rock. I need to check this out. Yeah. All right.


Kendrick Lamar. Right on. Who of your current rappers going list? You know, you got Kendrick Lamar, you got Drake. I mean, you got these young, you know, so I kind of five babies. I Kind of Little big DI Kind of drifted away from hip hop right around Drake. Okay. And I think I, I always thought Drake was extremely talented. Again, I love wordplay. I think he's, his stuff is very well thought out. Yeah. I think he's very poetic. I like the way he adds music into the songs. Like, I, I don't, I don't have enough depth of field to evaluate anybody current. He was, he was like the last one where it becomes fade to fade to nothingness. Right. Well, we, you mentioned it earlier, this is your final year in wwe e This Is it 2025.


Five. Yeah. And so when you look at Farewells, I mean, Kobe got a farewell. Kareem got a farewell. I mean, everybody's waiting for LeBron to get his farewell. I think the thing is, Tom Brady didn't get that. 'cause we didn't really know Tom was gonna retire. He just like, okay, I'm done. Now what, what do you hope? What do you want your farewell, what do you want the lasting memories of your last year in the wwe? What do you want that to be? That, that's a great question. Personally, I would like to just want it to be worth it. And I don't mean that I won't get value from it. I'll enjoy every second. I just want to justify it. Like, I hope it, I hope it is good for WWE e business.


I hope it continues to build the future of the brand and company. I hope that it, the events are satisfying for the audiences from an audience perspective. I hope everyone can come to these events and either relive memories they might've had over the past 23 years, or make new memories. 'cause there's a whole new generation of superstars out there. So if a young kid who is all he's seen in programming is maybe Roman Reigns and Cody Rhodes, if his dad brings him in and be like, Hey son, you know, 10 years ago, this was the guy. Right. And look at him like, he, he can still go like, this is my guy. Right? And the son's like, no, this is my guy.


I've heard so many stories from families about like, Hey, one time my dad took me to wrestling, we watched you. Now I'm a grown man and I realize that that was my way of my dad bonding with me. Thank you for that. So like, if the tour can do that, that's awesome. And I don't see you have a 0% percent chance of doing that if you just say, I'm done. Right. We're not pure sport. We're the, the benefit of what we do is we're sports entertainment. So I can be like, ah, you know, the, the body doesn't feel I have a choice. I could, I could hang around for another 10 years and do like a match a year and, and maybe progressively get worse with my skillset.


Or take an honest look at myself and be like, I can do like 30, 40 dates this, this year. Make it a thing. Tell everybody this is it, which it is. Be able to close the chapter in my life. Move on to things that I'm curious and enthusiastic about. And hopefully create some moments and let people take away from it whatever they want. I just, I want it to be worth it. What would it mean for you, you're tied currently with Rick Flair 16 time World champ to get number 17. Who would you like to fight The Rock? Randy Orton, Logan Paul, C Punk, Cody Rose, Ron Roman Rains. Who would you like to fight that match to win the title? So, th I think, I think it's a, that's a thing because of the legacy that Rick Flair has, and certainly I've been fortunate enough to win.


You Ain't Finn to beat down Rick Flair, are you? I I personally know Rick and I, I he, he has a, a good chance of winning that fight. I, I don't know if that's gonna happen. I think what's interesting about the tour is there is some jackpot long shot scenarios where it can happen. But to win a number one contender ship in a story driven purpose, you have to earn it. Right? I had my chances, I've been a part-timer now since like 2018. That's six years. Right. I've had my chances of coming back and being like, I want you in a match. I haven't won a match since 2018. Wow. That's a, that's a, that's a slump. That's a lot of a step one.


I need to bust a slump. Right. So with all of those things into play, I don't want it, like I said, I want it to be worth it to the audience. So if I come back and push the champion and be like you and me in a match, the audience will immediately see through that as he just bumped his way to the front of the line. And the guy I watch every week, who's earned that spot? He just took it away from me. That's stupid. Right. If I win the Royal Rumble, I get an automatic chance. There have been stakes put on the elimination chamber. Or if I win that I might get an automatic chance at a championship. The money in the bank suitcase is a suitcase for a championship match anytime, anywhere. So that's what's cool about doing it over a year. There are these lottery chances where I can be like, yo, he may break the record.


If that's even an option, I gotta start winning in January and I might earn a shot by December. Wow. And at that point, I don't give a fuck who it's with as long as I can just get a chance. Right. But I also, having been that champion, I respect the process and I don't ever want to take somebody's spot, man. I don't ever wanna take somebody's spot. You know, Triple Lake said you are the goat, I had Rick Flair on here. He said Sean Michaels is the goat. Who's John Cena goat of wwe? Gosh, that's a good question. You know, I, and I think that's what's interesting. I can name my top four hip hop artists.


'cause I have no skin in the game. Yeah. This is a tough one to answer because I have so much professional respect, right. For so many names. Like I have so much respect for Rick, like an ungodly amount of respect for Rick And. If you my age or close to my age, he's it. And then if you are my age and you one are able to compete with him and perform with him, and two, when you're around Rick and you listen to what those matches were, his travel schedule, the sacrifices he made, the investment, he had his passion. That's like, whoa man, you are fucking all about this.


But as I'm also enamored by the business side. Yes. And I don't think there's a, a better breathing example of what's the, the best the business has ever been than Roman reigns. Okay. And it's amazing that I'm saying a still active talent with years in front of him is the greatest of all time. Wow. But he's been in it since 2012. I had to work my way up. I started on the bench and then got onto the Saturday program and then just lost every match. He came in with the shield in a, in a really high level spot and never waved. Even when the fans didn't like him, he was still in a main event spot. He's been in a main event lens for over a decade now.


And he's brought through his clock and you could say whatever force has helped it. But in 2012 we were, the stock was trading at 11 bucks. WWE or TKO stocks now at one 17. Wow. That's on his shoulders. There isn't a better indication of, and I know it's a team effort, nobody does it alone. But like when you say hey, that to that to me is like, that's some serious shit. Yeah. And, and for me, I I, I gotta give a respect where respect is, is due and Joe's smart, passionate about the business, multi-generational athlete has respect for his family, has has respect for the locker room, has respect for the business. He's not, he's just, he's he's a very, very smart performer.


And somebody I respect, he would be my greatest of all time. You follow the path, you get the rock. Yep. Yeah. He rock would be second. 'cause Rock did the same thing in the nineties. Yeah. But this is the one time I can say this. 'cause rock's numbers are always number one. Romans numbers Yeah. Have been better than Dwayne's. Right. But I mean, gosh, that that's a, that's like this Big and day. Yeah. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.


Maybe you've noticed that when it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. So to join Lenovo Pro, visit lenovo.com and unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


So should we go electric? I think we should go electrified with Toyota Electrified Electrified means options. Yes. We could go all electric with a Toyota BZ four x, but then there are hybrids like Grand Highlander. Or we could do something in between like a RAV4 plugin hybrid. So Toyota is electrified diversified. Yep. And with more options for reducing carbon emissions, the closer we all get to Toyota's beyond zero vision for the future. Exactly. How much coffee have you had this morning? Learn more about our Beyond zero vision for the future at toyota.com/beyond zero.


When it comes to travel bags and backpacks, colorful and unique options are hard to come by. Luckily, baboon to the moon has you covered. Baboon to the moon's bags are made for going places near and far and for making you the brightest star at baggage claim made With super durable materials in a limited lifetime warranty, your baboon to the moon bag will join you. For all of life's missed trains, unexpected rain showers, love at first sight and compliments, check them out at baboon to the moon.com. Now get lost and make the world more colorful.