
President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division.


I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid For by Harris for president


the NBA is finally back. A new season mean new ways to get into the action at DraftKings Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NBA. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon. For new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon, Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. CDK eng.co/b ball


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video breaking tackles this week. The Minnesota Vikings head west to take on the Los Angeles Rams. This is what you love to see. Coverage begins with football's best party on TNF tonight, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Vikings and the Rams Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway now. You wrote also you co-wrote with Janet Jackson. I want you, how was it working with Janet in the studio? We actually wrote that without her in the studio. Okay. It was me, Harold Lilly, Kanye. We wrote it and then submitted it to her and she loved it. Wow. Yeah. What's that? What's that like John? What's that like? Like we grew up with the Jackson, we grew up with Michael. We grew all up, you know, obviously Michael, then Janet, all of Latoya had her own thing. Jim aint did his own thing, but we mainly know Michael and Janet and, and I had a crush on Janet. Man, You had crush on Penny. If you asked me who my like childhood crush was, it was Janet.


Yes. Yeah. So what, so what, what's it like, so lemme ask you a question. So like when you go, do artists reach out to you or do when you write and says, you know what, I think this, I think this would be great for her. Should Be, well there's a lot of, there's a whole bevy of songwriters and producers who aren't on the mic, but they're behind a lot of the music that you love. So a lot of artists work with songwriters. They get submissions from songwriters. Sometimes they collaborate with you in the room, but sometimes they just take submissions and their a and r or their producer is helping them listen to those songs and decide whether or not it's gonna work for them. So there's a lot of people who are professionally just cranking out songs and submitting them to artists.


Sometimes artists will do a camp, so they'll say, I'm gonna bring all the songwriters and producers I like to work with that I have a track record with, or that I love their their work. I'm gonna bring them all to Jamaica or The Bahamas or whatever and we gonna camp out for a week or two and just write with the goal of producing enough songs that will go on my next album. So one way or another, artists are trying to get material and a lot of times it's professional songwriters, people you may not have heard of but that are behind the scenes involved in a lot of making of these songs. Is it hard to, to write like that when you go for a specific reason? Like you get invited to this place and you mention this camp, so we're going for a week or two?


Or is it easier just for it to come naturally? Well, I don't do that, so you'd have to ask them, but I imagine sometimes it's easier to write when you have a specific goal in mind. Okay. So when you're in a camp, you know the artist you're writing for the artist is usually there. They're providing kind of creative direction and spiritual guidance of, you know, of where their head is and what they wanna say on their album. And so I think it's easier for me to write when I have an assignment than when it's just open-ended. And so I'd rather have some sense of like, I know who I'm writing for, I have some direction rather than just write. Right. Didn't you write a song with Mike? We wrote a song, me and Will I Am wrote a song for Mike.


Right. That never came out. Yeah. Right. So you know that that was back in those days when I was hustling, just trying to get on records and you know, I worked with different producers and they're like, yeah, we're trying to get on Mike's new album or Right. Janet's new album or or Jay's new album and, and work with me on this. And sometimes it worked out, sometimes it didn't. And but that's the life of a songwriter. Like if, if that's your job, a lot of the songs you make will not come out. A lot of the ideas you generate may never see the lie today, But when you're writing you just hope you can get that. Get one or two. Yeah, you get one or two, that's your, that's your end. Yeah. And then people are like, well I wanna go to that guy that that wrote this. Exactly. So I wanna go to the woman that wrote that. Exactly. And even with myself, I will often write a bunch of songs for myself or with other people for myself that don't make my album.


So I got a bunch like lots and like dozens and dozens of songs that may never be heard by anybody other than the people that made it. What About if that's something that you'd be willing to like, okay, it didn't make my album. I don't think it's right for me, but it might be right for you? Sometimes. Sometimes. But often I feel like if it's written for a male singer and it didn't make my album, there's not a great chance that it's the best of the best. And oftentimes I don't feel like it's marketable to other artists. Sometimes it's just not the right feel for me. Right. And maybe it would be the right feel for another artist, but a lot of times I'm just like, well if I don't want it, then why? Why should they? Why should what?


Yeah. Why should they want it? But you all, you was working with Nipsey Hussle, you won a Grammy for hire with DJ Callie. Yeah. So what was it, what was it like working? So lemme ask you a question. Your artist, when you go into a studio and whomever it is, it doesn't have to be anybody in particular. So what, what's John Legend's goal when he goes into the studio with an artist? I, I just wanna make the record amazing. So I wanna make it something that I'm proud of that will make history. I want my legacy to be my records. Right? And so every time I go in there, I'm going in with that goal of making something special, special life changing, legacy building. And with college, people always ask me, what does college actually do?


Does he do this? But part of what he does that's so important is he brings all these different artists together. He has a great ear and he is able to bring the right beat with the right artist, with the right rapper, with the right singer, put it all together and make a record. And that's not a simple thing to do because if everybody could do it, they would be doing it correct. But he's doing it right. So He Is great at connecting people, bringing things together, hearing a beat, and be like, I could hear Nipsey on this one. I could hear HOV on this one. I could hear Drake on this one. Bringing those people together, having the relationships with them and bringing them together to make the record happen, that's not an easy thing to do. Right. And that's what Khaled does. And so he's brought me in on a bunch of records and it is funny, he won his first Grammy with that record.


Wow. So this record we made together higher with Nipsey. We won the Grammy after Nipsey passed. And what's wild about it for me and Khaled is the first song we did together was a song called Grammy Family. And we made a song called Grammy Family before, long before he ever had a Grammy. Right. And then many years later, I help him win his first Grammy. So that was pretty cool. Who hasn't John Legend worked that he would like to work with this? Honestly, I get this question, I'm like, I'm trying to find names. Like I, I've said Beyonce before, which is true. I'd love to work with her. Adeo. What about Adeo Ade? I've said that too. That's funny you said that. So I've said both of those names and then a lot of people I would like to work with I have worked with.


Right. So, you know, I've been fortunate, man. I've worked with legends like Stevie Wonder, Quincy Jones, Tony Bennett, Al Green, and then a lot of my peers in r and b in hip hop, pop k-pop, like all over the place. I worked with a lot of different people and I love it. I love collaborating. When you Talk about Stevie. Yeah. Legend. Yeah. Quincy Jones. Yeah. Legend. Are you nervous? You know, the first time I met Stevie I was a little nervous. It was Because he's a prodigy like you. Oh yes. And you know, I like if there's any artists that are the biggest influences in my life and the music that I make, Stevie Marvin, those are like two of them.


And so I knew his catalog backwards and forwards. Like I, like he meant so much to my life. And the first time we meet, we're about to rehearse together for the BET awards in 2005. So Ordinary People, like I said, my first big signature song that that really was a genuine hit. And I was about to get honored at the BET awards. And Steven Hill, the guy who used to produce this, the, the BET awards, he said, I want you and Stevie to do a mashup of Ordinary People and my Sharia Moore. And people may not know, but the take it slow.


Oh, oh, that part of the song has the same chord structure as la La la, la, la, la, la, la la la la la La from my Sharia Moore. Right. And so Steven heard that and knew it and was like, y'all should do it together. And so my first time meeting Stevie was singing my Sharia Moore as a mashup with Ordinary People at the BET awards. So we rehearsed it and I was nervous in rehearsal, but you know, here I am with Stevie Wonder and I'm just trying to make sure we do it right and everything like that. But I was definitely like, yo, pinch me. I'm like right in a room with somebody I've been looking up to my whole life. What about when you met Quincy Jones? When I met Quincy? Well this is a wild story.


I've never told this story. Now the first time I spoke to Quincy, I was getting reprimanded. Why? What'd you do? I didn't do it. It wasn't my fault. Oh, you gonna be good? Let's take a drink first. So after Orate people blows up, Oprah is planning a thing called The Legends Ball, where she was gonna honor all the black women. That meant a lot to her. So she had like Aretha Rosa Parks, Diane Carroll, Cicely Tyson, I think Toni Morrison.


Like all these Yes. Like, just like the who's who of the legends. Exactly. She called it The Legends Ball. And she was planning this legends ball and she, I got a call from my agent and they were like, Oprah Winfrey wants to call you. And I'm like, okay, cool. I was excited. So Oprah calls me up, John, I'm planning this thing called The Legends Ball. And by the way, I, in my show, I always say I'm glad I changed my name to John Legend 'cause I, otherwise I wouldn't have been invited to the latest song. But she calls me up, asked me to play at this event for like the luncheon during the day.


And I believe we had the same agency at the time. And she was like, I'll talk to your agents and work it all out. And apparently my agency was like, decided they were gonna ask for everything from Oprah and, and like make it like it wasn't an honor and a privilege Right. For me to, to be at this event. And you know, she was still doing her talk show at the time and, and if you appeared on her talk show, it could change your life. Correct. And so they were trying to like do all this negotiation and, and play with Oprah for me to come and sing at this event when I would've done it for free.


Right. I would've been happy. I paid my own way to go. Exactly. I would've paid my own way to go all of that. So it comes back to my team that Oprah was a little put off by the way my agency was playing hardball with her. And somehow Quincy got wind of this. Oh. Oh. I think she called Quincy on you man. She, well she's friends with Quincy and I'm friends with her now. I'm friends with Oprah now, so we all good. But at the time she was like, who, what's going on? And Quincy calls me up like, man, you need to talk to your people because whatever they doing representing you, like It's not a good representation.


It is not a good representation. It is not a good look. You messing up your relationship with somebody who is, you know, obviously could be very helpful in your career and why like, 'cause you're trying to get a little extra money and not think about the big picture. And I was so embarrassed, man. The first time I talked to Quincy Jones is him reprimanding me. 'cause my agent was trying to play hardball Right. With Oprah. And so, But he is being an agent. Yeah. He is being an agent. But like, when people are representing you, they're representing you. Correct. And, and that's why you gotta be careful about who you left Represent. Represent you. Correct. And so, you know, I learned that lesson and also like I knew like it was an honor to play this event and if he was representing me, really he would've known that I would've been honored to play the event and he didn't need to play hardball in, in this situation.


There are times when you should play hardball and there's other times when the opportunity is enough where you don't need to get paid cash for it or, or you don't need something in return. The opportunity is enough. Right. Is All of Me the greatest song you've ever written? I don't know. I think, you know, a lot of, many people say All of Me, some people say Ordinary People. I, I actually like Ordinary People a little bit more as a song personally. And, but part of it's just sentimental because it was so early in my career and it meant so much to me, even being where I am now that it's hard for me to imagine my career without it. And it laid the foundation for All of Me to, to work because once people understood that, you know, man, John Legend, he gonna sit down at the piano Ordinary People created John Legend.


Yeah, Exactly. It, it really like, it set the table for everything else to happen after that. But All of Me by far is the biggest song Yes. Of my career. Yes. It's one of the most popular songs of all, like literally of all time. Like when it comes to streaming, when it comes to all the Sold numbers of 40 million, 40 million records worldwide. Yeah. Is' four is Diamond 14 times platinum? Yeah. All of Me Deron, Pharrell Williams happy. Yeah. On the billboard Hot 100. It's My only number one on the Hot 100. And it's truly still the number one song. If you go to my, you know, any of the streaming platforms, it's the number one song that's played because it's still means a lot to people and they still play it at their weddings and their anniversaries.


And whenever they want to dedicate something to somebody, they love All of Me. Right. Their Go-to, because you told a story that you wrote that song for Chrissy. Yeah. At at the co Forgive me 'cause but I was, I was hoping, I was like, man, if I ever, hopefully I can recall all the stories that he is telling because they're so good. And like I'm saying, I'm, I'm not so sure that people will know this if they haven't go, haven't gone to a show. Yeah. And I know they're not gonna have the recall that I'm able to recall. Yeah. But you wrote this story All of Me for Chrissy. Yeah. Tell me what the thought process was. What, what was going through your mind when you're like, I wanna write a song for my wife? Well, I was writing for my fiance at the time and, and, and honestly during that time I'm like thinking about the fact that we're gonna get married and, and I wanted to write a song dedicated to her.


And one day my manager sent me this Billy Joel song called She's Always a Woman. And she was like, you should write a song like that for Chrissy. And I was like, you're right. And I just started really just thinking about our relationship and what she means to me and what it, what makes our relationship special. And and you know, like I told you before, like some part of what makes our relationship special is that we're not exactly alike. Yes. And there's like a push and pull in a yin and yang situation and the fact that we compliment each other really well and really All of Me was born out of that idea that it's like you're my end and my beginning, even when I lose, I'm winning.


It's like a lot of push and pull Yes. In the lyric and Those perfect imperfections. Yeah, exactly. And a lot of it's like about things that are kind of opposites. Right. Coming together. And, and I think that's what makes it work is people see their own relationship in the song. And it came from a really honest place about my own. And I always tell songwriters, part of what you have to do is be very personal, but also be very universal at the same time. And so like the, the songs that really land are the ones that come from such a real honest place. Yes. Very specific Yes. But also have this universal appeal and applicability to everybody else's life.


And so that's my best songs are the ones that have that personal side, specific side, but also are universal. Right. Love your curves and all your edges, all your perfect imperfections. Yeah. Yeah. It it, and I I think anytime you're with somebody for a long time, you see everything. Yes. And and that's the whole idea of the song is like you see everything and nobody's perfect all the time. Everybody's got moments when they're not at their best. And when you are able to see that and still love that person, that's when you know, you, you you're in the right place. Yes. When it's kinda like, I've, I've asked artists before, like, gimme your favorite songs and they say, well, it's kind like kids.


I don't have a favorite. Yeah. But you do. You do. You do. You absolutely Do. Well, I I think a lot of times for artists, a lot of it is about the place you were in your life Okay. During that time. So that one's always gonna be special because it was right before we got married. Right. And the first time I sang it in front of an audience was at our wedding. Yes. And, and so it's always gonna mean that to me. We filmed the video at the place where we got married the week of the, of the, of the wedding. The same guy who introduced us filmed the video. He the same director that made that very first video, Nobel Elkin, he directed the All of Me video too. And we did it in the place where we fell in love. So it's always gonna be super meaningful to me because of that.


Ha Prior to you singing the song, had she ever heard it? She heard it the first time at home. I was like really proud of it. And I've never done this before and I've never done it since. I came home and sang it to her in her ear. Like literally like as we were about to go to bed, I sang her this song. I was like, I'm I love this song. I wrote this for you. And she started crying. I I was about to. She had to. She had to. And I've never done that since or before. So I knew something was special about it. And one of the things about writing a hit song, like the problem is as a songwriter, you're excited whenever you finish the song, even if it's a, it don't even end up making the album.


So sometimes it's hard for me to distinguish between me being excited that I finished it and it actually being one of my greater songs. And so sometimes you need a little time, you need to play it for other people before you actually know, oh, this is the one. But I loved it and I felt like it was special that day. But like I said, I fall in love with all my songs when I first write 'em. So the more I would play it for other people, I'm like played it for Frank Ocean. He's like, oh my god, this one special played it for Kanye. He's like, oh my god, that one special. And like I played it for all these different people in my life. People with different tastes, different ears, and all of them kept coming back to that one.


I was like, oh, we got one. And it's crazy because it wasn't the first single again, just like Ordinary People wasn't the first single, it wasn't the first single for that album, but I told my label, I was like, this could be my biggest song ever. Please don't fuck this up. Please don't pick it up. Like you have to invest in it. You have to put time in it. And the way it works with r and b artists is that we usually get promoted at urban ac, which is a stationed urban AC stands for Urban Adult Contemporary, which is basically short for black adults. Yeah. So it's black, it's r and b but not rap. Right. Basically. But that's a relatively small portion of the country.


So if you're only being played on urban ac, it's not gonna be a huge hit song. Right. And what I was telling them, and we were doing well with All of Me at Urban ac, that's my home format, that's where most of my records are played. And that's fine. But I was like, yo, this song is not just an RB record. It's Yeah. It could be everywhere. You gotta be multicultural. Yeah. And so I was like, don't literally like don't it up. Like this could be my biggest song ever. And finally they started trying to cross it over to pop. And this was months after it came out. It had already been number one on urban AC for a while. And what happened was, so it came out in like the fall or maybe late summer of 2013, it didn't become a smash until spring 2014.


And what happened was, one, they finally started trying to cross it over to pop radio in early 2014. And then I sang it at the Grammy's and they had like this spotlight on me, but also on Chrissy at the same time. And it was like a moment. And soon as I sang it at the Grammys, it shot up the iTunes charts, which is which, which was a thing at the time. Yeah. We don't even care about the iTunes charts anymore, but iTunes isn't even a thing anymore. Right. But it shot up the iTunes charts after that performance and then eventually shot up the overall charts and became a number one song for weeks at a time. But it was months, many months after it came out.


And it took a long time working it, working it, working it, working at one format and then finally crossing it over the Grammys, all that together made it the hit that it was. When you Sing it at the, at the at at the event, did you get around? Did you get a standing ovation? Oh yeah. Everybody loved it. And it was a moment like social media was around then, like Twitter and everything and everybody was talking about it and you saw it immediately you could see with iTunes charts, like it was instant feedback. Right. And it was happening immediately. And I'm getting emails, texts from my team like, yo John, like your numbers are going crazy everywhere. And it changed my life that moment. Shot it up every chart and it became the, you know, global smash that it was because of it.


Gimme Your top five songs that you think you've written. Hmm. So All of Me and Ordinary People will get two out of five, I'm gonna say again, is one of my favorite songs I've written. It's on my second album. Once again, it's not a hit song, it wasn't even a single, but I just love it. If you ever watch Def Poetry Jam back in the day, I sang it on Def Poetry Jam, which is kind of blasphemous. You're supposed to be a poet on Def Poetry Jam. But that was my version of poetry. So that's three out of five. I'm gonna say glory. Yeah. Bad if you didn't say glory, bad, bad.


I, I get every time John. Every time I


President Trump. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I Read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid For By Harris For president


the NBA is finally back A new season mean new ways to get into the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA who's draining threes from beyond the arc, who's crashing the boards and grabbing rebound. Get behind your favorite player and the prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to DraftKings Sportsbook app Place your bet first time. New Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly take it to the Rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customer. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon, Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. CDK eng.co/b Ball


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave, check out the Remington Balder Pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shaven head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head shaver features a powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour to ensure maximum skin contact on all sides. It's 100% waterproof so you can use it with foam in the shower or dry and is super easy to clean because the cut hair collects in the chamber underneath the shaver heads. The Balder Pro is backed by a five year limited warranty for guaranteed durability and the lithium rechargeable battery delivers up to 50 minutes of cordless runtime from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today. That's balder pro.com for 15% off based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales 12 months ending April, 2024.


Hear that song? I get emotional. Yeah, it is so powerful. Yeah, it is almost like 500 years of our ancestors are calling out. Yeah. And you know, I I grew up studying the civil rights movement. That was inspiring to me. You know? Yes. I'm this nerdy kid and homeschooled and one of the things that inspired me was going to the library and reading about all these folks that fought for us to Yeah. Have the life that we have now. And I was always influenced by them. And people always ask me why you speak out about politics and stuff all the time. And, and so much of it is rooted in understanding what my ancestors did to fight for me to have the freedoms that I have.


And I don't want to take that for granted. And I look at them as an example of what it means to live a meaningful life. And I always knew that I wanted to be a musician, but also that I was gonna use this platform that this life has given me to, to do something else bigger than just my own personal career is actually make a difference in the world and use a platform that I have to make a difference. And all of my favorite artists did it like Stevie, Marvin, Aretha, Nina, Simone, like all these artists knew that it was a special thing for them to have the platform that they had. Right. So not only did they use their platform, they used their money, they funded the civil rights movement. Yes. Like Harry Belafonte and Aretha, they were sending money right.


To Dr. King. They were bailing him outta jail. Right. They were paying for rallies, paying to get folks outta jail. And, and then their songs were being used right as the fuel and the inspiration for these marches that folks were on. So I always looked at that as like, oh, that's what an artist is supposed to do. Right. And so when I wrote Glory for Selma, it was like partly just fulfilling the role that I always thought artists were supposed to play. And if you remember at this time, we are partly responding to the film, but we're also responding to Ferguson and the shooting of Michael Brown and the protests that were happening in the streets of Ferguson, but also all around the country.


And common, when he wrote his lyrics for the verses he was directly referencing, we're walking through Ferguson with our hands up. And so we were always writing for 1965 and for 2014 Right. At the same time. And that's why that song's always gonna be special because it was so inspired by the moment, so inspired by our ancestors and then it turned around and inspired more people to march. Right. So those same people that were marching in Ferguson that inspired us to write the song, they were marching Right. A few years later with our song.


Right. When I think about it, I hear you say that. I hear when Marvin Gaye wrote for, for Vietnam mother, there's far too many of us dying. Yeah. You hear Neil Neil Simone sing A Strange Fruit And Mississippi goddamn. Yeah. And and the most famous one is Sam Cook. A change is gonna come. Yeah. I think when I hear glory and I hear a change is gonna come, I get the same emotion. I, I mean I'm starting to get chills not just thinking about it. Yeah. Because he saying, we gonna write one day when you're saying glory, we're gonna rise up, we're gonna Overcome. Yes. Sam is saying a change is gonna come. I I it doesn't seem like it. Yeah. But I know a change is gonna Come. Yeah. And and you know, and when you think about the experience of black people in America, we've had such a hard time in this country and we're a permanent minority, we're never going to be never the majority in this country.


Nope. And so we're always gonna be at a disadvantage in some way, but we've still, despite all the evidence, despite all the setbacks we've encountered, we've maintained a hope that we could help Yeah. Fuel the change in this country and make it better for ourselves and for our kids. And we've done the work to try to make this country live up to its ideals since day one. Yeah. We just want you to be what you said, you gonna be on that paper what you said you were gonna be. That's all. We don't want anything you said all men We're created equal. We just want you, lets Do that just be what you said. You gonna be on paper Yes. Selling your catalog, you sold your catalog. Was that a hard decision?


So basically the song from 2004 Hold On, hold on. I I I didn't give you my top five. I gave you four. Oh, You gave me four. Okay. Let me think. Number five, You haven't written it yet. I don't know man. I got some favorites. Ooh. Number five I'm gonna say I Wonder Woman from my latest album is in my Top Five. Wow. Yeah, it's, that one feels special.


And it really, like, after seeing everything that Christy and I have been through together, it just felt special to write that song for her. And I really, we really wrote it thinking about mothers and motherhood and how difficult it is and how we should honor that. And that song's always gonna be special to me too. Yeah. Yeah. So anyway, Once you say Wonder Woman, I knew it was for Chris, But it's also thinking about, about the women. Yeah. And, and not just women, but I think motherhood. I was really inspired by seeing how much of a challenge it is to be a mother and all the things your body goes through and, and everything that's so difficult about it. And just honoring that, Selling your catalog.


Yeah. So basically everything from 2004 to 2021 All of Me Ordinary People Glory, but you still own 50% of the catalog. Was that a hard decision? I mean, what, how did you come to that decision? Says, you know what, I'll sell 50% of it. So My decision was one, I thought the market for it was at a high at that time. So I felt like I was getting a very good price. And then secondly, it en enables me to diversify so I can take the cash that they gave me for that and put my money into other investments that would diversify my portfolio to the point where I'm not only reliant on my music as my way of generating equity and income in the future and wealth in the future.


Gotcha. And so that was really the decision, right? It, I felt like it was a high point in the market and then the opportunity to take that money and diversify it. But if, if an artist were to ask you say, John, what should I do? I mean, I saw what you did. Well The cool thing about it, and for me this was a would've been a deal breaker if I couldn't, was I still have enough control that I can say, you can't use it for this, you can't use it for that. Oh, okay. Okay. And there are a lot of, there's still a lot of control in my hands and a lot of restrictions on how it can be used. And so they can't just be out there doing anything they want Willy-nilly with it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Are you team independent or signing with a major label?


I Think times have changed. You know, when I came out it, it was clear that it was better to be with a major label. The level of of investment that it took to actually record an album was so much more. Now you can have the equipment to do it all at home really. And so you, it doesn't cost, you know, half a million dollars to make an album, a million dollars to make an album. You can do it with a lot less. And then now the distribution isn't as physical anymore, even though people still buy vinyl and a little bit of physical product. Most of it is digitally distributed. And so an independent artist can be on Spotify and Apple Music and title and, and, and a major label artist can, the major label still has some advantages.


They have more marketing money, they have relationships and experience that you may not bring to the table, but you can still do a lot of the functions of a record label on your own now. So I think the bar I think is higher for a record label to say, you know, come, come to us. Right. It means they really have to prove to you that they're worth it by investing in you, by using their relationships and expertise and their resource and their resources and they have 'em. Yes. And so if they, if they deploy them on your behalf, it can be helpful and you may not have those resources. And so that's when you gotta make the decision. But a lot of times people are blowing up on social media first with TikTok and different things and it kind of circumvents the, the, the, the gatekeepers and the labels that normally you'd have to impress them first before you could get heard by people.


But now you can get heard and now they come knocking on your door because you were able to get yourself heard without them. Right. You may, even with Drake, you know, earlier, this is earlier before TikTok, he was on mix tapes and he got generated enough buzz with his mix tapes that he had a bidding war and he eventually signed with a major label. But his price, yesterday's price is not today's price. The today's price. Correct. Like it, it went up. Right. And, and so you have to use whatever leverage you have and, and build up your own leverage through working your own product to, to the people to make it. So if you do sign with a label, you're getting them at the price that you deserve to where you have leverage and you have control.


Right. Prince gave you some advice. He said Don't get taken advantage of the music industry and own as much as your masters Yeah. As you and publishing as you possibly can. Yeah. And the thing is that advice goes to anybody, but the bottom line is your negotiating power is what it is. And like the more you're able to do on your own, like Drake did, like any artist that goes independent first, the more you can come to the label if you do get in a situation with them. Right. And you can say, well I I'm actually gonna own my masters, we're gonna do a JA joint venture deal, but I still wanna own these masters or I can do this, I can do that. You can't just say I want it. Right. You have to have the leverage to be able to command that. Right. Right. And so the further I've gone in my career, I've had more leverage to negotiate the kinds of things Right.


That I want do. But early on in your career, you may have to make, like early on in my career I signed through Kanye's production company and some people would say, don't do that 'cause you're gonna give half of whatever you're getting from the label to Kanye or you're gonna give a certain percentage to Kanye, but you'd rather have 50% of a big number Than 400% of nothing than a Hundred percent of a small number. And so you got to do the Math, you gotta wait odd. Yeah. And so it's like if this opportunity is great enough, just like, just like telling Oprah you gotta pay me blah, blah blah to come and do this event. No. The opportunity is so important for you that don't fight for the money now you are invested in your future in in the long run if you do this event.


And so it's like you gotta you gotta think short term and long term when it comes to these kinds of deals. Like what's going to pay off in the future And you'd rather have 60%, 50% of millions of dollars than a hundred percent of hundreds of thousands of dollars. And you want Oprah on your side. Exactly. But I think Prince was coming from speaking from personal knowledge. Oh yeah. 'cause he got into it. I think it with Sony, I I think it was, I think it was Warner Brother Warn Brothers. Yeah. Warner brother. He had gotten into it with them. Yes. And you see all the, I mean, I don't know, I mean you talking about talent beyond on top of talent. On top of Talent, of course one of the most gifted artists we've ever had, Are we gonna see another prince? It's hard man. And you know, I saw Jermaine Dupree on his Instagram the other day talking about one of the issues in black music is that since folks don't go to church anymore or they don't go to church like they used to a lot of the training ground.


Right. For a lot of musicians like myself and Right. So many other artists that we've grown up listening to, they all started in church. Right. And the thing about church, one of the things about church is that you have opportunity every week to practice, to hone your craft, to play for a tough crowd. Like you are developing your chops in a way that there's very few other outlets that are like that for black kids. Right. To develop your chops to become a better musician that the church offers. And so I fear we're like not having enough of those training grounds for artists to be multi-instrumentalist like Prince was and, and and, and be really just talented musicians.


And there's so many shortcuts around it now with ai, with autotune, with all these other things. Like I feel like we're losing some of that, that development when it comes to people becoming great at music about at great at playing an instrument, great at being a vocalist and, and being tested out there in the real world. You mentioned Frank Ocean, that you sent him your album to the song. Well I played it for him. Played, no, not the album, but you played the song for him. Yeah. Frank Ocean. A lot of people say he finessed the system. He had one more album to, to do on Def Jam. Oh I think it's Def Jam. I'm not Familiar with his business situation. So, But he but he he did that. He did that and then he gave gave Apple Exclusive a better album.


I mean Even Swap Ain't No Swindling. I I, I honestly, knowing Frank, I don't think he's calculating in that sense. Like, this man is a, is an artist. Right. And he, he's gonna do what he's gonna do as an artist. I don't think he's sitting there doing the math like, well I owe them this and I'm gonna give them a weaker out. He's not doing that. Right. He's an artist and he cares so much about his craft. Right. He's gonna come out with his music when he wants to come out with it, but it's gonna be based on the art. Right. And I don't, I don't think he's driven by the numbers. I think he's driven by his commitment to The, the product putting out the best product he possibly can. Yeah. Alright. Let's get something that you're very, very passionate about. And you mentioned about this, this has been a long thing in, in your history Yeah.


Is politics. Yeah. And we got Madam vp Yeah. Kamala Harris. And she's going against former President Trump. Yeah. And what we're seeing here is a shift is that a lot more black men and women seem to be leaning towards President Trump. Yeah. How do we ensure that whomever the, now obviously whomever the candidate is that they do what they say they're gonna do to guard when they were like, we want the black vote, we want the black vote, we want the black vote. And they come to churches and they come to all this thing. Yeah. How do we ensure John that they do what they say they're gonna do once they get in office?


First of all, I think I always start with, let's question the whole narrative that she's gonna lose a bunch of black men. I don't believe that's actually the case. Okay. And even if you look at the polls right now Yeah. Even a little bit of drift is still, she's still getting like 80, she's still getting like 80 some percent. So of all the human beings in America, of all the voters in America, black people are going to vote for her at a higher percentage than any other people in the country. Right. So if she loses, it is not gonna be on us. Right. Right. Okay. And it's not gonna be on black men. Correct. Like if we're voting for her, four out of five of us are voting for her. That's a lot of people. Yeah, absolutely. And, and so I don't ever want the narrative to be, oh, Trump is winning black men in droves.


He might be going from 10% to 17%, which is meaningful. It might be enough to win Pennsylvania if he loses enough black men, if he, if she loses enough black men in Philadelphia, it might tip Pennsylvania. So it's meaningful in that sense. But let's be clear, black men and black women are in overwhelming numbers more than any other demographic group in the country going to vote for Kamala Harris. So let's start with that. Okay. But to the extent that she does lose any of them, we have to figure out why and do our best to go out there and convince folks to change their mind back to her. And she's going out there and doing the work.


Yes. She's specifically targeting policies toward our community. She knows one for one black unemployment is lower than it's ever been. So that means we're working, that means we're generating income. Right. But one of the things she knows we could do better is generate wealth. Correct. And so a lot of her policies are around wealth building. Right. So it's one thing to have income, that's your job, that's your salary. But wealth is something we've been denied in this country because redlining excluded us from certain neighborhoods, made it hard for us to get a home loan so we could buy a house and build that wealth that we could pass on to our kids. So one of the biggest issues we've dealt with since we've been here, since we've been freed from slavery, was we couldn't have that kind of home equity Yeah.


That other families have had. We Didn't have the Access. We didn't have the access. And so the biggest gap is the wealth gap. It's not the income gap. So what is she doing to target that? She's saying we're gonna make it easier to make a down payment. We're going to, for first time home buyers, we're gonna give you $25,000. We're going to make sure there are more homes built that are affordable so that we increase the supply and make it more available for folks that have been excluded before. So you can make that investment in something that you can pass on to your kids and build wealth for your families. And then the other way we can build equity is through our own businesses. Yeah. And she's also making it easier for you to get a small business loan.


And, and so these are things that are specifically targeted toward folks that have been excluded from the system before, excluded from wealth building before. And we're gonna benefit more from this than any other group. And it's not only for us, but because of disparity, it's so big in our community, it's gonna help us more than it helps other communities. And that is key to have a president that is thinking about the actual issues that we face, knowing that there's a big wealth gap and having specific policies targeted toward fixing that she's doing that right. And her opponent is not doing it at all. And at the same time, her opponent is denigrating us, disrespecting us.


Sometimes people talk about him and they just talk about how he's kind of impolite. Like he says things that he's not supposed to say. No. Dig a little deeper. This man thinks we are inferior. Yes. He believes when you notice, when he talks about immigration, he's talking about black and brown people coming from the global south and he says, they're up our gene pool, they're poisoning the blood of America. So what he's saying is, the ideal version of America is a white America. And anytime brown people infiltrate America, they're messing up the blood of America.


They're messing up the gene pool of America. And that takes us back to Hitler. That takes us back to eugenics. That takes us back to folks who believe there's a genetic hierarchy that's racially determined the race is superior to the other. Yes. And I just can't imagine it couldn't be me, a black man voting for somebody who believes so deeply that black men are inferior to him because we're black. I can't imagine doing it right. And I just don't see it happening in large numbers. And so I get people's concern if it's going from 10% to 17%, that is a concern.


But I think most black men are gonna be like the choice is clear. And I think most black women are gonna do the same thing. And you know, I think of President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division.


I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris For president,


Looking for a fast and comfortable head shave. Check out the Remington Balder pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shaving head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head shaver features a Powerflex 360 degree neck and five dual track heads that pivot and contour to ensure maximum skin contact on all sides. It's 100% waterproof so you can use it with foam in the shower or dry and is super easy to clean because the cut hair collects in the chamber underneath the shaver heads. The Balder Pro is backed by a five year limited warranty for guaranteed durability and the lithium rechargeable battery delivers up to 50 minutes of cordless runtime from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to balder pro.com for 15% off today. That's balder pro.com for 15% off based on two day growth source Rcna retail tracking service, US sales 12 months ending April, 2024.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh, stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon. Now


As a father too, like I have two boys and two girls, there's not a chance in the world that I ever want any of my sons to grow up and be like Donald Trump. He's the opposite of what I want my kids to be. He's a liar. He's unaccountable. Yeah, he's a racist. He doesn't do the homework. Like he's never prepared. He's a bully. Doesn't pay people that he owes money to. Like, there's not a trait of his that you want your kid to have. Other than that he's rich and he got rich from $400 million that his father gave him. How many of us have access to that? And so like as a father raising two sons, he's the exact example of what I don't want them to be.


Right. And then as a father, raising two daughters, Kamala is an example of what I would love for them to be. I would love for them to be her, to be as smart and focused and dedicated to service as she's been, to be as qualified as she is for this position. And as a father of two black girls who up to this point would never have an example of a woman being president, men have had plenty of chances to be president. This country of varying degrees of success and competence. It's about time reelect a woman to be and someone that's so qualified, so ready for the moment who has clearly distinguished herself as the better candidate through policies, through just competence.


Have you watched him talk lately? He watches his rallies. She tells everybody, watch his rallies. Please watch his rallies. Y'all, if you are having any second thoughts about voting for Kamala Harris, watch one of her rallies and watch one of his. The the, the comparison when it comes to competence, just being with it like it's not even close. But when I hear black men and some black women say that money was flowing when President Trump, and I'm thinking to myself, I missed it. I must have been out. I must been outta country those four years. Well Your money's been doing very well lately. But I, But but that's what I'm saying. I, I'm in a, I'm in a, and this is what I tell people and I'm trying, not trying to brag and brag or put anybody down, but I'm in a si I'm, I'm in a, the Lord has blessed me.


I'm in a Situation Absolutely me too. That it doesn't matter President. And by the way, and by The way, this G glass could be the president and I'm gonna be unimpacted by And Also if we were being selfish, yes. We'd be just fine with Trump winning. 'cause our taxes are gonna go down. He, he wants rich people to pay less TA in taxes. Yes. So if I'm being selfish, yes. I'm voting for him. Yes. Because he's going to lower my taxes. If you're running a big corporation, he's very concerned about making sure you're paying lower taxes. Right. I run, I run a business. Exactly. So if it were just up to our own selfish desire. Correct. We're in a tax bracket where he would benefit us, but I think we're both men of responsibility.


Yeah. We care about, He ain't gonna benefit enough of us though. Exactly's My problem and, and I'm gonna do fine either way. Like I'm doing fine under Biden paying higher taxes than I would under Trump. Either way I'm doing fine. Correct. But I care about my responsibility to my community. And when I see someone with such contempt for my people. Yes. When, if I'm a Latino man, I watched that Republican national convention and they actually went to the printer and made mass deportation, now signs mass deportation now, of all the things you could put on a sign of all the things you could print up, you went, you like you.


The level of intention that has to go into having the whole arena, holding mass deportation now signs. It means they really mean that shit. They mean it of course to their core. And, and what mass deportation now means. If you are a citizen now and you're a Latino man, or you come from an immigrant family, you may be fine 'cause you were born here. But there's somebody in your family. Most of these families are mixed status families. So some of them were born here and they have citizenship, but their grandmother, their aunt, their uncle, somebody in their family doesn't have status. So he's gonna go through each of these communities and extract their family members and mass deport them.


He's gonna start by having the ice or the police invade their homes, build a camp, a detention camp. Some would say a concentration camp to detain them and then forcefully send them back home. As a Latino man, I couldn't hear that and be like, oh, this is the guy I work for to be in charge. Like, think about your community, think about your family as a black man, knowing how much contempt he has for us, how inferior he thinks we are. Every time there's a chance to side with either the police who shot us or us the victim of it.


He sides with the police. He said he wants blanket immunity, blanket for cops. Police Could do no wrong. They Can do no wrong. No accountability. They shoot us up, doesn't matter. No accountability. He wants that. It couldn't be me, couldn't be me bone. And so hopefully people will analyze his record, analyze the difference between the policies, right. That she's offering what she actually put thought into and care into. Right. Addressing our needs and the fact that he's put no care or thought into it. And, and you know, I think another thing that he benefits from is the propaganda of him being on the Apprentice.


So he was able to market himself as a successful businessman, not noting how many times he went bankrupt. And, and just be clear when somebody goes bankrupt, it's not just that their business fails, it means they're not paying everybody they owe money to. That means they're not paying the contractors. So a lot of these folks were everyday contractors. They're not rich. Yeah. There are people that they Went outta business 'cause they didn't get, They, they're plumbers that are helping to build his hotel. They're contractors that are doing all sorts of things. He just stiffed them. And he knew that if they tried to sue him, they'd lose more money paying for lawyers and doing all that stuff, then they would actually get their money back. So he basically waited them out.


And so he just went through life conning people, defrauding people, stiffing people that he owed money to. And his only reason he got into business at all was he got $400 million from his dad. That's not a great businessman to me. Right. That's not a businessman to any, you talk to any CEO or any person that's actually succeeded in business the right way. They don't look up to that man. Right. He's a con artist. Couldn't be me man. I'm not voting for him. And it's clear, like to me it's clear why nobody should, When you hear and you a a lot of, a lot of concerns, some of the concerns, not all, but some of the concerns is that now Madam bp, she isn't black enough, She's mixed, her daddy's black, her mom's Indian.


Right. There's a lot of mixed folks in America. You know, The police pull her over, she gets pulled over there and say, I I I think she Indian, she black, She black, She walk into a store, she black. And by The way, she's about to be, if she wins the first president from HBCU. Yeah. Yeah. I like, like from Howard University. Yes. Yes. From Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Incorporated. Yeah. Like, are we kidding? Like those are choices she made. Right. Like she could have gone a different way. Like I went to a primarily white institution. She, she could have gone anywhere she wanted. Right. She went to Howard, she pledged AKA. Right. Like she black y'all. Right. That's not even a question.


But John, a lot of people have her policies when she was, I guess the da I think in the Bay Area. Yeah. Some of her policies where she locked up black men. Well That I, I think a lot of people have re-looked at that because that was misinformation that was being spread about her. So there was some report that she was locking up thousands of black men on marijuana charges. She locked up very few on marijuana charges at all as a district attorney. Right. And a percentage of them were black men. But even in general, the whole list was not a long list at all. That was just completely incorrect. And then they started to blame her as Attorney General for all of the people who were locked up in the state of California when the Attorney general in the state doesn't even deal with marijuana cases.


So they were blaming her for stuff that local das were charging all throughout California. That's not her job. Right. Attorney generals of a state don't deal with marijuana crimes locally. And so she was being blamed for that when it wasn't even her. So this, this was com, like you saw dl, he came out and was like, I was wrong about that. Right. I was spreading that and it just wasn't true. And I respect DL for, for, for coming out and saying, you know, I, I spread this and I was incorrect and I learned the truth and I came back and told folks that wasn't true. Right. And so hopefully people are dispelled of those lies. But it's hard though. There's so much media out there and people get their media from everywhere. Right. And so you could be misinformed about things and just not know.


And you know, that's why I think it's smart that she's going on different types of media now. Right. Talking to Charlamagne, talking to, you know, different Outlets. Different outlets so that she reaches people where they are and where they listen. And when you look at the problem, a lot of problems that I have is that all of a sudden the VP has so much power now. Well what about your policies when actually, unless the president is incapacitated, she doesn't have any power. Right. You know? Well, whenever something goes wrong, they want to It is the be Yeah. It it is Her fault. You know that I notice it with JD Vance all the time. He is like under the Kamala Harris administration. I'm like that, that Not, I thought it was the Biden administration. I thought she was the vice president. Yeah. And the thing is, the VP is in the room.


Okay. So she should get the credit for being in the room and having the experience that that gives her of being in the room when all these big decisions are made. She's speaking up, she's busy, she's involved, she's watching the decision making apparatus of being president. Right. So that actually makes her more qualified to be president. Correct. Yes. But she wasn't the president. She was not the president. So when things are happening, it's because Biden decided they're going to happen. Correct. And she can have an input, she can have decision making influence, but it's the Biden presidency. And they can let VPs do as much as they want to let them do. And some VPs are shut out. They're not involved in the decision making.


At least she's in the room and she has influence. But the president is the president and we only have one president at a time. And she's campaigning to be the president. And you'll notice, first of all, we don't need to shy away from Biden's record. The economy is doing very well. It is, unemployment is very low, including in the black community. The biggest issue that I think most people rightfully are worried about is cost of living. And she's ready to make a change when it comes to that. She's trying to make it more affordable for you to get a house trying to stop price gouging so your groceries don't go up unnecessarily. She's trying to make your drugs when it comes to pharmaceuticals, cost, cost less. Capping those, negotiating for those.


So there are all kinds of ways she can influence the cost of living, whether it's going to school, buying a house, paying for pharmaceuticals, paying for healthcare. All these things cost a lot of money for a lot of people. And it makes it hard for people to live even if they've got a job, even if they got an income. And so it's good that under Biden unemployment's very low. It's good that the economy's come back better than any other country after the, after the pandemic. Pandemic. Yeah. So let, let's remember what happened. If you look at a graph, it's very clear. Obama inherited the financial collapse. The the second greatest recession in the history. Yes. He inherited next to the Great Depression.


It was the worst. So we come out of financial collapse and Obama brings the economy back. Yeah. Trump comes in, everybody's like, he's the businessman. He's just coasting on Obama's economy. If you look at the graph, it had already been coming up and he just kind of kept it afloat. Right. And then the pandemic comes and we have a massive crash. And then Biden, just like Obama had to clean up the financial collapse. Biden had to, Biden had to clean, clean up the pandemic collapsed. Right. And he came in and passed major laws that changed this country. So one of them was a recovery act. Put money in people's pockets, the child tax credit, hald child poverty, put money in everybody's pockets.


And then they passed infrastructure so they could build and employ more construction workers. They passed the chips act so that more high tech manufacturing jobs are back in America. And if you go around the country and a place where I grew up, that's a big reason why there are more jobs. That's why the Haitians are coming to Springfield. It's 'cause there are more jobs, there are more manufacturing jobs. So Biden did a great job bringing us back from the pandemic. If you ask any country around the world, they, the economist just put out a, a magazine where the, the cover title was American Economies, the Envy of the World. Wow. And do we have things we still need to work on? Of course, affordability is the main one.


And that's why Kamala is focused on affordability. Right. Home affordability, college affordability, healthcare, affordability. Some of the biggest costs that we all deal with. That's what she's focused on. What is Trump gonna do? He wants to, his big two things. You have a concept. His big two, two things when it comes to the economy though, are one, he wants to make sure that rich people still have their tax cuts. So he's gonna help me and you, but not most people. Right. And then he, he's gonna put a sales tax on everything we buy because he calls it a tariff. Tariff means everything that's imported. Right. He's gonna put a tax on it. And he believes because he doesn't understand any economy that if he puts it on everything coming from China or India or Mexico or Europe, that they're gonna pay.


No. They price it in and we pay. We pay. Right. So when he says he's gonna put a tariff on everything important, that means he is gonna put a sales tax on everything important. And the thing about a sales tax is regular folks working class, middle class people spend a higher percentage of their money than rich people do. Correct. So when a sales tax hits, it hits working people harder, harder than it hits people with money because most of their money is coming in and then going back out and buying things. And anything that has a foreign component, the price is about to go up. So he's going to increase cost for people. And they say it's gonna make inflation go right back up.


Right when it's down right now. So the difference is so clear, like, no, Trump is not the right candidate for any of us. Let's get rid of him. Let's be done with him. Aren't you tired of him being on the news? Are you tired of it? Like, I'm so tired of seeing his face that, that I'm tired of seeing that orange makeup. I don't like, I'm tired of It. If it's not sports, I don't really watch it that much anymore. So I'm, I'm waiting till this cycle. I'm tired. Please God, get him out of our lives. I'm gonna get you out on this. If Madam vp, if she becomes Madam President, what's gonna be the impact she has on the black community? Well, first of all, we need to make sure we elect a Senate that's going to work with her.


Yes. So let's make sure everybody's focused, not just on the presidency, but the Senate and the Congress, all those people. Because she can go in there and say, I'm doing this, this, this, and this. But if she can't get them to vote for it, it doesn't become a law until We vote for we, we, we saw that with President Obama. Exactly. And he lost the Senate and he couldn't get Mayor Garland. He couldn't get anything. Yes. And so when you vote, think holistically think all these people are going to influence this. But if she is the president, you know that she's gonna spend every day thinking about what it means to be a working class person, a middle class person in this country. And particularly knowing what it's like to be a person of color growing up in this country. She's thinking about the issues that we have to deal with, like I said before, the wealth gap, affordability.


And she's gonna be thinking about those issues every single day and trying to make it easier for you to live the American dream. And I, I I think it's so clear that she has a plan to make people's lives better, more affordable, more successful. And her opponent does not have a plan and appears to be falling apart. Every time I watch him on television, he not gonna make it. Y'all like, like he looks exhausted. He looks, he's like muttering, like all the things they were saying about Biden, like he's the old guy now. Right? Like, he's not ready to do this for another four years. He doesn't have the plans, he doesn't have the character, he doesn't have the integrity.


Just imagine all the people that work for him, especially the people that worked in defense and anything to do with national security. They're like, y'all don't, don't vote for him. Right. He, he's not safe. He's a dangerous person for this country. Can you imagine any other person running for president and half of their cabinet won't come out and support him? His vice president who he almost got killed won't support him. Wow. John, I wanna thank you for coming. Glad. Is there anything that you wanna promote? You got your album? I mean the, Well, I, I did a special album for my kids and for people with kids all around the world. It's called My Favorite Dream. And I just put that out a few weeks ago. Okay.


And I love it. I'm really proud of it. We put a lot of intention and love into the album. And so, you know, as the news is very stressful, it is a nice thing to calm you down. Right. And then we're about to go on a Christmas tour so people can get tickets for that all around the country. So I'm looking forward to that. You know, I, I try my music, you know, I write the glories and and songs like that, but I also want to make people, you know, get an escape from all the, the troubles of the world too. And, and I feel like this Christmas show and the children's album, it is a good escape from, from all the bad news we see. John Legend, My brother. I'm glad you bro do it. Thank you man. I appreciate that All my life. Grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle, paid the price.


Want, slice, got the brother d the squad. All my life I been grinding all my life. Grinding


Chase, freedom, unlimited rewards, all that you are with cash back on every purchase. Redefining Beauty is about being authentically you. I'm David e Co-founder and CEO of a gender inclusive beauty brand from the everyday essentials that keep me glowing to finding the shades and colors that represent me. Freedom Unlimited rewards me for being me with cash back on every purchase. How do you cash back? Learn more at chase.com/freedom Tobe Chase. Make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply. Offer subjects to change. Cards are issued by JPMorgan Chase Bank, a member FDIC.


President Trump. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I Read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


s Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.