
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


What's good, Justin Jefferson Here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds, To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Have you Googled yourself lately? Are there negative posts from an ex-employee or from a former client? Maybe an outdated news article. Search engines don't always get it right, for right or wrong. It's your reputation on the line. That's where Reputation Defender by Norton comes in. Take control with Reputation Defender. Their cutting edge approaches help you to wipe away unwanted information in your search results. They also promote the good stuff. You can start by getting your free reputation report card@reputationdefender.com, or call 808 1 1 49 75 to speak to an expert.


Thank You. Judy calls for us on Call of Duty to go and place on Black Ops. Six. I'll take it from here. Thank you. Yes. Every vote counts, sir. Who's next? Who's next? Oops. One for your son. Here you go. Hey, come back here. Hey, what's his name? Pop Tart Henry. Scratch and sniff the smell of freedom. Madam bp, you're a couple years older than myself, so we kind of grew up in the age, but I'm only, I'm only 35. Come on now. I'm your guest. No, but you. Only 30. I'm gonna give you a shovel in a minute.


I see, I see you won't let it go. Dang. All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice and swat all my life. I be grinding all my life. Yeah, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. This episode is brought to you by Call of Duty, black Ops six. The woman that's stopping by for conversation on the drink today. She's the highest ranking woman in US history. She's made a career of being first.


She's the first woman to serve as Attorney General African American, Asian American descent. She's also district. She's been district attorney of San Francisco. She was the nation's first Indian American senator. She's the first woman, first black Asian American to be elected vice president. She set the record for the most tie-breaking votes, cast by vice president. She's the first black woman, Asian American in US history to win the presidential nomination of, of a major party. She's the first HBCU grad making us proud. She's a Howard University alum. She's a member of the prestigious Alpha Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority. Here she is. And in person, Madam VP Kamala Harris, Madam vp. How you doing? Thank You very well, Shannon.


How You doing? It is an extreme honor, privilege, and a pleasure to have you on Club Sheshe cj, who's the producer here when we started this journey? Madam VP four years ago. Celebrities, athletes, entertainers, influencers. Yeah. VPs and presidential hopefuls world on the bingo card. See you here. So I wanna thank you very much. I thank you. When we have guests come on, Madam Bp, we like to toast. And what I read on this card, you didn't, you don't deserve this. You earned this being the first in so many areas and you make us proud. I just want you to know, you make us proud, but what you've been able to accomplish, and we're 12 days away and we hope you have an even greater accomplishment.


Thanks. So here's to continuous success and everything you've done and everything that you will do. Oh, bless you. And thank you. And to you, Shannon, thank you to you for all the success and the voice you give to so many issues. Thank you for that. Thank you very much. And cheers to you. Cheers. And I, I'm not gonna actually drink this 'cause I might fall asleep and I need to do this. I don't, I don't want you to fall asleep with Barack Obama this afternoon. We don't want you to fall asleep. So Here's, here we are. Cheers to everybody. So before we get into the things that you want to do once you become President of the United States, I wanna go back when you found out when President Biden called you and said that he was no longer going to seek reelection. Yeah.


And you got that call. Do you remember where you were and what you thought when you heard him say these words to you? I do. So I was home. It was a Sunday afternoon, and my niece, her husband and their two young daughters were visiting and staying with us. And I promised the kids I'd have pancakes and bacon and everything. Okay. And then after that, I had a puzzle for the kids and we were sitting down to do the puzzle. Okay. And the phone rang. Okay. And it was President Biden. And so that's when he told me, and it was obviously life changing in so many ways. But, you know, I have to tell you, Shannon, I I, at that moment, I knew what it would mean, but not in the detail of it.


But I, I certainly understood the seriousness and the gravity of the moment. And actually one of the first people I called was my pastor. Wow. Okay. I knew I needed a moment to just be still and for my spirit and my mind to have clarity about the seriousness of the moment and my role. And I'll never forget right. That that call or that moment or that day, Your life instantaneously changed in that moment. Yes, it did. Because now all of a sudden you weren't gonna be running, you weren't gonna be the VP anymore. You were gonna be front and center.


Right. And you knew what the undertaking having been four years as the vice president, what that moment would mean. I, I had a, I had a sense of it, you know, like so many of us, you know, when you, you know, you, you, this is your life, right. So there are those moments where your instinct kicks in sometimes before your conscious mind and thoughts do. Right. And my instinct kicked in immediately that I need to focus and I need to do certain things immediately, which included making, I, I think we estimated, I made over a hundred calls that day. My team and I have an incredible team all came in and you, nobody expected. Right. It was a Sunday afternoon.


Correct. In fact, we actually joked who had taken a shower that day because, you know, people came in and their workout clothes. Right. You know, different people and you know, a bandana around the head just, you know, and came in and we then for hours and hours, well into the night. Did You tell them, did what, did you tell them why you had summoned them to come to your place? Did you give them that news? Or you, or were you waiting for them to get there to share that news with them? Well, So the news started to, to leak out matter pretty much immediately. And, but, you know, I, the, of the many blessings that I have and have had, one of them is an incredible team of people around me.


You know what that's like? Yes. Where they're just there and they will rise to a moment. And no matter how high that moment is or meaning, how, how serious it is and what I love, and it's certainly my own work ethic, that there is no job too small or too big if there's something that needs to get done. So, although you have a, a huge role now, what's a typical day like for you now once you've been thrust into this? What time are you normally getting to bed? What time are you getting up and what's some of the activities that you do on a given day? I, I'm having, I'd probably estimate 14 hour, 15 hour days.


Okay. When I wake up, no matter how little sleep or how much sleep I've had, I work out every morning. Okay. Okay. You know, you know, yes. This like mind, body, and spirit. Right. And, and then, you know, and this, that's the only time of my day I really own. And then it is these days, I, it, it's not unusual for me to be in three or even four cities in one day. Rallies with thousands of people, 10,000 people showing up, making calls to folks just now. I landed in Atlanta, the mayor of Atlanta, who greets me every single time.


So I'll talk with elected leaders who are supportive about, so for example, here in Atlanta, what do we need to do to make sure that we're giving folks the resources to knock on doors and remind folks of the power of their voice. And 12 days in, it really is a lot about trying to focus on getting folks to know their power. To not let anybody suppress or silence their voice and to vote. Right. So break folks, what does, what does, what does Madam VP eat for breakfast? Or do you have time to, or is it on to go? No, I, I, you know, I, when I was younger, I didn't think I needed breakfast. I wasn't a breakfast eater. Okay. Now I have breakfast every morning. It's usually a, a spinach omelet.


I'm very exciting. Right. But it's protein with a little vegetable. And, you know, I, I like chicken apple sausage and, and some toast. And, and then I'm, I'm, I'm gone. Madam vp, you're a couple years older than myself. So we kind of grew up in the eighties, but I'm only, I'm only 35. Come on Now. I'm your guest. No, but you only 30. But you, but we, we grew up. But just keep moving because you, I'm gonna give you a shovel in a minute. I see, I see. You won't let it go. Dang. We could have just moved on past that real quick. But you drew attention to it. But we, we grew up in the seventies with music Yes. Of winning fire Ohio players. Oh Yes. Fire you. I mean, come on. Oh, you were like, fire.


Come on. Okay. I Hate Dun. Yes. Dun Dun. Yes. What do you listen to now? Oh, you know, I wish I were listening to more music, to be honest with you, because I lo it just, but when I, You don't downtown, like, when you have downtime, I Don't have any downtime really. I, I know my little violin I'm playing right now with you. I really don't. But when I, I love, I love jazz. You know, if it's from Thelonious Monk to Miles Davis, I love Aretha. I was just with Stevie. Right. I thought Stevie's, can I tell you? Yes, you can. Bucket list Stevie Wonder on my birthday sang me Happy birthday.


Happy Birthday to me. Oh My God. Can you imagine? No, I was, I was literally, I it was, it was surreal. Can you a bucket list moment, right. When Stevie Wonder himself, it sings you Happy birthday As an 18-year-old. Yeah. Could you imagine? Never your life would've been like this. Never. This many years later. Never. Lemme tell you, my mother loved, she had every Stevie and every Aretha Franklin record, every album. Like literally every one of them. So for, I mean, you know, songs in the Key of Life, like all those, all those Stevie songs that were about everything from the movement to optimism.


I would've never at 18 thought that he'd be singing me Happy birthday ever. Never, never. That's the least. I mean, but obviously everybody knows who Stevie is. He was a trial prodigy, 13 years old. Yes. Yes. And he was doing great things. But to see Madam vp what you've been able to do, you've had so many firsts. The first attorney, gen woman, attorney general. Yeah. African American, Asian American descent. You was the DA of San Francisco. You was the first Indian American US Senator To be and second black woman ever in the history of the United States Senate elected second in the history of the United States Senate. Have you had an opportunity to sit back and reflect and it's like, wow.


But work is not yet done. That's more where I am. The work is not done. The work is not yet done. There's so much to do. I mean, from, to your point, being in the Senate. So I, there is a weight of responsibility that I, I know we all feel when we have been blessed with an experience that allows us to be a role model and to hopefully inspire people and to remind them of what's important or, or point out the things that need to be addressed. So for example, as only the second black woman elected to the United States Senate, I took on a real role of leadership around black maternal mortality, which affects black women and affects their spouses, their husbands, their families, their children.


And I feel a sense of responsibility and a very strong duty to make sure that I use my voice and in a way that is about lifting up people who have not always been in the room. Hello America. Mr. States in shape stepped out for some lockup six, but I'm here as his replacer. Let's start with Texas, shall we? Well, I think this is, I mean, Ooh, things are moving Here. Oh, I can go on there. Yep. Yeah. That's all for today folks. Check in tomorrow.


If you could speak to your 18-year-old self, what would you tell her? If I could speak to my 18-year-old self, I would probably tell her continue to keep your friends. You know, my best friend from kindergarten is still one of my best friends. What? Yes. In fact, Y'all made to the first greatest, best friend. She's Yes. In fact, she's been out knocking on doors in North Carolina just this last week for me. Wow. I would say, you know, hold onto to those, to hold onto that, which is, your friends are so important.


Your family is so, so important. I would probably encourage myself at 18 to remember that you have a lot of people who are supporting you, even if they don't know you. You know, that's what I mentor a lot of people, Shannon. So this is what I'm really reflecting on, which is what I tell the young people I mentor, including to know that even when you are in that room and you're the only one who looks like you or who has had your life experience to know you are not alone in that room. And that you must therefore walk in that room, chin up, shoulders back, knowing we're all there applauding you. When I mentor young women and men, I remind them that you are often gonna be told, well, it's not your time, not your turn.


You're too young. Nobody like you has done this before. And, and I tell them, you know what? Don't you ever listen to that. I like to say I eat no for breakfast. I don't hear no. You ask me what I ate for breakfast. I eat no breakfast. No, I don't hear it. Right. And that's part of what are my life lessons that I try to share with young people to remind them that you cannot ever be burdened by other people's limited ability to understand who you are. Like, don't let their limited ability burden you. Right. About your own ability. You know, Madam vp, you were raised by a single mom.


What did that experience tell you about your mom and what did it tell you about you? Well, it told me that one of the things that is precious is to build community and family. Okay. Like my mother, she, she understood that there is a community that she wanted her children to be raised in. And she was very intentional and purposeful about that. And so I always say to people, even when I took the stage as the nominee for the Democratic nomination, that, you know, there is the family that you have by birth and there's also the family you have by love and they're equally family.


Yes. Right. And I learned that from my mother. So my mother, I had all these aunties and uncles, my Uncle Sherman, who was one of the first black men to graduate from Berkeley School of Law, who when we were young girls, sat us down and taught us how to play chess. Because Uncle Sherman said, you need to understand how the chess board works. 'cause that's the way the world works. They're gonna be different players with different moves and you need to see the whole board. My mother raised us around, like my auntie Chris, who went to Howard in the fifties and pledged Alpha Kappa Alpha.


And she was one of my incredible role models growing up. And that was one of the big reasons I wanted to go to Howard University and pledge Alpha Kappa Alpha. Those are some of the lessons that I've learned from my mother. And I try to also share with people, right. Which is the beauty of community. And it's, it's the way I am. Right. Which is, you know, the children in my life, whether they be my own or you know, my godchildren or whomever. Right. That it, it's a collective responsibility that we have. Did You, did you know you were different? I mean, were there a lot of people in the community that looked like you and like your mom? Or, or, or did your mom tell you you were different?


Well, my mother taught us to, and, and everyone in my growing up, you know, they would tell all of us kids that we were special. Okay. I don't think we were particularly special. Right. But they told us we were. And we believe them. Yes. We believe them. I think that's such a, an important part of what we can all do for the children and the children in our lives. And you know, but my mother raised two black girls to be proud. Black women. One of you back to music, one of the soundtracks from my childhood was, you know, you are young, gifted and black.


You know, and that's what it was. I'll get the phone number later. And we're back. America, your moderators, they got a hankering for Call of Duty. They're off playing Black ops scrap the what is democracy Without feedback and without some freebies. Here comes the free t-shirts. Woo. Three pointer. You lost your mom to cancer. Yeah. You were very close to your mom because you was a single parent and that was pretty much what you had. Although you had a community Yeah.


To help raise you. Yes. How did you deal? How did you cope with that loss? Grief is difficult. It's difficult. You know, there are two sides to the coin about when you have relationships in your life that touch you deeply and then to lose that person, it leaves a big void. Right. It does. That's the two sides. And I think that part of what I was just talking about this, but the big part about grief is especially if you lose somebody to, to a sickness, to an illness, I think it's a really important that you try to remember them as they lived and not as they died. Right.


Because I think that's how they'd want us to remember them. But also to remember their suffering, which hopefully was a fraction of their time on this earth, is to compound the grief in a way that I think it, it adds to the pain. And what they'd want is that their active memory, that our active memory of them is about when they were vibrant and alive. Right. So Let's get into things that will change what will happen if you were to become president, say in the next 12 or 13 days. Poll suggests that voters trust President Trump, former President Trump moral the economy. What can you tell the voters, our viewing audience, our listening audience, that if you were to become president while Madame VP Kamala Harris will be much better on the economy than what President Trump was?


Well, so I'm really glad you brought that up, Shannon. So first of all, let's clear up certain myths. Okay. You know those checks that went out? Yes. Those ski Right. Right. The stimulus checks. Yeah, I know. Well, right. Yes. We gotta be full stimulus, but they call 'em stimulus. It's okay. The reason those came about is because there was a Democratic majority in the House of Representatives in Congress. People like Maxine Waters, people like Hakeem Jeffries, right? Yes. Who did the work of pushing to say people need help right now and we need to send out checks. There was a whole lot of opposition to it, including from Donald Trump's White House.


Yes. Even him, I think he was resistant to it at First. Yes. That's why those checks. Remember Congress holds the purse. Yes. So really Congress wrote those checks. But then Donald Trump, unlike any president before or after, decided he put his name on those checks. So therefore people thought so. People thought Donald Trump, they gave me that check. And so let's clear that up first and foremost. Okay. But let's also deal with where he was in terms of his policies on the economy. He gave the biggest tax cuts for billionaires and the biggest corporations, which caused an incredible deficit. He tried to get rid of the Affordable Care Act, which we also call Obamacare, which benefited so many people, including and in particular black people in America, who otherwise were denied by the insurance company's health coverage 'cause of preexisting conditions.


Yes. That's most important. Let let the people know. Right. With a, with a Affordable Care Act. If you have a preexisting condition, insurance companies could no longer deny you coverage. That's Exactly right. And if you think about what that means in the context of also knowing the big health disparities we have in the black community. Right. And how more likely therefore black folks might be to have preexisting conditions Have blood pressure, diabetes, all of that. Certain cancers, all Of that. Yes. Asthma for our children. Yes. Sickle cell traits, It's all of that. So by getting rid of the preexisting condition ban, what that did. But he wanted to get rid of the Affordable Care Act.


Right. What we have done in part of my policies going forward include what we need to do to not only retain the cap that we got on insulin at $35 a month for seniors. By the way, black folks are 60% more likely to be diagnosed with diabetes.


Correct. The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Konecky is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow. And our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election, Tuesday, November 5th, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on MSNBC


Attention, parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in A USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank under the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday season sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday season gifts today. Happy riding.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode, but this is my lock. Michigan, I think destroys Michigan's Day. You just gave me the only stat I need. So put me down for the Spartans. Billy Matt has a great record. You should be telling Matt this season. But the moment he starts giving away salaries and guarantee and I think he loses his way a little bit. There's no way Michigan I Going, This game is at Michigan, right? It is. It's in the big house. There's some truth to That dude. Michigan, I'm trusting a rivalry Game. This is, you have no faith in the big blue of Michigan. No, no. I have no faith in your luck of the week.


It has nothing to do with the teams. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts. He wants to get rid of it with that project. 2025. Everybody needs to check that out. What he would do to get rid of social security or at least raise the age to 70. So you'd have to work to 70 to to be able to qualify. Right. Get rid of Medicare, get rid of the Affordable Care Act. And that's just on health policy. Not to mention bringing back not only tax cuts for the richest people, but what he would do that is about eliminating or reducing the ability of corporations to require, be required to pay overtime over time pay. So You'd have, you could work and the corporations wouldn't have to pay you for For overtime who worked for free.


That's right. And overtime means you are actually working a longer day, which means you are more tired. Right. Which means it requires more exertion. That's why we have overtime pay. So you don't take advantage of workers. In addition to all of that, we're looking at Donald Trump. Basically somebody who has never been understanding of the issues that affect the community about disparities. And I'm going to talk for example, about how when he was a a landlord, he denied rent to black families. You look at what he did in terms of taking out a full page ad in the New York Times against the Central Park. Five that Correct.


Which were a bunch of, I they're not young adults. They were teenagers. Black and brown teenagers took out a full page ad on the New York, in the New York Times calling for their execution for crimes they did not commit. They were innocent. Donald Trump, who said of the first black president of the United States, the birtherism, to have people question whether he was born in the United States to try and diminish. And then most recently you look in this very election legal black immigrants in Springfield, Ohio saying they're eating their pets. So I, you know, so part of what we have to help people understand is don't think you in Donald Trump's club, you're not.


Right. He's not gonna be thinking about you. You think he's having you over for dinner. You think that when he's going, when he's with his buddies, his billionaire buddies, he's thinking about what we need to do to deal with addressing, for example, my work around what I'm doing to address disparities in black men's health around colon cancer, around what we need to do around screenings, what we need to do around prostate cancer. Black men are twice as likely to have and screenings what we need to do to address, I'm a survivor of prostate cancer. Right. You know what I'm talking about. I


do Go, James and the Lakers are back putting on a show and you know, I gotta get the best deal on tickets. That's why I need to tell you about my sponsor. SeatGeek with over 28 million downloads, SeatGeek is the number one rating ticketing app. There are more than 70,000 events on SeatGeek, including concerts, sports festivals, and more sports. I'm excited to go see the Lakers. Dominique, the Sixers at the Crip, they put all their tickets across the web in one place to make sure you're getting a good deal. Each ticket is rating on a scale of one to 10. So look for the green dots. Green means good, red means bad. And you know, I came through for you guys, use my code Shesha for $20 off tickets at SeatGeek. That's $20 off your first purchase with promo code Shesha.


Do you, would you want to touch on some specific things you would like to do to keep them, because the economy seems to be heading in the right direction. But the inflation gas prices extremely high. Groceries are extremely high. This rent, I mean it used to be when I was renting, they moved the rent up $40 a year. Now they moved it up 400. So Let's talk about that. I, I'm glad you raised that. So for example, groceries. Yes. The prices are still too high. You know what? I know it. Yeah. Part of my plan is to deal with price gouging. I did it when I was attorney general, I'm gonna do it as president, which is these companies that will jack up the prices of groceries to take advantage of people in need. And in particular during a crisis like what you see around the pandemic or Hurricane Helene.


Yes. Milton, right? Yes. Milton. Right. So there's that. In terms of housing, first of all, we know that black families are 40% less likely to own their home. And we can go back to redlining. We can go back to, to policies that were by law or practice meant to not give black folks equal opportunity to home ownership. Especially in certain neighborhoods. We can go back to what happened around the GI Bill. Yeah. And we're, when, when all those, the great generation we called 'em came back and there was federal policy to say, you all fought for our country, we're gonna give you a boost around helping you buy homes.


But those black servicemen did that and it was mostly men. Those black servicemen did not. So you had then a time when there was a boost for it ended up being not for black service members. So part of my policy is to one, create a A fund so that we will give a $25,000 down payment to first time homeowners to just help people get in the door. We will deal with the rent issue. Because part of what we're seeing in Atlanta in places across our country is these corporations are buying up all these properties, which means then that they don't have to deal with competition between the properties and they're jacking up rent costs.


So it's about also going after that corporate gouging around what they're doing to buy up and then jack up the prices of rent. We also need to help people with small business ownership. I did, even before I was running for president a tour, I called it the, the Opportunity Economy Tour focused on black men and black entrepreneurs. What we know is unlike Donald Trump, who got $400 million handed to him practically on a silver platter, and by the way, Shannon filed for bankruptcy six times. Hmm. Everybody wants to say he's a great businessman. Take a look at his record. I know that so many of our entrepreneurs who have great ideas don't have access to capital, but they have a serious work ethic, great ideas, and a plan to do the work.


So part of my plan is to increase access to capital, including giving $20,000 forgivable loans for startup capital for people to buy the equipment. Right. And then to change the tax deduction. So whereas it is now $5,000 to make it $50,000 to start a new business. 'cause nobody can start a new business on $5,000. No. And the direct benefit when we're looking at black entrepreneurs is profound. And all it is is about saying this, Americans in general, regardless of their race or gender, we have ambition, we have aspirations, we have dreams. But not everyone has access to the opportunity to let some actually accomplish that.


I wanna increase access to opportunity.


Listen, Unfortunately I've gone viral a few times, but I've never gone viral for GLP ones for weight loss. So you probably heard about the once weekly shot that can help you lose an average of 20% of your weight in a year when combined with diet and exercise. But you also may have heard that out-of-pocket costs can be huge. And figuring out insurance coverage is wild. Now RO is making it easier to see if you're covered for GLP ones to help you get the best price out there. Wanna hear my favorite part? They'll check for free. Yep. It won't cost you a dime to find out if your insurance will cover GLP ones 100,000 members in counting have trusted ROE to check their coverage and get the meds at the best price possible depending on their insurance plan. Just submit your insurance card and RO will create a personal insurance coverage report so you can understand your options. Go to ro.co/shannon for your free insurance coverage report. That's ro.co/shannon. Start losing weight sooner with GLP one's through


Madam vp. If you were to become president, what measures would you put in place to make sure social security benefits continue? Because there are reports that it could possibly be depleted by 2033 and there are estimated that 11,000 people turn at least 65 years of age every single day. Yeah. So what are you going to do to make sure, because that, you know, people, disabilities, retirement. Yeah. Survivors with beneficiaries. What are you gonna do to make sure that that continues? So Shannon, to your point, there was an independent economic review of Donald Trump's plan, which shows that social security in the next six years would be insolvent under his plan.


Meaning that it would not be able to pay out what hardworking people who deserve dignity in their retirement deserve. And as you and I both know, there are a lot of our seniors who their only source of income is that Social security check. That's correct. Right? Yes. If they're the only way they're gonna pay the rent or have food on the table. So my plan is about doing what we need to do to put the resources back into Social Security, but also expanding it. 'cause here's part of the problem with social security is that for our aging seniors, if they are a couple, for example, and one of the spouses passes that cuts their social security benefits almost in half. So part of my plan is to reconfigure it so that that surviving spouse does not then have a crisis where they've already lost their loved one.


But we also just have to understand in a, on a macro level, we've got to require that billionaires of corporations pay their fair share. Right. They can afford to. And that's part of what is the difference between me and and Donald Trump. My plan is about tax cuts for small businesses, for working people, for middle class people. A hundred million Americans will benefit around tax cuts. My plan is that no taxes will be raised for anybody making less than $400,000 a year. My plan is that we give young parents a $6,000 child tax credit to help them pay for childcare for a, a crib or a car seat.


Because you and I both know the vast majority of our young parents have a natural desire to parent their children. Well, but not always the resources. And back to the way I was raised, I know that the children of the community are the children of the community that you and I will benefit from that young family having the resources they need. So it's about all of us benefiting, but it's a, it's a state of mind and it's a perspective. Mine is about thinking about the challenges people face and getting them help. Donald Trump is full-time focused on himself. You watch his rallies, he will spend full-time talking about, I was gonna say Freddie Kruger, Hannibal Lecter.


Might as well be Freddie Kruger. Hannibal Lecter. He'll spend full time talking about his grievances about what everyone has done to him. He'll talk about himself, but he does not talk about the American people. He does not talk about what he's gonna do for middle class. He does not talk about what he is gonna do for families, for working people. And we're 12 days out, this is probably one of the most serious elections that we have faced in our lifetime. My perspective. And I will be the kind of president who spends full time focused on the needs of the people. That has been my career. I have spent my whole career as a public servant trying to uplift the condition of other people knowing what is possible and doing it with a sense of optimism.


On January 20th, a new president is going into the White House period. A new president is going into the White House. Do you wanna look at the Oval Office and see a Donald Trump who's gonna be sitting there filling out his enemies list, spending full time figuring out retribution and revenge, or looking at the Oval Office and knowing you have a president in there who's creating a to-do list that's about what to do to help the American people. So raising minimum age of social security, that's not on the table for you. No, no. Here's, look, people work hard all their lives and they deserve to be able to retire with dignity.


I'll tell you how I come at this. I come at it from a number of perspectives, including thinking about how I was raised in terms of how you take care of the elders. Right? I think about it in terms of taking care of my mother when she was sick and dying from cancer. So one of my policies, for example, is to help Medicare pay for home healthcare for seniors. Why? Because look, I did it and it, it means, you know, trying to cook for an elder to make something they feel like eating right. To help them put on a sweater. And we have so many people who are in the sandwich generation. They're raising their young kids and taking care of their parents.


And either they have to deplete their savings to qualify for Medicaid, right. To be able to help pay for home healthcare. Or they have to quit their job to do the work of taking care of their kids and their parent. And I just believe that's not right. That we should have policies that give people dignity, especially our seniors. So my plan is Medicare pays for home healthcare. Okay. And no, I would not raise the age of eligibility for social security because the same thing. We shouldn't force people to work until they're 70 in order to retire and have a moment to just enjoy their life and not worry about how they're gonna pay their rent.


Is Medicare for all a priority for you? What is a pro? No. What is a priority for me is making sure that access to healthcare is a right and not just a privilege of those who can afford it. That's why I am in favor of and have pushed and been a leader on capping the cost of insulin $35 a month. And why I intend to allow Medicare to actually negotiate against the big pharmaceutical companies to bring down the cost of prescription medication for everybody. That's why I have fought for what we need to do around making sure Medicare covers senior care. Access to healthcare should not be a question of how much money you have in your back pocket. That's just not right.


Right. And I feel strongly about that. Blacks for Trump, they feel that Trump is better for the black community. Can you explain that? Donald Trump's history with blacks? Where did this come that all of a sudden? I mean, it's, it's been like this because a lot of people used to say, I'm I'm Donald Trump or the ghetto, because he was, I mean, for a lot of blacks, not all, but for some blacks, he was madam vp. Whether we wanna admit it or not, he's revered by some blacks. But here's the thing, the question for everybody, should he be president of the United States? Okay, Brian, that's the question.


Should he have the ability to, to sit behind the seal of the President of the United States when he says he wants to terminate the Constitution of the United States. You know what that would mean in the Constitution of the United States is your fourth Amendment right. Against unreasonable search and seizure, your Fifth Amendment right, your sixth amendment Right. To an attorney. Right. Well, a lot of rights gonna be gone. The First Amendment, But But the First Amendment. The Second Amendment, yes. Look, I'm in favor of the Second Amendment. I don't believe we should be taking anybody's guns away. He wants to terminate the Constitution of the United States. He is the same one, like I said earlier, who denied rent to black families. Who took out that full page ad in the New York Times, calling for the execution of those children who, who birtherism accusations against the first black president, not to mention his, please ask folks to Google Project 2025.


Yeah. He would get rid of the $35 a month cap on insulin. We know how many of our seniors had it. I'll give you another example of why Donald Trump has not earned the support of folks to be president of the United States. Again, when he was president the last time during the height of Covid, during the height of Covid, one in three black Americans knew somebody who died from Covid. You remember those days? I do. And people couldn't get their hands on a covid test. At that very same time, Donald Trump as president secretly sent covid tests to the president of Russia for his personal use.


While Americans were dying every day. He has not earned the right to be president of the United States. It's one thing if he has a television show that's very popular, he can put his name on a building, even though we all know he was not a terribly good businessman, which is why he filed for bankruptcy six times. But that is one thing to be president of the United States means to try and find common ground, to build consensus, to lift up the American people instead of trying to beat people down all the time. It means solving problems, which means you have to be able to get outta your own head and scan to be concerned about the wellbeing of other people, and then do something about it.


Does anyone think Donald Trump thinks that way? Yeah. Well, empathy requires you to divorce your own ego to see yourself as someone else. That's exactly right. That's exactly, and we know that's not his character. So it's about, is this the bright person for that job? Right? He said immigrants are taking black jobs. I don't know what those black jobs that they're taking. Can you elaborate on that? What the I the immigrants are taking? What black jobs are they? Well, It's just another example, him trying to divide and him trying to scare people. It's just another example of him doing that, of him trying to say it's either you or them. Right.


And the other thing is that it's incredibly demeaning because, and he still has not been forced to define Donald Trump. What, what do you define as a black job? Because lemme tell you what I define as a black job, vice President of the United States. That's a good one, right? It is. Come on. I don't know about the pay, but it's a good job to have. That'll be Well, you know, not everybody is Shannon Sharp. No, but, but you know what I wanted to ask, I, you've been in basically your adult life. You've been a public servant. Yes, I have. You've been ag My whole adult Life. You've been a da. Yeah. You've been a senator, you've been vp. Is that what you envisioned? Is that what you always wanted to be? Whether a public servant I've always wanted to serve.


You know, I was raised, I mean, back to whether you are, however you are raised in the community in which you are raised, including the church in which you are raised. I have always believed that it is an important pursuit to figure out how you can serve. And, and we can do it in different ways, right? I chose public service. You chose a different route. But it's about service. And I have always, I mean, I've only had one client my entire life. The people. Wow. And what I, and the reason I keep doing it is because I know the difference that I and we can make when we believe in what is possible and then work hard at it.


And my pledge in this campaign to everyone, regardless of who you are, where you live, what you look like. I will be a president for all Americans. And I will work to bring our country back together. Because frankly, I think people are exhausted with the anger, with the hate, with the, the division, the attempt to have Americans pointing their fingers at each other. I think people are exhausted. It's not healthy for the productivity of our country. Like, do we want to strive? Do we want to thrive? Or do we wanna spend full time with vengeance demeaning other people and living a life of services about, I think the importance of lifting people up, not tearing them down.


My team here at Shehe Media is always growing and making moves. Sometimes it's a challenge to find qualified candidates, especially when I need them right away. Thankfully, there's a place you can go for help. ZipRecruiter. ZipRecruiter does the work for you to make hiring fast and easy. And right now you can try it for free at ziprecruiter.com/sheshe. ZipRecruiter smart technology will start showing your job to qualified candidates immediately. And ZipRecruiter's powerful matching technology works fast to find top talent so you don't waste time or money finding the right candidates. You can invite top candidates for your job to apply to encourage them to apply sooner, experience faster, easier hiring with ZipRecruiter. Four out of five employers who post on ZipRecruiter get quality candidates within the first day. See for yourself. Just go to ziprecruiter.com/shahe right now to try for free. That's the same price as a genuine smile from a stranger, A pitch, a perfect sunset, or even a cute dog running up to you and licking your hand. Try for free at this exclusive web address ziprecruiter.com/sheshe. Again, that's ziprecruiter.com/sheshe. ZipRecruiter, the smartest way to hire.


I read some blacks say the problem that they have to you is that you're making political promises and that you're just pandering. The problem that I have with that, it just seems like only black people pander. Like when other candidates go on shows and they say they're gonna do this, they're, they're not pandering. They're telling you, laying out their elaborate plan on what they're going to do. But it seems to you, when you promise that if I'm president, this is what I'm gonna do in the first 90 days, this is what I'm gonna do, my administration's gonna do while I'm in office. You're pandering. How do you get through to those that says, look, this is what I'm going to do if I'm elected president. These are the policies and they will lead to meaningful and impactful change.


Well, part of it is, is just to be candid. I think that there's, there's sadly misinformation out there who I am and what I've done. Because if, if people are informed about fact, they will know that almost everything that I'm talking about doing as president is built on a foundation of work that I've been doing for years. If it is about economic empowerment of the black community in all communities, I've been working on that as vice president. I am responsible for billions of dollars from big banks and big corporations, including technology companies getting into community banks to increase access to capital for minority owned and other small businesses.


If you look at my work over a period of years, my focus again on something like maternal mortality is longstanding, which directly impacts black men and black women. Right? And, and, and, and the black family. If you look at the work that I am doing that is about small businesses, you know, the person who helped my mother raise


us. The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow. And our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning, Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election, Tuesday, November 5th, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on MSNBC


Attention, parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday season sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday season gifts today. Happy riding.


Are you ready to have your bacon Love in mind? Blown Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious, thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Ring's trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is, all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and Enjoy


Was a second mother to us, was a small business owner. I have always focused for such a long time on what we need to do, knowing that our small business are part of the culture of our communities, right? Including the economic fabric and and strength of the community. So what I'm talking about doing right now is based on longstanding work. It's not new, but as president of the United States, part of why it is important is it is a new approach to that job. It is about a new way that is based on a new generation of leadership that is based on new ideas and frankly a different experience that brings my commitment to the work I am talking about into being.


Can you give us a breakdown of how you'll allow blacks and other minorities to access capital? Because you speak a lot about capital and in order for people to become successful and have some wealth, is that they need to have access to that to Get started. That's right. So that's in fact why I did starting last or earlier this year, my economic opportunity toward way before I was running for president, because I realized that so many of our entrepreneurs don't actually have the, the, that we need to do better in getting information to people about what's available to them. So for example, through the the Small Business administration, there are funds available to help people create a business plan.


There is resources available to help people just know how that you need to run a payroll, how you need to pay business taxes. Part of my plan, by the way, is to simplify taxes for small businesses. I, I like to say it's, it's basically that I'm gonna date myself. Like you remember the 10 48. Did you ever have to do a 10 40 easy? Probably never. No. Okay. I did. But you know, simplifying tax returns for people, including our small businesses. But the work that I have done and will continue to do is about knowing that we don't lack for hard work, we don't lack for good ideas, but we do lack for information about the help that is available.


So that's part of how it is gonna be about increasing access to capital. Part of it is about putting more money. So I called up and got in touch with and worked with some of the big CEOs of the biggest corporations in America and said, and the big banks that you all don't necessarily, you, you are not there in the community where you can get a hundred thousand dollars loan to a small business. You guys deal at a different level. But those a hundred thousand dollars loans for a startup will go a long way. Let's get, get those billions of dollars that you've got, put 'em into community banks who are in the community, who know what the community needs, what they want, what the consumers there want. And then support those small businesses.


So that's the my approach to access to capital, including making sure that people have, again, simplifying taxes for small businesses. You know why Shannon, small businesses can't afford to hire a bunch of accountants. Yeah. They can't Help and a bunch of lawyers. But that shouldn't be the reason they fail. 'cause they didn't fill out the form properly. Right? Right. Yes. So my approach is really understanding the, the culture, understanding the needs and then trying to fix problems. I love fixing problems with common sense solutions. And again, look, Donald Trump is never, he is never gonna relate necessarily to the kind of folks that I'm talking about.


Who on the ground just need to be seen and heard. And then let's fix the problems. Let's address the challenges to let them not just get by, but get ahead. And I, I wanna put a fine point on this. Maybe it's a new perspective. I think it is. I've believe that we have had great success in bringing black unemployment down to historic lows. Yes. But for me, that's a floor. For me that's a floor. Because what I know is that it should be baseline that everybody's working. That's not enough. People want to build wealth. Yes. And intergenerational wealth. Correct. And I want to help people do that.


Right. I know what folks wanna be able to take a nice vacation from time to time, have nice Christmas gifts for their kids under the tree. And it can't just be about, well, you got a job applaud me for, for what I've done for you. Right. And that's the spirit with which I do my work. I saw President Trump on a, on a TV show, and he talked about defunding the Department of Education. Yes. Basically, we know that's gonna affect communities like us that don't have the resources. And then because he says he doesn't, if they talked about slavery, if they talked about slavery, which is a, a part of our history, it's a, it's A thing that they're trying to cover up.


Yes. That they're trying to cover up. They talk about racism and he said, well, what we would do if they talked about it, they wouldn't get funding. And we know what communities are gonna be most impacted by non-funding, But, and understand that they wanna get rid of Department of Education and get rid of Head Start. You know, whose kids are in Head Start. They wanna, it it is. And to your point, and I'm so glad you pointed this out, you know, these are the same people who basically suggested that that enslaved people benefited from slavery. The same people who are trying to ban and are banning books.


And again, if we don't teach America's full history, we will never ensure that we don't. Right. Make the same Yes. To do those same things again. Let's learn from that pain, that painful part of our history to make sure we don't repeat it, but not by not covering it up, let's have an open and honest conversation about it. It happened And the effects of it. Yes. And the present day effects of it. I think we both agree, I think we can all agree on this, that there is a, a, a problem with, I don't know how to correct term, I think it's undocumented. Mm. How do we get a, how do we get a hold on that matter bp how do we make sure, because I think I've heard you say you want a path to citizenship, but we want to, you know, make sure people come in and do things properly.


Yes, that's exactly right. So first of all, I have personally prosecuted transnational criminal organizations for the trafficking of guns, drugs, and human beings. I have prosecuted the Sinaloa cartel Okay. The Guadalajara cartel. So I put my record up to anybody in terms of how strongly I feel about having a secure border and making sure that there is not that kind of trafficking into America. I also know that we need to put more resources at the border, which is why I supported a bill that came about, including from the most conservative members of Congress to put 1500 more border agents at the border to do what we need to do to cut down the flow of fentanyl coming to, into the United States, which is killing people of every race and background.


Would more resources would've gone to, to prosecuting human trafficking. Donald Trump got word of that bill, and he knew it would be a solution to a problem, which is that we have a broken immigration system. He got word of the bill and he told his friends in Congress, don't put it up for a vote, don't let it go any further. 'cause you see, he wants to run on a problem he's running on instead of fixing a problem. Right. And it's, and is and is putting out tens of millions of dollars of campaign commercials full, full-time trying to suggest that he cares about strengthening the border when he had an opportunity to participate in a solution which he killed because he's not about problem solving.


It's about a political game for him. My point is, we gotta strengthen the border and we need to have an immigration system that is fair and humane and strong in terms of making sure that people have to earn citizenship. They have to work hard to get it. My plan includes also strengthening what we need to do in terms of, you know, illegal entry in between ports of entry. What we need to do to put more support for border patrol agents, put more technology at the border. But it includes also, you know, I'm never gonna talk about people from Haiti eating their pets. Right. And I think that we also know we don't want an immigration system that's about separating children from their parents.


We can do it in a humane way, but the bottom line is we can fix these problems. The the solutions are at hand. He, he stands in the way. Right. And in particular on this issue, If you were to become president, would you ask Congress to bring reinstitute that bill and try to get it through? Absolutely. And, and, and also I would work across the aisle with Republicans. There are a lot of Republicans supporting me Right. In this campaign. And I would work with Republicans to bring this bill back up so I can sign it into law. Right. And I, and I do wanna talk about that for a moment. This is not 2016 or 2020 in terms of how people are thinking about Donald Trump.


He was president and the people who worked the most closely with him, Republicans at the highest level, his former chief of staff, his former defense secretaries, his former national security advisor and his former vice president have collectively said he is dangerous and unfit to be president of the United States. And Shannon, you can just watch his rallies. I mean, did you see that 39 minutes of him swaying back and forth to YMCA? No. The the man you have to watch, and I encourage everybody who's watching this watch what he's doing at these rallies. He is increasingly unstable and and unfit to be president according to the people who knew him best.


All Republicans, by the way, who I'm I just referred to Right. Who know he is unfit to be commander in chief. He who will talk about service members, who a lot of your listeners and the people who are a fan of your show have served or do serve in the United States military. He talks about military service members as being un courageous, as being cowards, suckers and losers. Yeah. This is how the man talks. And so let's not get distracted by who he was on the Apprentice. Right. Let's not get distracted by whatever, you know, building in whatever city in Vegas or wherever has his name on it.


Let's look at the job of president of the United States and is he fit to do that job? And by the people who know him best, including some most recently a four star Marine general, his former chief of staff. They all say those who know him best, he is unfit and dangerous. The previous administration, your administration that you were in, they got kudos for the student loan relief. Yeah. What's the contingency plan? Because I see it's still trying to go through and some of the courts have shot it down. Do you have a contingency plan to continue the student relief?


I'm gonna keep fighting for it and Yes, because first of all, what I know is that too many people have been weighed down by their student loan debt. Yes. To the point they question whether they can have a family, whether they can, can retire at some point where they could buy a home. So that's why I pushed for what we did around student loan debt. And thankfully, for example, we have billions of dollars in student loan debt relief that have gone, for example, to public servants like teachers and nurses and firefighters. But there's more we need to do. But you know, if I go into various communities like here in Atlanta and ask people how many people got their student debt relieved, the number of hands that go up and the life changing experience people have had reminds me of the importance of this fight and I'm gonna continue to do it.


Have you let people know that President Trump, if he were to get back in the office, he wants to offer police complete immunity that they can do no wrong no matter what, how egregious the act may be. They have complete immunity. Do people understand what that, do they really understand what that means? Madam vp? I hope so. And I, and I encourage people to go online to see how he says it. I encourage people to go online to see how he talks about a day of violence. Did you ever see Yeah, the movies. Movies. The right understand I again, don't take my word for it.


Take his, yeah. Take his and see where he stands on these issues. I wanna get you outta here on this one. Madam Bp, you like myself, attended and graduated from a historically black institution proudly. And it just goes to show you, if you look at myself, Stephen A. Michael Strahan, three of the most prominent voices in morning television Yeah. Attended and graduated from an HBC. Yeah. Yourself ascended to the highest of highs, graduated from an HBCU. What would you, what message would you like to share with students that at all these historically black university and college, what would you like, what message would you like to share to them? Oh, know your excellence and know we are so proud of you and we want you to have ambition.


We, we applaud your ambition. We want you to know you can do and be anything and don't ever hear no. And that no, you stand on broad shoulders. Right. Because part of what we know is we have a legacy. Yeah, we do. And we stand then in that path knowing that we also have the honor and the duty of excelling in every way possible. Being able to see what is possible and not be burdened by other people's limited ability to see the same. One more thing, I think something that's very, very near and dear to your heart is Roe v. Wade. Yeah.


I think 50 plus years, I think 72, 73 when it was Roe v. Wade said, Hey, women have the right to their bodies. And all of a sudden the Supreme Court struck it down. Yeah. And says, no you don't. We have control over that. Yeah. What would that mean to you? So how do you get that, how do you go back and fight to make sure women still have control of, of their bodies? So I'm so glad you brought up Shannon. First of all, think about one of the most basic rights that you could imagine is the right for you to be able to make decisions about your own body. Correct. Your own Body, your reproductive rights. And the court just took that right away from women to make decisions about their own body and not have their government tell them what to do.


And I think an important emphasis for me is you don't have to give up your faith or deeply held beliefs on this subject to agree. The government shouldn't be telling her what to do if she chooses, she'll talk with her pastor, her priest, her rabbi, her imam, but not the government telling her. And we need to fight against this. We need to understand how many women are suffering miscarriage and being denied help because the doctors are afraid they may land up in jail in Texas. Do you know they provide prison for life for doctors or nurses who provide reproductive care, prison for life. Shannon, in the state of Georgia, a beautiful young woman, a mother of a 6-year-old son died because of these Trump abortion bans.


The, the majority of black women and the men who love them live in the south. Yes. Do you know, in every state in the south except for Virginia, there is a Trump abortion ban. Yes, I do. Hopefully everybody else knows that also. Right. And, and so we all have to stand regardless of your gender, regardless of your, your race, your background. We have to stand and say, look, this is just simply not right. And we cannot stand for the notion that Donald Trump could be president of the United States. He who chose a Supreme court that would take this right from the women of America and the men who love them.


And now we have women suffering to such an extent as they are. I think it's one of the most fundamental rights that's at play. One more thing before you go, Madam bp. Yes. Who's the real u Oh, come on. I'm just, I'm just asking. I didn't wanna know. I dunno. I dunno. I didn't go to either one, so I just, I just Wanted to hear you. You know, Madam bp, Kamala, Harris, Thank you all. Thanks you All my life been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price on a slice. Got the roll, the dice, the swat. All my life I been grinding all my life, all my life, been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle, slice all my life, grinding all my life.


The NBA is finally back in new season, mean new ways to get into the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA who's draining threes from beyond the art, who's crashing the boards and grabbing rebounds. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player Props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something as simple as picking your team to win. Go to Draftking Sports book app and place your bet first time. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets Instantly take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and wire at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


Have you Googled yourself lately? Are there negative posts from an ex-employee or from a former client? Maybe an outdated news article. Search engines don't always get it right. For right or wrong, it's your reputation on the line. That's where Reputation Defender by Norton comes in. Take control with Reputation Defender. Their cutting edge approaches help you to wipe away unwanted information in your search results. They also promote the good stuff. You can start by getting your free reputation report card@reputationdefender.com or call 808 1 1 49 75 to speak to an expert.


Need to shake up your routine. Go seafood has you covered with the most satisfying crunch the side of the freezer aisle snack on the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly and southern style shrimp. Or turn to their beer battered filets and classic fish sticks for an easy protein ad to your favorite weeknight dinner When it comes to easy restaurant quality flavor in your own home. Nothing beats a fresh tasting seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more.


Your teen Requested a ride, but this time not from you. It's through their Uber teen account. You drive your teenager around a lot to their friend Jacob's House, their other friend Jake's house. To James's. To Jayden's to Jaylin's too. Oh Mom, this is Jake's house, not Jacob's. Now with an Uber teen account, your teen can request a ride under your supervision. The ride with a highly rated driver and with live trip tracking, you'll follow along the whole ride to their friends' houses. That all sound the same. Add your team to your Uber account today. See app for details. Bye Mom.