
I'm Emle host of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This is Leave The Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my co-host Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title.


Leave the Gun, take the Cannoli Features New and Archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, That was a Real Horse's Head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skarr. Sabine Run, specter five. I'm Taylor Gray as a Bridger Specter six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowe moderator. Each week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from this series and share some fun behind the scenes stories.


Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom Voices, za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jael and many others. So Hang on Because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue The music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fernan Di, when you're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people in immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made out of the same Things.


It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. What's up? What's up? What's up lay lady? Hey Queen, we are back. Goodheart hard. How, how does it feel to be doing love in house? How y'all feeling? Ask How you doing? I feel it's, it's more of a casual vibe, so I feel like we just kicking it like we just talking like FaceTime girl chat.


Like, I really like that. Yeah. And that's what it is. Humble Betty's girl chat. We love very intimate space, intimate vibes. That way we can feel that we can touch our supporters. So I love it. Let's, yeah. So y'all gotta write to us in the chat. Let us know what's on your mind. You know, we're gonna go over a few topics, but please Chime in, please. I love that. I actually do love the interaction. That's pretty dope. It is. Let's get started though. Let's talk about, let's rolling loud. That just, mm, wait, okay, so it's in California right now or just passed? Yeah, it just passed over the weekend.


And You know, usually they have it here in Miami too. I know they do different cities. So the headliner was Miami. Miami be lit. Yes, it does. Yeah. You we've been to work together or Yes, we have that one together before. And that was a good time. You know, I'm really, Miami has lit, but I feel like ASAP showed out. ASAP has set the standard with his whole grand entrance performing on a helicopter, just showing out like it hasn't been done. Okay. He better be showing out. Travis came down, he, he arrives on a helicopter but then drove in a truck and then performed this last, this last one in here in Miami.


So it's like they just doing, they trying to top each other. Yeah, they trying to top each other. You know, the headliners. Yeah, those, these, You know, these music festivals are really interesting. Like the kids are the ones that really low key got me going consistently just because they wanna be all up in the mix. They wanna see their favorite artists. They wanna go from place like stage to stage to stage, hit the food trucks up. But I like to be in the BIP, You know, it's 21 and up up there we got Okay, but quick question, was Brianna in the audience? Oh yeah. Must there was there Jay Z there? Everybody was there. Okay. I heard. I think Parker was, I mean, nah, I, my Blu Ivy there.


Yeah. You know, people gonna come out and show up. That's the one thing about these music festivals. You look up And you look to your right, that could be a celebrity. You look to your left, somebody else just, just about music. That's the common denominator is everyone vibing having a good time and just flowing. Yeah. I'm not gonna lie, when I go to Roland Lau, I always end up like falling in love with a artist that I never thought I would like because it's really about like their stage presence and like how they go crazy with the audience and like the mosh pits and like jumping in the crowd, crowd surfing. I feel a little too old for it, but I'm with it. And I, I feel like I get to learn like what the kids are into now.


Like one year I went and I fell in love with Lil Pump, who I don't put Lil Pump. I don't know. But you was like perform. I did. Yes. Like Tuesday into it. I was very into it. Yeah. Yeah. Was the the say what? What'd you say, Sharelle? I haven't, I haven't experienced the rolling out, oh, we gotta go this year. Then you gotta do it the right way though. Like, we be in VIP like it's a very different situation that it, Ariana has been, and I, and I took my, my best friend was her chaperone because I can't, I was gonna say that's a lot. It is a lot. Yeah. It's something. But if you go in the VIP part, it's not so crazy.


Yeah, you can, you just got another one. We go in the VIP, so I had her in VIP but she wanted to be in the VIP with Jada waiter and all them. And I'm like, that's a whole different type of VIP baby. You need. Yeah, you need the phone. Yeah. Not that. Yeah, it is, You know, it's, they have bottle service, they have like your own food truck areas. It is the best way to go. And I, I go with the, my big three, I call 'em the big three, the big kids. And they drag me there. We, we get VIP passes, but then I usually zip off and I'm in the 21 and up club area and then they go and do the mosh pit. They go in there and in the dirt, it's dirty.


And another thing you gotta realize in these, these festivals, it's a lot of drugs. It's a lot of liquor and it's a lot of kids. And so it's like, it's a lot of energy going on in that, in that, You know, these music festival. So you definitely, it's better to be where the adults are and have that good activity. Yeah. That's smart. We're gonna have to check. Yeah, we're gonna have to check it out. Go. Let's talk about, let's, let's talk about Kanye and, and Ms. Kim K. What's going on with the team with them? Oh no, here they go again. So Kim k has, Kim k has trademarked her key. She should, right? Yes. Without Kanye's permission.


Oh, it's without w Well she did, she did not let him know that she trademarked. She did not tell him that it was trademark. He had, he found out, I think it was trying to put her on a song or something. Like itty something like Stop, stop. I got a, a fruitful light here. Like, because you're sweet. You're sweet. Okay. So I mean, what did he think she was gonna do? Kim is a whole business woman. She comes from a whole law family. Like, hello. Like, he shouldn't be surprised. And it's protection. At the end of the day, they have, they're public, they're public figures, their family's public, their children. We know every north, south, east, west, we know all the names.


You know, it is very much, I feel like it's a protection thing, but it shouldn't have been communicated. And this is not gonna be the first or the last time they're gonna go at it about something. He's obviously creative and has his musical genius and his side of things, but Kim is the business side of it. So they gotta work together and figure this out. It looks like, I feel like right, she is a business person, but do you feel like, as a parent, even though y'all know how we feel about Kanye, but as a parent, do you think she should have at least told him, Hey, this is what I'm doing. Acknowledged gave him at least a notification, like, I'm about to trademark our kid's name.


This is what I'm about to do. How he found out? Do you think that was messed up? How he found out? I think how he handled it is just as bad as how he found out. So like him taking it to the internet, it's like two wrongs don't make a right. So if you had an issue with it, then he should have called Kim up instead of going on the internet, You know what I mean? Like now about the group chat. Yeah. So I don't necessarily feel like, You know, it was right or like wrong that Kim did that. Like, I don't think it's right or wrong. Like she did what she had to do. Like she a mom, she a businesswoman, like, you didn't do it, so I'm gonna do it, whatever. You know what I mean? Like, I don't think it's wrong that she did it without talking to him, but, 'cause it doesn't necessarily have to do with like how she's being cared for or, You know what I mean?


It's like business. It's like wanted to go, if she wanted to go work at, I don't know, McDonald's. Like, do y'all really need to have a conversation about that? Like, I feel like it's like business, but it, it's, this one is different because I guess Kanye wanted to put what's her name north on one of his tracks. So, but he can't because it's trademarked and that's how he found out. Like do y'all feel like just, I feel like we, You know, we're judging it because it's Kanye and we already have a strong opinion about Kanye, but as a, as two parents, when, when you're making big decisions like that, I feel, my, my opinion, I would acknowledge and let, hey, this is what I'm doing for our kid.


I agree with you Sharelle, especially now that they were a big entity together and obviously we know about the divorce and now separate lives. It has to be a conversation. It should have been a conversation really low key prior to divorce, I feel like because they were public figures and having these children and I feel like low key, he might have known because I feel like all the Kardashians trademark everything because that is how they make their living. It is name brands, it's branding, it's influence, it's lifestyle. So I feel like every child has, has a, just by default, I mean the ma I feel like Chris Jen is pushing for that.


And I feel like all the men low key, the dads know about this. I mean their, their fa their fathers are famous. The children are famous by their image. Like, You know, their name, image and likeness alone. So I feel like Lowkey, he knew about this, but you, we don't, we really don't know. It should be on a creative level that the children with permission from both parents should be able to have that creative, You know, with, with, because I mean, dad is who he is, You know, and mom is who she is. So I feel like this won't be the last time we're gonna hear about this on some creative level, just letting the kids express themselves. That's true.


I just feel like if it, if he would've did it and she didn't know about it, baby, it would've been an ugly situation. My opinion on it, I feel if I was to handle it, I would've acknowledged, Hey, this is what I'm about to do and do it just putting it there. I agree with you. Now, I don't want him to find out by trying to do something, but I feel like, You know, he's taking it the way he's taking it because it's greed on his end and he knew he probably could make even more profit by adding her on. So it is pissing him off. I think it's more than just not, You know, I didn't tell you what I did. It's messing up his, his coins. That's what I feel. Yeah, yeah. Hmm. Well that's not thought about it first then Kim.


The it should be about the kids. But I know it's definitely, I'm sure they probably not even talking like that. You never, you just never know. Like it's hard co-parenting, You know? And then when there's other parties involved, especially influenced, again, you got The world involved, people started the group chat, we should know about this stuff. I agree. Yeah. And into the internet, you just mess yourself up in the option. Yeah. Yeah. And only the kids get hurt at the end of the day again, but it's like, You know, yay is, yay he is gonna do this nonstop. Right.


That's a tough, that is a tough one. Just never adu moment like with him or her, You know? It's always something. It is. Let's talk about NLE Choppa. Yeah. Choppa. What I have respect for him. I don't understand. Oh, who don't understand what that was serious, Sam. Sorry, I don't understand. You don't understand NL You don I don't know what what, what's going on with him because it's, it's something that going on with him too. No, but I feel like it's good. I feel like, You know, he, he, he's been supporting the L-G-B-Q-T-Q community. Did I got it right.


Don't come from us. What is the LGLG? GT Plus plus plus plus the ABCDs. But, but he's been supporting and a lot of people feel like because he is been supporting hard that, You know, he's a homosexual or he on the cover he has, he has expressed that, You know, I'm very confident in who I am as a man. I just support everyone and I like that. Yeah. You know, he's not being judgemental. He, he has fans in that community and he's showing the same amount of respect and love to that community as well as the, You know, the straights.


But he's been getting a lot of criticism in regards to being undercover. And that's not fair. That's not right. I'm gonna say is the criticism from which community? Is it the black community? Because You know how we are deep in our masculinity, especially the men, very, very masculine and very much like homophobic. And I feel like what he's doing is he's the artist. He's expressing himself and being very much like I am straight. I've heard his songs, my kids sing the songs and he is definitely talking about the female females. You know what I mean? So I don't, I don't see why you can't support others. I mean, you never know if he has family, You know, that that could be, it's just has to be, we're it's 2025.


We have to be way more open. We have to be way more tolerant of everyone else because they're just, just people at the end of the day. And their sexual preference shouldn't even, it shouldn't matter. Don't get your kick. But yeah, I think that the younger generation is more open, more fluid, more accepting than like the older generation. Like our generation. I hate that I'm the older generation now, but the auntie. Yeah, we the auntie. But I feel like the younger generation, they're just a little bit more, You know, open to, You know, different people's lifestyles and more accepting, which I think is amazing. And I think that, You know, through art like music and just creatives in general, I think it's just really great that, You know, we can bridge, You know, all of our communities together.


So kudos to him for, You know, standing up and showing support for the LGBTQ plus community. I feel like if you are, if you are supporting them too, or not supporting them, it's, it's a double-edged sword. It's one thing or the other. Like, you're either jumping on the, what'd you say, boo? You can't, is it, you can't win for losing or is it, can you can't, which one is it? You can't, you can't running right now that you trying to say it. Right. I know what you're saying. It's like, You know, it's like, You know, either you say, I'm not going because it's a lg, it's a, You know, it's gay pride or whatever.


And then you're getting bashed or getting canceled. I mean we've, we know a few people have been canceled for, You know, not supporting and or you show up And you really are just like, I'm creative, I'm, I am who I am. I can be very confident. Yeah. Very confident in my sexuality and it shouldn't feel any kind of way. It's 2025. We gotta do better. Yeah. Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall. Hi, I'm Tia Skar. I'm Taylor Gray. And I'm John Lee Brody. But You may also know us as Harrison Doula Specter two to be Rez Specter five and Ezra Bridger Specter, six from Star Wars Rebels.


Wait, I wasn't on Star Wars Rebels, am I in the right place? Absolutely. Each week we're going to rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and Share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom voices, za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jael and many others. Sometimes We'll even have a lively debate and We'll have plenty of other fun surprises and trivia to Oh And Me. Well, I'm the lucky ghost crew Stowaway, who gets to help moderate and guide the discussion each week. Kind of like how Kaan guided Ezra in the ways of the force. You see what I did there? Nicely done, John. Thanks Tia. So Hang on 'cause it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue The music.


Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I started to live a double life when I was a teenager, responsible and driven and wild and out of control. My head is pounding. I'm confused. I don't know why I'm in jail. It's hard to understand what hope is when you're trapped in a cycle of addiction. Addiction took me to the darkest places. I had an AK 47 point at my head, but one night a new door opened and I made it into the rooms of recovery. The path would have roadblocks and detours, stalls and relapses.


But when I was feeling the most lost, I found hope with community. And I made my way back. This season joined me on my journey through addiction and recovery. A story told in 12 steps. Listen to Krems as part of the Michael Luda podcast network available on the iHeartRadio Op Apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey y'all, I'm Maria Ez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before.


Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like be respectful or may not of the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when You're Invisible as part of the Mike Cultura Podcast Network. Available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I am Bob Pitman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new of my podcast, math and Magic Stories From the Frontiers of marketing. I'm having conversations with some interesting folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use. I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of Health Beauty to rang Amin. The Way I approach risk is constantly try things and actually make it okay to fail. I'm sitting down with legendary singer-songwriter and philanthropist jewel. I wanted a way to do something that I loved for the rest of my life. We're also hearing how leaders brought their businesses out of unprecedented times.


Like Stefan Bon sell CEO of Moderna. He becomes a human decision to decide to throw by the window your business strategy and to do what you think is the right thing for The world. Join me as we uncover innovations in data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark the magic. Listen to math and magic stories from the frontiers of marketing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your Podcasts. Let's get it up to what y'all, the the, the question of the day, the topic of, of the month of what's been going on in the blog.


I know y'all seen it where Brie, I don't know how to pronounce her last name. Nick Canon's baby mama. Oh yes. I you're talking about on selling Sunset. Yes. So she did an interview in regards to, You know, her relationship with Nick Canon and I feel like it's starting to be the norm now these why do, why are people so interested though, is my thing. Like why do we keep interviewing her about her relationship with Nick Cannon? But it's not just her. What I'm, what I'm speaking on is like a lot of people are becoming open to the probably, probably or open or whatever because probably 'cause women feel like they'll take a piece of a man.


Like they can't get everything that they're looking for from, from one person. So I feel like they're just like, well if he can give me this and this, he might not can gimme everything, but he can gimme a baby. He can gimme some money, a house. Okay, I can work with that. So they go with that. Hmm. So you feel like it's just our culture. 'cause when you really take a deep look into it, you look into the Muslim community world, they have multiple wives and they're okay with it. Isn't that considered a it's not just mu it is. I know what you're saying. There are some cultures that are like, if you can afford to take care of X, Y, and Z, so many wives and the children, then you should be multiple.


What does it be? Fruitful and multiply, You know, they'll take it to another, another level or have multiple wives. They have multiple lives. Yeah. So that's considered what poly polygamy. Polygamy. Right. So it's been going on day one since day one. Now we're not used to it. I'm not used to it. I couldn't be in a, I was just about to ask y'all. I couldn't do it. Why? Why can't you do it? Sharelle? I'm curious on what your thoughts are. I don't, I'm not sharing my man. Like I just can't share my man. But what if you had other men on the side?


I just, I can't, it is hard for me to, to maintain multiple men. I can't. Okay. What you, what if, what would you do? How they're doing it? Like would you be the one woman with multiple men though? Could you do that? I just said I can't balance multiple men. Well, you need to learn the multitask, Kenny. Oh, I don't know what you do. And try it. My thing is this, I don't know, you don there and I just feel like men are so open to doing it, but they can't handle it if they are the one of many, You know what I mean? Like, if they just had to be with, they had to be one of the husbands.


I agree with you Ashley. I feel like they can't handle it. I feel like they can't do it. And I feel like we need to see the other side of it. We need to see a woman who has five husbands and were they all in agreeance? Like, yeah, I'm Tuesday and Thursday and yeah, whatever, whatever. But wait, would you be in a relationship and if a man came to you and said, You know what? I have to have multiple women. I love you, but I need another woman. How would you take that? And you really like him? I feel like I'm low key dealing with that now in dating. Just in general, being single. I mean in my other, my other relationships, I was in an open relationship and didn't know I was in one.


So at least there's some dialogue and some communication. But I saying that because I'm dating, I'm not already date dating and they're already dating multiple people at the same time. And when you're with them, you already feel like, You know you really like him. You're the only one. Like you're not thinking about, You know, when he leaves and who he's with when he is gone. You don't know who he's dating and You know what I mean? What's right feelings. Who you texting? Good morning. Is it a mass text in the morning to everyone that you're talking to? Not a man because you're doing so many energies. You know what I mean? Pause. I pause. I was on Wait because it's funny when you said the math tick, I was on this flight coming back and it was a, a high profile individual sitting in front of me and I can see them texting, like they didn't have a screen on that.


They would copy and paste the same thing to like 12 different Sam. Like, oh dang. That's the kind of like people watching I like to use. That's exhausting. Just saying she like, is that you be like me. But he might be, he might be a polygamist or just, just living his best life. You know what I mean? Like, I look at it like this, I want open dialogue. I mean I, I I agree with Sharelle. Like, and y'all like, I feel like men can't handle it. You know, if you are saying this is what it is, it starts from the beginning. Hey, I'm dating other people.


If that's the conversation I'm dating with intention or I'm dating for one partner. I mean, I prefer one partner. My pH balance prefers one partner. My mental, my heart, my time prefers one partner because it's already a lot juggling this pie of like work and family and friends and children and all these things. And so I don't need all these other energies because I believe in soul ties. I believe in, You know, mixing energies and other people's energies coming into your relationship and really coming into your spirit. And I don't have time for that. Like I don't, I don't wanna be getting tested over and over again because You know, you over here doing this and doing that.


I appreciate the honesty because again, it's the other way around. It becomes cheating if it's not verbalized. You know what I mean? But at the same time, it's not for me. I just don't think I can spread all this love. And I feel like my value is just enough to where you, You know, I feel I love myself so much that you shouldn't wanna share. You shouldn't want me to be out there being shared, You know, lock the shit down. I think right now there's this whole thing with men, like they feel like, I mean they should feel like they are a prize, right? But they feel like things have shifted. You know what I mean? I feel like there's this whole thing about a high value man and they feel like if they're a high value man, then You know, they have a lot to offer and they have a lot of resources.


And so therefore they should be allowed to have multiple women because they can afford it. And that just makes them, You know, a eligible person to, to be with multiple women. So, I don't know. I think because women are allowing this mindset of the man being like the prize and we have to be out here trying to get them and chase them. I feel like it's really just changed, like, the whole dynamic of dating and I don't know.


It's like, I agree. The women are the men now. That's what, what you call it said, what is the soft, what is the soft, what's the football player? Cam Newton? No, Brandon Marshall. He said, oh, he did say that. What did he say? He said the women are the men. The women are the men. The new, yeah, the women are the new niggas. That's what yeah. The new N word. And because he got flute out. Yeah. 'cause he got flute out by an Alister actress. You know, it's like the tables have turned, the men gonna be wind and dying. They wanna be flew out.


It's just a different dynamic These days. No, I wanna be courted. I want to be, let me be the queen that I am. You know, let let me know you're interested and show some effort that's sexy. And I'm not competing. I feel again, two people have to be in love with themselves to want to share that love and, and really negotiate their peace with someone else. And I don't have time to be splitting it up and, and dividing it up and all that. It's too much. EO is out here flaunting around on his throat. Yeah. Mio. That's right. That's another one. Yeah. He, every day he's out like posting pictures, You know, of him. Right? He that either too, like why are they so like, flashy with it?


Like why is it a show? You know, why do we need to know with different 10 different women? Do they all date each other because they all be together in one? That's a great question. Sharelle. What, what type of relationship is that? Is that the, like where he is the main and then they have, I don't know what you call it, they all hang out together. Thin. I'm what you said it's called what? Thin. Thin. That's a lot of, that's a lot of going, that's a lot to handle. That is a lot ne But maybe it's like the clout thing too.


Maybe it's like they're just trying to be cool. I don't know. But Neil, I, I don't think I, I have been approached to be like, like this is my partner, this is my fiance, this is my person, but I'm allowed to date other people and date other women, I should say. Huh. When was this? It's maybe about 6, 6, 7 months ago. A friend of mine was like just to, I mean, I like, I like listening to pe No, no. I like listening to people and really, You know, understanding where, where their mind is.


Did you think, did you have a little thought process was and was like, maybe I could this? No. Did it? No. No. I didn't like him enough. Okay. What if you really, really liked him? I think that wouldn't be my person. I feel like I, my values, my religion, just my spirituality and really just my life experience. I'm not for everybody and everybody's not for me. And I don't want to deal with another female. I just don't wanna do. But you deal with them, like how, oh, we saw that show. Yeah. Yeah. The actor. He said he's ethically non-monogamous, You know, so he was saying like every woman in his life serves a purpose and has like a role and like one woman might not be as available because they have a career or they live somewhere else or something.


So they're not as available. And so then he has this other girl who isn't as busy, so she serves a purpose. And then like he has a woman who he wants to have kids with, You know? So it's like each woman serves a purpose, but I don't think any of the women really have to deal with each other. And that's going back to like Nick Cannon and Brie too. Like I feel like, but I don't ever see Nick with other, his other baby mamas. I always see him with Bri. I see him with the other ones. I know one of 'em gotta be with the other ones. 'cause he's still making babies with the, and he's, he is with them. Like I see him in the pictures. I see him like, because Bri's baby number like eight or seven, I don't know. But he had more after her and yeah, so I'm saying like I still, I see every time I'm on social media, I just always see him.


I feel like she's doing that too. That's, yeah, she's into this, she's about that life. You know what I mean? She's on reality tv, she's doing her thing or whatever. I mean, I don't know. She's definitely the one doing the interviews. You see Mariah, Mariah ain't having no, no. Mariah is not a pound a part of that count. She's, she is like, she was the first to, she was the only wife. But You know, to each their own. Again, it's just not my, my pa my passion, my portion or my, my testimony, it's not my free statement was has defendant, their, they have an arrangement, not a relationship and arrangement stating that she is happy with their dynamic and does not feel the need for exclusivity.


And that's good for her. I think she's lying to herself for now. You know what I mean? It's like, I gotta make the best of this situation and I'm gonna make it look amazing because why would you come on these interviews and be like, it's horrible. I hate it. You know, like she's gonna say that. I feel like she's gonna say whatever she has to say to get by. I think I get too in my head, You know, if the minute you walk out the door, you adding all this extra pressure to me, I don't want, right. And we are emotional creatures. Like we get, we get only it's that time. After that time of the month, we, we start, You know, ovulating when we start ovulating, You know, we want want it bad and what if we can't get it from him?


I, I feel like they'd be having somebody on the spot. I wonder if that, I wonder has that been asked? They don't let me know. No. Like all, all is fair. Like he can do him. You, she, he knows, she knows that he's gonna go to see these babies and be an active father. I'm sure that's what's attractive to her too. But like, I don't know. I don't know Ash. Yeah, I don't think they gotta be exclusive back. Right. I know, but the man, but he can, they don't want you out there. They want you to I know, I know Neo said that about his situation that they can what he saying? Yeah, that they have to be exclusive to him.


That's every man. But I don't think Nick Cannon, he's never said anything like that. No. I think Nick wants his, his women to be exclusive. Oh, to him you don't see her anyone else? Maybe they're not allowed to publicly because you can't be that. I just No. Walk around with a clown face baby. Because ain't no way. Ain't no way. Yeah. I don't know. Ain't no amount of money in The world that's gonna have me looking like boo boo the fool. Why you out here with every Yeah, and I don't want it. I don't want it. I feel like, You know, we gotta go back to the times of being courted and being loved on and being, You know, put on a pedestal and really like, men should be, You know, fighting for our attention and really like, it's like the, the lions, You know what I mean?


Like, let me go and impress her and really be like, choose this woman that I wanna pour into because we are way more, I feel like complex. Like men are very like simple, You know what I mean? So we, it's a lot of work and if we want to be fulfilled in so many different ways, they need to focus. But I feel like these new age women are making it the easy for these men. Yeah. The bar is very low. Like the standard is not there anymore. So how do change these men to go back to court and to go back to, because they, these women fist, oh, lemme say that one more time.


Some of these are just making it so easy. It's hard for her. She starts at home. Like with our young people at home, like me teaching my sons like what kind of lady to be interested in how to be a gentleman, how to, I like that. I mean, and like, it really just, it's really about having like examples and representation of families and marriages and having them around certain company and they gotta see it in they face to, You know what I'm saying? If you don't see it, then you're just gonna think, oh well I've seen all these broken up relationships and families and I already know he probably gonna cheat on me.


So let me just, You know, it feel like if you don't believe it, that you can have a man that is going to give you everything that you want and need. And you can have a whole, You know, relationship that, You know, completes you and fulfills you in all the ways that you need. If you don't believe that that can happen for you, then of course you're just gonna go out here and be with a man who says, well I'm gonna be with five other girls. Yeah. You know what I mean? I like that does start with self, it starts at home. It starts with having those examples. I like that a lot. And teaching your little boys, like, I teach denim. Open the door, say it, You know, ladies first just do these small things because now you, you just see my grandfather, even my dad, they open the door for their wife for, You know, for women.


They allow the woman to go first. These men are starting to act like the Exactly. That's what I'm saying. It starts first and a lot and a lot of these guys didn't have that at home. And it's showing now, it's showing now that they're older and they're dating, it's showing. Yeah. Yeah. It's just too many options and, and so much access. It's, the access has gotten easier too. You know, you could be at home scrolling and set up a date the next day instead of just walking down the street, You know, and just really bumping into somebody. It's just too easy. It's like they don't have to put effort, no effort. Now they can just double tap. I like you double tap. And now, You know, and if it becomes very transactional too, but glad it, glad to me like it becomes super transactional to where it's like, You know what, it becomes quantity over quality.


That that too. You know, it's just a lot of layers to that. But I'm not, I bet the men would say that it's like that because women just want money and stuff. So they like, well it, I can give you money that's easy. You know what I mean? So it comes a transaction. Yeah. I think now they ain't, they ain't giving you no standards here. This is basically you want the money, I want this now. It's just a transactional fling and gets outta paying. It's just becoming nasty. Just nasty out there. Just nasty.


So how do you go about like, changing it? Like you like someone And you see potential in them, but they have those flaws of they don't know how they be a polygamy And you gotta change it. No, not, I'm talking about just being able to, for a, a man being a man again. Like doing thi Mm. That's tough. I dunno about a fake. That's a good question. I don't believe in changing a man. I feel like a man is gonna, not changing a man, I'm just saying like changing, not changing that man as a person, but changing his ways to, to be able to put the woman first.


Like doing little small things. Learning my love language. Oh, that starts with intention. That's that to me that's the first con like one of the first conversations. If you, if I'm being approached one thing, like I think it starts with like, we we're all old school, we prefer man to approach us. You know what I mean? Especially if we're out and You know, it starts with that. And then when you have the start to have these conversations, where are you in life? Where do you see yourself intention? That's when you can start to like decipher who you gonna really start to invest in. Because I feel like men start to know early on if this is someone that they really start to like, just like, You know what I mean?


And it, it starts with, it's just really about intention and conversation and really like, this is where I'm at in life. This is what I see really happening for me. And if I like him, then it progresses. If it doesn't, then you, You know, it starts to naturally fall back because You know, when you get in a space of knowing your worth and knowing your value, you are not dealing with the bullshit. You're not dealing with the little, the the red flags and just the nuances that would turn you off. Like, I feel like once you get in the space of being married, being divorced, dating multiple people and just understanding who you are, you can choose who, who's not gonna not gonna go further on in the stage.


You know what I mean? Because then we, we know we're wasting time. I don't have time for that. You know, I gotta like you, you gotta, there's some, some things, but it's intention. I think it's, yeah, I think sometimes guys can be a little slow. So I don't think that there's anything wrong with a man who doesn't like come already knowing like how to please you because everybody is different. Every woman is different. Everybody thinks differently. So when it comes to, like you were saying Sharelle, like changing a man or showing him, like how do you get him to do the things or whatever? Like, I think it's just starts with like communication, You know what I mean?


And like giving him hints. Like I, I would say 'cause men gonna do what they wanna do, You know what I'm saying? And I feel like if they really, really like you, they're gonna really like pay attention. So I, I don't like to like tell a man AKA Phil 'cause I don't like to tell him what to do, but I like to like hint, You know what I'm saying? Like I'm a, it's a big hint, You know, like I pretty much lay it out without telling him, You know what I'm saying? Because I want him to pick it up on his own and like really be intentional about making a decision to do this to please be, You know what I'm saying? And I feel like they don't start picking up on the hips and they don't like you.


So I think it's just like putting it out there. Like this is what I like, but not telling a man what to do. Because if you have to tell him what to do, I feel like he don't really like you like that he just doing what you saying? Yeah. Going through the motions or whatever. The checkoff list. I like that Ash. That's a great point. I have a question. This is a one that I have seen ha happen. Do you think a person can genuinely love more than one person at the same time? Yes, I do. Have you ever been in that situation before? Like have I been in that situation before? No.


In love, not love, but be in love. I think people can be in love with multiple people at once. I'm saying like a couple, just because there, there's different types of love. There's different types of like, you could still not be over someone too intimate, like sexually intimately. Like what? What do you mean? Like, being in love? Like there's different types of love. Like I love you, but being in love, like I love you to the point where I wanna spend the rest of my life with you type love. Yeah, I do. I feel like you could be in love with two people at once. I do.


I don't ever wanna come. I don't either. I just think like you, I think you can, You know, that is, it gets real tricky when that happens. But at the same time, I like look at us, we love all of our children, we love our, You know, like, I know that's unconditional in a different kind of way. But if you have a bond with someone, if you're friends, if you have this, You know, maybe intimate relationship, right? But that's a different type of love. Like you're gonna love, we're gonna love of course because it's different. But being in love intimately, physically, that's a, that's a oof, it takes a lot.


I agree. I don't think I can be in love. I can be in love with two people at the same time. I think sometimes that happens because like you get caught up in the idea of being in love with somebody. You know what I mean? And if that happens, like if you fall in love with two people, I feel like it's not, it's not really love. It's the idea of love. Because if you really, really in love with somebody, like in love, like how could you fall in love with somebody else? Unless it's like one of those freak accidents. Like you fell in love with somebody and then like they went on a trip and they, they disappeared and then you met somebody else, they came back.


That's like a movie though, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But I feel like, like are just dating two people and then you fall in love with both of them at the same time. I feel like, and that's why, to your point, that's what I'm thinking. Like you could still love love with somebody and it just didn't work out or it's long distance or something like that. And You know, if life happens And you just, so that's how I feel like that you could still be in love with somebody. Yeah. More than one person. Right. What's your take on emotional cheating And is it worse than physical cheating? Ooh, shit.


Wow. I know. I mean I feel like, dang that's pretty, that's a tough one. Okay. I think emotional to be like emotional. She didn't mostly be like, seems like a, like the women in the relationship usually does the emotional cheating, right? And then it's usually the man that does the physical cheating. So I would say the emotional is probably worse because women, we lead with our emotions and like once we emotionally like gone, then the body is gone. I agree. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Or like if it's a physical thing, I feel like you just got one off and move on.


So for me, I would say the emotional is worse, but both are both equally. I think wrong. I agree with you Ashley. I feel like emotional is way worse just because now the heart, the mind, the soul, everything is attached to that. Whereas physical, it could be a one-off, it could be I fucked up or I slipped up or it was a mistake. You know what I mean? Whenever. So I just feel like, and that might be a little easier to get over than emotional. 'cause when you're emotionally tied to somebody, there are feelings, there are, your mind is involved, your heart is involved.


And that can be very tricky and scary. I was, I did a podcast with this couple, they were amazing out of Atlanta. And the husband spoke on it about, You know, when men cheat men don't cheat with the intent to fall in love. Like they're cheating. They're cheating because it's the ego thing. Or they wanna feel like they still have it. But when a woman cheat, the man can, it's hard for that man to forgive that woman because they know emotions are attached. So he was like, it's not the same. It's not on the same to hold, even though both of them are wrong. But when a woman even emotionally.


So I feel like emotionally they don't even have to lay with that person physically cheating. Just being attached to a man. Their feelings and their attention are starting to drift away. And when they start drifting, drifting away, it's pretty much over for that. Yeah. Yeah. But I do know some hoes out there who will just bust one off real quick. You know? So I don't wanna just put that on the man. The hoes be hoeing And you right, you right Ashley. I just had to put that out there. 'cause we can't, You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I do. It is something that could cheat with No, and it's a turn off for me if I find out you got a situation, You know, I'm like, mm, no, I don't wanna, I don't wanna try to penetrate that.


I don't want no parts of it. I don't like it. Yeah, that's true. You know, it's just not my thing. And you become instantly unattractive. What y'all think about people having like work husbands and work vibes and stuff. I'd be hearing about that. Is that cheating or is that like just It depends because I have, You know, I have seen situations when Chad and I was in, in a relationship and he was close to females, but it was like, I know who they were. They were comfortable. But then again, you sometimes have to watch that too because you'll know they could play the role. And then not saying that that happened in our situation, but it has happened before.


Who was it? Was it, I don't even wanna put one of the celebrities. The lady was booking the flights and doing everything all in the face, smiling and behind her back. She was cheating husband saying was putting, ain't wanna say it's wait we, it's public knowledge or whatever you are. Right? It that happens all the time. You know what I mean? Unfortunately, I'm gonna say I don't, I don't trust it. Yes. It's tricky. I'm gonna be the assistant, I'm gonna be the everything you need. I'm what you need.


I book the flights, I'll wash the clothes, take 'em to the cleaner. What you need. Make the reservations. I got you. But I feel like, like, I mean, I have guy friends and I don't want a relationship to be like someone in a relationship when I become super serious to be like, you gotta cut them off. I know my boundaries. I also know I don't want him to be uncomfortable, but I'm gonna be like, that's actually my guy friend. Like, there's nothing sexual, right? There's nothing, anything going on. But I actually, that's a friend that has been. But what if you start dating somebody and they have that work wife or whatever. And as far as You know, it is just work related, but it still makes you a little uncomfortable.


Are you gonna just suck it up and deal with it? Or gonna speak up and say, Hey, I'm a little uncomfortable with y'all's situation. Definitely have to speak up. It shouldn't make you uncomfortable unless it shouldn't make you uncomfortable. Unless they, they give you reasons to make them make you feel That's true. Right? Because I don't have like any concrete, like it's like they're super close. They have good chemistry, okay, because they've known each other for years. They've been working together for years. But they're like, You know, they're really close. She knows everything about him. She books everything, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So there's not anything that You know specifically that's wrong, but it's just like the intuition type of feeling.


I, I just feel like those are insecurity issues or jealousy. And unless for me, until you gimme me a lesson to feel a certain type of way, then I'm not gonna put it on you. I'm not gonna put that in the air until you give me a reason to feel that way. I'm not gonna make you feel uncomfortable because you have a friend, this person could have been friends before I even came in the picture. I'm not gonna make you feel uncomfortable or make you feel like you have to sneak around to talk to your friend or, or be with your friend. Because I feel uncomfortable for no reason. Because you are friends with, You know, a pretty female or just a female in general because I have male friends and it's, it's just not right. Like, until you give me a reason to feel that way, then that's when I'm gonna start acting the fool.


But, and, and I, I agree with you Sharelle. 'cause it's like, until you find out like, You know, something shady is going on or you find out that they are booking flights for other women or whatever, then, then there's the issue. But other than that, it, I, to me, everyone starts with a clean slate until you prove me wrong that you can't be trusted. And I would definitely say something. I'm not biting my tongue. I, if, if it's something that's super uncomfortable for me, I gotta talk about it. I wanna know what's up. And if my intuition kicks in and then I find out some more stuff, then you, we got a problem. Yeah. You know, but I just don't, it it, it gets tricky, You know?


'cause you got, you got, the ladies are in it now. Especially the guys. They, You know, a lot of men, they just have staff or they have these ladies around and they bring in this energy. You know, it can, it can get a little tricky but you gotta trust. Got to, Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall. Hi, I'm Tia Skar. I'm Taylor Gray. And I'm John Lee Brody. But You may also know us as Harrison Doula Specter two to Be ran. Spector five And Ezra Bridger Specter, six from Star Wars Rebels. Wait, I wasn't on Star Wars Rebels. Am I in the right place? Absolutely.


Each week we're going to rewatch and discuss an episode from the series And share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom, voice Za Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jelle and many others. Sometimes we'll even have a lively debate And we'll have plenty of other fun surprises and trivia to Oh And Me. Well, I'm the lucky ghost crew Stowaway, who gets to help moderate and guide the discussion each week. Kind of like how Kaan guided Ezra in the ways of the force. You see what I did there? Nicely done, John. Thanks Tia. So hang on 'cause it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music.


Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I started to live a double life when I was a teenager, responsible and driven and wild and out of control. My head is pounding. I'm confused. I don't know why I'm in jail. It's hard to understand what hope is when you're trapped in a cycle of addiction. Addiction took me to the darkest places. I had an AK 47 pointed at my head, but one night a new door opened and I made it into the rooms of recovery. The path would have roadblocks and detours, stalls and relapses.


But when I was feeling the most lost. I found hope with community and I made my way back this season. Join me on my journey through addiction and recovery, a story told in 12 steps. Listen to Krems as part of the Michael Lura podcast network. Available on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people in immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before.


Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like be respectful or made out of the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when you're invisible as part of the Mike Cultura Podcast Network. Available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I am Bob Pipman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, math and Magic Stories. From the Frontiers of marketing. I'm having conversations with some interesting folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use. I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of Health Beauty Tog Amin. The way I approach risk is constantly try things and actually make it okay to fail. I'm sitting down with legendary singer and philanthropist jewel. I wanted a way to do something that I loved for the rest of my life. We're also hearing how leaders brought their businesses out of unprecedented times.


Like Stefan Sel, CEO of Moderna. He becomes a human decision to decide to throw by the window your business strategy and to do what you think is the right thing for The world. Join me as we uncover innovations in data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark the magic. Listen to math and magic stories from the frontiers of marketing on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcast are wherever you get your podcast. Never Adam. My Woo. There was some deep, these were some good conversations. We gotta get over to humble Betty's mail. But let us know how y'all feel about these topics, about this situation.


Could you handle your husband or wife having a work husband, having multiple sex friends? Let us know how y'all feel about it. Until then, we gonna get into the humble Betty Mail. What we got me. Lemme start here. Alright. Okay. This is from Tiffany from Maryland. Hey Tiffany. Hey Tiffany. Hey Tiffany. Hey, Humble Baddies. I absolutely love your show and I'm always excited when a new episode drops. I'm hoping you can give me some advice. I've been dating this amazing guy for about a year now and we've really fallen for each other. Everything has been going great.


But recently he told me that his job is relocating him to Dallas, Texas. We both live in Maryland right now, so this would be a big change. He asked me how I feel about moving to Dallas with him. We're not engaged, but our relationship has a, has been strong and I feel like he's serious about us. The thing is, I have my family and my friends here in Maryland. While I don't have kids or any major ties holding me back, it still feels like a huge step to move with someone. Do you think I should take the leap and go with him or would it be better to let him settle in first? See how things go before I make a move.


I'm worried that if I stay behind he could meet someone new and move on and I'd be left wondering what could have been. I really love to hear your thoughts on what you do in my situation. Thanks so much for reading my letter and please keep making amazing episodes. Can't wait to see you on tour. Oh, well right then. Tiffany from Marilyn Ladies. Ooh, what do y'all think about that? Well, I am a hopeless romantic girl, so I say Pack your shit. Yeah, okay. Pack it up and go. I mean, if nothing is holding you back, like if your work situation, You know, if you are gonna be good to go, like there's nothing holding you back, then why not go Like he sounds like he's ready to make a big step with you.


And I feel like if you're hesitating then like, do you even really like him like that? Like what are you doing? Because You know, if everything's going well with y'all and he's about to move, he's getting a job. Like things are on the up and up for him and he wants you to be a part of that. Telling him no to me would be like a major setback. And I, if I were him, I would look at you like, not like I wouldn't like you anymore, but it would make me feel like you're not as serious about me as I am with you. Especially in this day and age of dating and dating pool. Ain't that? Well girl, I don't know. I would really think hard about it, but I would pack my stuff and see how I feel and if it don't work out, you always move back.


Yeah, that's a big, I would, I would probably slowly transition. I would pack up and leave out, You know, keep my place, go there, see how it is because it, it's a lot. You don't know how it is living with this person baby. All good, You know, while y'all going back and forth. Y'all like each other, the butterflies, but I need to experience how it is living with you for a couple of days, for a week, then go back home, get, You know, yeah, reset. Then let, try how it fill with three weeks, then a month you, I just can't, I just can't pack it up and just go. Yeah. So Tiffany, my recommendation is to take it slow. I slow, slow, steady, slow, steady.


I'll Ash Anna, I'm with you Sharelle. I'm a hopeless romantic too, but at the same time, like she, Tiffany doesn't have anything tying her down like right now, like the, it's hard dating already locally, You know, trying to have your life and have children and work and all that kind of stuff. But if you have nothing tying you down, I say I like how Sharelle said, gradually go, You know, absence makes the heart grow fonder. And so it's like, it gets sexier when it's like, yeah, I'm coming in this weekend. I'll see you after a month or whatever. Or You know, just pack a bag and really have like really start to slowly transition to it. So I'm like, You know, show up, give that energy.


It's sexy to meet up like, You know, halfway or whatever on the road or however that may be. So if that's the, if that's where your heart is, go follow it. But at the same time be conscious and know that just in case you can fall back or you can go and, and make a move because you're starting, You know, say you're moving to this new city, this is where his job is. He's gonna have built in people at work anyway. You are gonna have to start over finding people that to be social with and to really find your own identity in a new city and You know, it's, that can be tough in itself and really your job or whatever else, it would be hard, You know, so it's just, it's a lot of factors, but I say go for it.


But take your time. Take your time Tim Girl. And don't feel like he might find someone else. Sis. Don't take too much time, Tiffany. See, I don't think, I don't think you should put that pressure on myself. Like, oh, he might find someone else. No. Meant to be if they're supposed to be together. Yeah, exactly. If it's meant to be. Yeah. But, well I think it's dope for him to ask too, that, You know, when he put that ring on it girl and he like, baby, I'm ready to bring you, I'm ready to change that last thing, then I will pack up all my shit. Then there's no hesitation. You like hesitation but it's, it's hard because you don't know how people are people you write this you don't know dealing with.


And it really changes when you actually in that same household with that person 24 7. That's a, that's a big, yeah, it is. You know, because the first year, so they, what did they call it? Like the newlywed stage And you have your representation, representative. Representative, You know, it can be a little tricky 'cause you're right, you don't, there's not, there's not like, it's not heavy situations that might arise. It's not financial yet. It's not a lot of real life experiences where you haven't seen this person for who they really are. That could be tough. That is so true. But You know, in your heart I say pray about it and make him put a ring on.


Its for you fully relocate at least some kind of something. Right. Some break in case of emergency. Right? Some kind of security sounds like. Yeah. Right. Well that if Apple bat's mail y'all, if y'all have anything that y'all wanna submit to us, y'all want us to talk about it. Whether it is t whether it's you need advice, whatever it is, y'all send it over to us at Humble Baddies podcast. Humble Baddies podcast@gmail.com or NR DM on Instagram. Humble Baddies. If you have not subscribed to Humble Baddies, make sure you subscribe to the YouTube Humble Baddies. We'll start, we'll be now going live Mondays and Wednesdays at 8:00 PM Make sure y'all stay tuned.


Yes, yes. Thank you for tuning in everybody. And where can we, where can they find us too ladies? Where can they find y'all? You can find me at Ash three Nicole on Instagram and Ash three Nicole on Snapchat. You can find me at Sharelle. Rosado What? Sharelle Rosato on on Snapchat. I'm on Snapchat y'all. Y'all make sure y'all go my babe. She Sharelle Reto on Instagram and Sharelle Rosado on Twitter and I'm just on Instagram right now at Alexis Sodomy Meyer.


We gotta get them, we gotta get them socials up. Gotta get those socials up. You might be missing something. Somebody probably trying to date you and everything. Exactly. You don on Instagram. Well, what else do I need to be on y'all? What y'all think? What y'all think? Because it's not Facebook. Gotta hot Snapchat, snap all, all the dating apps. I'm on a phone but I like, I like it. I like in person. Huh? What dating app? Ryan, you, you, you, you need an invite. I think somebody looking for, looking for, I think I might can set you up on a really good You did say do I need a invite?


I need, if you want, I know you talk. That's why I had to go back. Aya. What is It's a dating app. It's a dating app but for like it's attaches to your Instagram, you, you get referred and it's pretty much lowkey. Like this is you, you are who you say you are, but you can be friends or you can also be there for like, I guess romance or whatever or hooking up. That's what I, it's just turning into more like hookup. Hey y'all, let's take some questions from the, from the viewers real quick. Yes, that would be lovely. Let see you think, get that. Hi everybody.


Okay. What a question. A question. You got 'em? Ash? I'm looking. Lemme see. Okay, y'all put, y'all put the questions in the chat. Somebody said UNC needs to hit L up. Hey, hey, hey. We on the same team. We on the same team. I wrong now that might be, that might be something. UNC and Ox. That is hilarious.


Oh no. Oh no. Hey home Badies, please bring a Lauren to Old Callie. It's a lot of land to develop. I feel the people want see Not not, okay. Somebody wants to know what's your stance on 50 50. 50 50 in a relationship. Oh, y'all know Deborah Union something about, she said, did she say that she was tired of us? Yeah, she said she done with that. I trying to tell her when she first started it. Like, I mean, okay, I I can't do 50 50 'cause sometimes nine times outta 10 is gonna be 28 And you gonna be carrying the eight and I'm gonna be carrying the 20.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I'm gonna put in what I wanna put in when I feel like it, You know what I'm saying? Like, I like to have the play money. Like my money is the play money. Like I, when I wanna be frivolous, You know what I mean? And You know, just do something extra. Yeah. Let's do with my money. You, You know what I'm saying? I feel like I want Phil to be smart with his money. You know, he's very frugal. You know, we got our financial advisors. I know, You know, everything is set where it needs. So like with my money we could just, You know, Ashley, lemme ask you a question. Question. When you go shopping, do you sneak and bring your, your bags in and hide the bag?


Put the stuff in there. Like I have, I do it with my box, my boxes that I order like to the house. Like I try to be home when, when the FedEx man is home. I mean when the FedEx fan comes to the house. 'cause I don't want him to be like, damn, you got another package, you got another package, you got another package. You know what I'm saying? But because I, You know what? I don't even shop at them all that much no more. It's really that question because I heard Phil chat, you answer the question 50 50. No, I'm, I don't wanna go 50 50. I don't mind having just in case, but I don't wanna go 50 50.


I have my household, obviously I have kids, so that's my situation. Whoever I end up with, they have a household and their kids or whatever the case may be. I don't know they got their bills. But if we come together like vacations and things like that, I don't expect to do go 50 50 on that. Yeah, I agree. I think 50 50 is just a weird concept in general. Like why are we even, I don't know, it's just, it's very like, I don't know, like almost same as like transactional when you thinking about it, it's like, I'm gonna do this, so you gotta do this. Roommate are we're roommates.


Yeah. I don't like that. We're not even, and it, it, it could be, it could get a little tricky too. 'cause I know with the Gab situation, I know she was saying like, You know, she, she has her own and everything and has her empire, but Oh, like certain way. But You know, so I just think, I think, I think too Gabrielle Union was saying like, 'cause You know, it gets tricky when you're like taking care of other households and stuff like that. Yeah.


So I just think, You know, each household is different, but when we're just talking about it in general, I think it just feels very, I don't know, it doesn't feel, it doesn't feel good to have that conversation with your man and he's like, where's your half? Where's your half of the mortgage? Where's your half? Get me your 50%. Yeah, it's very weird because I mean, traditionally like a man is supposed to provide for the household. He's supposed to, You know what I mean? Just like traditionally a woman is supposed to do certain things, so I feel like we want the traditional, You know, lifestyle and relationship.


The 50 50 thing don't fit in there very well. I feel it is taking notes. So he got the ears. What you saying? I'm saying what? What'd he say? He said he gonna, he said he gonna put another camera on the opposite side In your closet. In your personal closet. This I'm joking. Watch you. Right. Say, hey, he's our big fan. He watch, comment, like, subscribe. Okay. Shout out to Phil. Phil do be be as soon as the episodes drop he be on me. He support. Well shout out. We love that too. Even though we're not together, my my best friend be supported.


He'd be supporting us. He be posting on his page. I'll be like, okay, look at you. He posted us today going you, but that's sweet. Okay, love that. We love, love our quarter support of, oh, I love them. Let, let's see. You know, maybe there's one in the, in the chat over there. I don't know. Okay, let's see where my supporters at in the, in the chat. You know what I'm saying? Where y'all at? Where y'all at? Lex. Lex said we're her supporters. She need her supporters so she can brag about too. Where y'all at, fellas? Oh, they said like, we your supporter, right?


Yeah. Before we go, it is St. Patrick's Day and none of us were green. So I'm pinching y'all through the screen. I'm not Irish, so, Hmm. Oh, is that how it work? I don't know. I got a little bit maybe. Oh wait, wait, wait. Not it is St. Patrick's Day. I am gonna pinch through the screen. Ain't that what they be doing? Oh no, she didn't. It's too late. You pinch Heavy day Irish. I mean, don't, don't, don't drink too much.


Until next time we'll catch y'all again. Wednesday, 8:00 PM Make sure y'all subscribe. Tune in to Humble Betty's podcast and so then thank you. Thanks for watching. I'm Mark Seal and I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my co-host Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title. Leave the Gun, take the Cannoli features New and archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others.


Yes, That was a Real Horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Zerka Sabine Ren, specter five. I'm Taylor Gray as a Bridger Specter six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowe moderator. Each week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from the series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom voices, Zio Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. So hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride.


Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm emle of the podcast crumbs. For years I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listen to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all. I'm Maria Fernand Di, when you're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people in immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.