
Who's Carl Anthony Towns Goat. But man, that man, LeBron different, that man. Brian's something special. Just straight off the rip. He's the best player I've ever seen. Talent wise All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Played the price, won the slice, got the bro dice, the swat. All my life I've been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice, all my life. I grinding all my life. Hello, welcome to another edition of Club Sheha. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprio of club she Shea.


And today we're at Spotlight la the guy that's stopping by for a conversation and a drink today is one of the most skilled big man to ever touch a basketball. He's arguably the best shooting big man of all time. First in league history to have 10 made threes, 10 made twos in, 10 made free throws in the same game. He's the only center in NBA history to win the three point contest and the skills challenge, he's a four-time, NBA all star, A two time all NBA member. The number one overall draft pick in 2016. 2016, NB. A rookie of the year, 2015 SEC, freshman of the year, 2014, Gatorade, national player of the year. McDonald's all American Kentucky alum. And he's the winner of the prestigious Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Social Justice Award.


Here he is, ladies and gentlemen, superstar of the unicorn, Kat Unc. Appreciate you man. Appreciate you bru. How you been Man? I've been good. Life's been treating me well. How's, how's the summer Man? It's good. Got to travel. Get more cultured. You know, see some new faces. God is good man. You know what, Kat, you, you, you. I ain't gonna lie. You know what you, we got little toasty you since you Dominican at all. You know? I know you put down known to put down you tired. We ain't gonna do that that much because you know, come on. Just a little something. I'm with it. That's my own cognac. I'm gonna see. For real. Yeah. We gonna send you home with a bottle. Ooh sha by La Portier. You know, Hey, Come on. Where the camera? I got y'all. Yeah. Five To all the success, everything that you've accomplished And, we continue to accomplish.


Appreciate it. Thank you for coming my club session. Appreciate You. Ooh, That ain smooth ain't it? That's good. Yeah, that's what I'm talking about. Okay. Okay. I see what you're talking about unc. Yeah, That's what, that's what's going down. Okay. I appreciate that. You called the stink. You said I'm the greatest shooting big man of all time. And people are like, well, hold on. Did Dirk not play in the NBA? Nah. Dirk was definitely When you said that, yeah. You knew that you was gonna catch some criticism, but does that just mean that No, I just got confidence in myself. I'm securing what I've been able to do and how I shoot the basketball. That's why I said what I said. Nah.


Absolutely. I mean, come on, you a pro. What You supposed to say? Yeah, you, you a pro, you know how it is. You gotta have ultimate confidence in yourself, right? If no one got confidence in you, as long as you got it right, you solid. Right? So I just know, you know, when I was speaking, I spoke from the heart, you know, I know the hours I put, I know the work I put into my game and I know what the stats say. So I just wanted to kind of set in stone what I feel about myself and how I feel what I could do in this league. And you know, I'm just gonna continue to prove it every single year. And you know, I'm gonna let the people choose. But like they, I know people talked about Dirk. Dirk set the table for me. So, right. I'm just super appreciative of him. Without him, I wouldn't be able to do what I Do. I'm looking at the stats in three point percentage, you are about 40%, 39.8 in the regular season.


Dirk is 38%. Towns has two. You shot a higher percentage from the field in the regular season. Higher percentage from the free throw in his prime. Carl Anthony towns today, Dirk in his prime. Do you believe you could beat him in a three point competition? I think I could beat anybody, but I also know that without him I wouldn't even be able to sit in his chair saying that. Right. Right. So it's kind of like weird to say that. 'cause I just know without him, I wouldn't even have the idea, the ideology that I could shoot threes at a high rate in a high clip like that. I, I think that with my shooting ability, I could do anything I say I can with shooting. But you know what? I think we're all for, especially me chasing with dirt got, and that's a ring. As long as I can get that ring, you know, it's, And an MVP Man, he was a beast.


I remember sitting in Jersey just watching him. I'm like, man, like if I could just be a lit, just half of the shooter, he is. I see myself doing really good things. Right. And I, you know, when you young in Jersey especially somewhere that hasn't made any NBA players like that except Derrick character. Shout out to Piscataway. Right? You just hoping to just be able to play college basketball, you know, shooting like that. And as, as long as you can shoot like that just to get a D one scholarship, you know, that's, you've made it right. You know? So You've got two 60 point games, three 50 point games, 1440 point games, and over 130 point games. And you said, you know, be able to shoot the basketball. I got that. For real? Yeah, you did all that. Damn. I didn't know.


I'm gonna be honest. And I don't even know if you knew in college we didn't see No, you no shoot the ball. Like you, you shoot it now at, when did you know you could shoot the basketball? Damn Kat Before college. You could always shoot like that. Always Shoot like that. What, What the hell happened in Kentucky? Man, don't get me started Now. Yo, I'm get you started. Nah, you know when, When I went to C Kentucky, I cal knew I could shoot the ball like that. He knew I was a great shooter in Jersey. I was shooting a bunch of threes, making a bunch. And And, we had the UK Pro Day. I don't know if anyone remembers that, but when we had the UK Pro Day, I remember we had the shooting drill. I think I broke Kyle Single's record for shooting on camera, right? On tv. So I, everyone knew I could shoot, but there was things I had to work on on my game.


If I wanted to get to the next level, be able to play some of the greats I've ever played this game like LeBron James and, and and and p and company, you know, for me to do that, I would have to amplify my game. I would have to fix my weaknesses. I would have to be a better post player. I would have to work on my body more. I would have to have all levels of scoring. So when I got to the NBA, I was truly prepared for what comes being an NBA player and wanting to be a great NBA player. So I just cal saw something that I needed to work on. I worked on it tremendously hard, got the job done, found myself in a great position to be in Minnesota. And you know that the ability to score at three levels has helped me tremendously in my career. I'm looking at you. I look at you and the way you played in college.


Yeah. I look at Anthony Davis, another guy that was mainly a def a a block shots. Block shots and defend, rebound to basketball. And then all of a sudden he comes out and he can average, you know, he can average one year. You average what? 27 and 28 and 11. What is it that, is it, is it scoring easier in the NBA than it is in college? I think it's just different games. I think it's just different games. I think that when you see what AD had to do in Kentucky to win a national championship and the talent that was around to Michael Kid Gilcrest, another Jersey Nader, I, I, I think that he was asked to do a different job that okay. Was needed to win a national championship and he sure as hell did. Right. Anyone? I believe he won National Player of the Year as well.


Yes he did. So he did what was needed for his team. And I think both of us did the same thing when we went to Kentucky. We have to learn how to sacrifice at the highest level. You know, we're all guys, Everybody's a five star. Yeah. But Also everyone wants to feed their family. Right? They know they come into Kentucky to get to the next level, get to the NBA to get that NBA money to be able to take care of the family. You to tell me you ain't gonna to Kentucky to be a accountant or a lawyer or a doctor. Hey, I want to be a kinesiologist. And they had the best kinesiologist program I seen in the country. So mix that in with the basketball. Of course I was gonna be able to do something special if I went there and shout out to my mom. You know, she was the one who was really about, I really like that school for you. And you know, I, I feel we both know mama knows best, right?


So I just kind of went with her and she was right. When you go to a school and you know, some of the guys that, that was at Kentucky, you played with them in McDonald's All America. Yeah. And you played against them growing up in a a u, you saw them. You said that, look, everybody wants to go to the next level. Everybody feels that they can score 15, 20 points a game. Yeah. And all of a sudden be the number one overall draft pick or be a lottery pick. Kat, how do you blend? Like okay, yeah, I wanna showcase my talent. I wanna win a national championship, but in the same breath I need X amount of shots. I need x amount of touches in order to do all the things that I wanna do while still being a team player. You know, when we were at Kentucky, we never even thought about all that.


Really. Like not at all. Like it was all about getting the win. Like we ain't think about nothing else. But that it kind of mimics a little bit like Olympic basketball. Okay, you on national, you know, when you're on a national team, it's not even about who gets the credit. As long as we win together, we win And, we win for our program And, we for our, our our fans and our college. You know, so we never thought about that. I know I have, I could definitely think of one game for sure, but there's been games where I think I scored two points against North Carolina on CBS. Man, That's, you can't, you can't score two points, Two points block one by like 20. We all went home super happy. So, you know, there's things when we were in college, that's what made that team so, so great was the, the ability for all of us as five star recruits.


Like you said, future NBA picks to be able to sacrifice for one goal that was just to win at all costs. It don't matter what it is, we leave with this win. And I think the record show for itself, we won 38th straight, found ourself in the 39th. We didn't get the job done, but I think we gave college basketball fans, SEC network and everybody a lot of fun, a lot of joy and, and all that winning. I found myself playing some of the, my favorite times of playing basketball in my career. How difficult was it? You're 38 and old, you got a chance to be 39 and oh possibly 40 and oh, probably no one's gonna win more than 40 games 'cause they don't really schedule that many games.


And you lose that game and you believe, yeah, I think in your heart of hearts, I think you guys believe you guys were the talented team. Yep. And that was a game that you guys should have won. Has that game haunted you? Yes. Is that one of the game that sticks? Yes. I only even gotta let you, oh, sorry. I can't even let you finish. Okay man, that was, yeah, that game still hurt. I still haven't watched it. Really. I can't, it it's, it's one of those like, There's painful memories I think we both have as playing as professionals and I even say in as in college as well, those that, that game probably hurt the most. And that's something that stuck with me.


And it was something crazy 'cause it was tough for us, let alone losing the game and having to look at each other in the locker room. And one thing Cal always told us was, you know, you'll never have a group of talent in a locker room ever again like this. And we'll never see each other again. 'cause we know a lot of us were gonna go possibly to the NBA. And you know, what really hurt us the most was, like I said, not only just seeing each other and understanding this may be the last time we ever played with each other or be able to have this opportunity. But when you have to go home from the arena and see your families Mm. In, in the, in the lobby, oh, It hurt. That hurt. You know, because you, we do this for our families, right?


And for us to come in front of our families and not be able to give 'em the, the moment that they deserve for allowing us and, and supporting us and giving us opportunity to even be at Kentucky to play the game of basketball, feeding us all those times, you know, not having us work, but allowing us to go work on our craft and our game and not being able to bring that trophy home for them. I think that will really, really hurt. When you go back and assess that game and you look at your play in that game, even though you haven't watched it, I'm sure you replayed it in your head. What do you think Kat could have done differently that could have swung the outcome in your guys' favor? The one play i, I still get mad about today, and they had to change the rule in college basketball after that game was the shot clock not being able to review it.


I believe ni Nigel still had the ball in his hand and the shot clock went off. But we still let the ball go and count it as a, as a bucket. When it was clear as day, it was a shot clock violation. So they changed that rule for the betterment of the next generation. But obviously some, Every rule that didn't help you. Yeah, Every Rule Change always has to affect one person before it becomes an enact and Right. And that was me Last year. I mean, you had a great season. Yeah. I mean you made the All star game, all star team. Y'all beat book and KD swept them beat through the reigning defending Champs and Denver nuggets, the MVP and Yolk and the Denver Nuggets after coming from behind.


Then you played the Mavs have home court. That's what you wanted. You wanted home court and you got it. What happened? They played really good basketball And. we, we didn't play our best and pretty simple as that. I mean, give credit what credit's due. They came in with a great game plan. Their guys showed up when they needed to hit big shots. Especially, you know, it's one of those unfortunate things. You know, we, we, we played two amazing teams. Amazing, amazing teams. Super teams and like you said, a rank defending champion who has the MVP getting his trophy. They had you guys down 20 in game seven. Yes, you are on the road.


Really. 21. Okay. Because it was 19 going into halftime. They came out and scored and went up to 21. Right. You are on the road, you're in a hostile environment. They have the def defense, they have the, the, the MVP three time MVP in four years, they're the reigning nb NBA champs. When you're on the road in a hostile environment, how do you guys stay together to say, you know what guys, we still have a chance to win this game. What was said in the locker room at halftime and then what, what was said come out guy in the locker room, You know, for us it was fiche. I mean, coach of the year candidate right there in our eyes, he's the coach of the year in the NBA. But for him to come in there with that kind of poise, he established poise in the locker room.


He, he, he, he let us know that we been in situations like this before and found ourselves winning the game. We know the talent, we know the work we've put in just time to leave it all on the court, especially for this half. Right. And us as players, before Fiche even got in there, we were just talking about just staying to the game. You know, like not letting go of the rope at any point, playing the game out. We knew, we never felt we were down that much. And now that I look back at the game, I say, wow, we really, You, you were really down a lot. We really Were down a lot of boys. So, but it just speaks to, to our locker room people like Kyle Anderson, Mike Conley, all the guys in our locker room who just continue to motivate us, continue to support, continue to establish confidence in everyone.


It, it, it, it was one of those magical moments where you feel so connected and all the times in the, in Abu Dhabi, in the preseason, we were talking about our comradery, the fact that we were unified, the fact that we felt connected. The fact that we knew in gain when it got to, when it got really difficult and things weren't looking going our way, that we would lean into the fact that we felt like brothers, you know, we felt like a family and that we would find out, find ourselves getting out of a situation together. That that third quarter, fourth quarter was special. And all the way down in our sixth man of the year in NBA Nas Reed came to play. Everyone just did so much in that game to help us win.


It was a total team effort to get that game done. You mentioned that you guys go into the locker room before Coach Finch comes in. Obviously he's probably talking to the assistants and about coming up with strategy in the second half. There weren't any cussing, man, what the hell are we doing? Come on man. What the hell you doing bad. You need to play better. You need to do this. You, there was none of that going on. Just poise. I feel like a lot of times Finch lets us talk the game out and you know, we hold each other accountable. That's what made our team so great was the ability like college teammates to hold each other accountable. And we all understood what, what would need to be done in a way we needed to play a perfect second half. Correct. And we went out there and found a way to get it done.


And I think that's not only a testament to the guys in the locker room, but our coaching staff and instilling confidence, keeping us poised, understanding, you know, when things got too high, keep us even keeled. And when things got low and things were looking really bad, you know, we stayed solid, you know, stayed disciplined. Ka Shot wasn't falling. No, you shot 37% from the floor. You shot 24% from the three in the Western conference. Finals shot 12.5% in five games. The worst percentage from deep in NBA playoff history. I said, I don't know if you heard, but I said Kat, the shot ain't falling bro. Get your big old butt down, you can post.


I've seen you. Yeah. Give some of the best defenders not shooting the three with your back to the basket drop steps saying you can't guard me. You can't guard me, you can't guard me. I don't give a damn about you being on the all NBA defensive team. I don't care about you being the defensive player of the year. I've seen you do it and then I'm watching you play the Mavericks. A a lot of times they get smaller guys like, KA, come on Kat, tell me what's go. I'm sure the coaches are telling you that. I'm sure probably Ann has told you that probably some of your closest friends Kat bro, you need to get down on the block. What's going on in Kat's mind. Obviously you gotta process a lot Kat. There's a lot going on because you know every game matters. There ain't no Oh we'll get 'em, we'll get 'em in two days.


And, we No, for sure. Absolutely. We gotta go. Absolutely. What's going on in Kat's head For me, just, just trying to execute. I know we put me in great spots. I got good looks just wasn't falling right. And I saw, I talked about it after one game, you know how I knew the work I was putting in. So it's, it's something when I go home I'm disappointed, I wanna win the game, but I understand, you know, I'm getting good looks and I just gotta continue to shoot 'em. So, you know, for me it's just taking what the defense was giving me. I was obviously getting some sh good looks at three just, and wasn't making them. You know, obviously we, we all could look back and say we, we would love me back in the post more in the Dallas action we call it free throw line action, getting ball side taking because You did that and you, you got the ball and you weren't waiting that game that y'all won.


Yeah, you weren't waiting, you got the ball. I said, okay, that's the camera. I know. Yeah, yeah. Jump in jumping real high. Yes. Yeah. Yes. You know, just, I think we all could look back at it and wish we did a little things differently sometimes too. But, you know, we did what we thought was best in the moment. It didn't work out. And you know, IIII feel bad 'cause I, I told the guys, you know, I and, and me and Amp and have conversations all the time, even during the Olympics, you know about things we both could do better. We could do all around better so we could help our team win and Right. You know, I, I know that we didn't want to come out with our kind of result. You learn from it, you move on. Right. I, I think that we obviously, like you said, we wish we could have that moment back.


We could maybe change some things, but it is what it is now. Mike Conley said you have to be more active in the paint. Is that's something that you go, obviously, you know, we're gonna talk about the 1500 shots that, you know, t and t and Charles them said that that's not possible. But do you feel that's, I mean obviously you work on shooting, I mean you can't be as tall as you are, have the kind of touch that you have. Yeah. Without working on it. How so how do you split your workouts? Do you like, okay, I'm getting up 500 shots today and then in the afternoon session I'm gonna get played with, you know, in the paint. Do drop steps do fade away, one leg? Both. I mean, so how does Kat break up his workouts to make sure he's getting the work that he needs? So when he gets in the game, it's second nature For me when I, in a regular, regular season, postseason, whatever, it's the same routine all the time.


I usually first one in the gym I get there say probably like six. Okay, six, seven if it depends the time of practice, but let's just say six on a regular day. Six, get my sauna in, you know, get my work in, do my red bed after that, head back, get work on my body, do PT session with the P people there. Go on to court, shoot, shoot for an hour, go lift, come back, do our, our, we call it vitamins. Okay. Do it with the coaches. Now shooting more practice the whole practice shoot again after Luca Garza. Okay. And then, you know, go home, rest up. I've been there for a long time.


This is probably, now we're talking about from six in the morning. I'm leaving around two o'clock, three o'clock. If I get a massage to take care of my body, go in the cold tub after and everything probably about 4 35. And then get home, gotta court at the house. So shooting more shots at the house and then just relax, take care of my body, do some rehab, ice game, ready, you know, Normand tech. So really just, I love this game. I love my job. I love my craft. So I, I just dedicate my whole entire life to it. And I smile. 'cause I just, I, I always think about every day about playing basketball and happy. Even before this I got to play a lot of basketball.


You said, man, I get up 1500 shots a day. Charles Barkley said he lying ain't happening. Shaq's like, the fact that he's not upset concerns me. Draymond, Kenny say you were capping. I mean I look, I don't know what's, what's normal for an NBA player. How many shots he gets up? I don't know if it's 50, I don't know if it's 500. I don't know. If's five. How many passes you catch a day when you was playing? When they threw him to me, And, we, Hey, I saw the jock you got on. They threw it to you alive. They did. They did. They did. You know, we caught jugs. I caught jugs, And, we tried to catch 50 passes, but we had to catch 50 in a row.


So if we dropped we had to start all over again. Start over. Yeah. So yeah, I, I caught it least 50, you know, quarterbacks threw do it. So I would say during the course of a practice, given 75, say probably 75 passes a day, You hear that that means they ain't dropping no passes. No, no, no. Because you don't. Because you already been out there for an hour and a half, two hours. Yeah. And so you already tired. Yeah. So you gotta concentration because of your concentration break. Knock in, now the ball hit and you might be at 25, you might be at 30. Yeah. Now you gotta start all back over again. So you didn't want that to happen. And the thing, the last thing you want to happen, Kat, is that being in a situation where it's fourth down or it's late in the ball game and your lack of concentration. Yeah. You drop a pass and The lack of reps, that's the moment where those reps count.


Right? Right. And so we catching balls at different angles, shoe tops over the shoulder, different things like that. But when people call into question how hard you're actually working, does that bother you? Or you just brush it off? Because these are not normal guys now. No. If I were to say that, yeah, you ain't even play. No. You talking About NBA legends played The Game. Yes, yes, yes. I know the work I put in, so I don't even have to explain it. I know, I know who was there when the gym was dark. Right. And I know who turned the lights on. Okay. I ain't worried about that. Right. I know one thing when that was said. I know an was not happy about that really because he was like, I know I've seen you in there.


Even when I'm, when I show up, you've been there sweating and when I leave, you still going for another one. So like I said, I don't gotta explain, I know what I do in the gym. I know the work I put in, shout out to the coaches, PD coaches, Corless, Kevin Hanson, Moses, you know, shout out to all the guys over there in Minnesota who willing to, you know, as you know, put their lives to the side. You know, wi kids willing to dedicate that amount of time to me to allow me to shoot the basketball, to meet, allow me to work on my game and allow me to be the best version of myself. So shout out to them last year especially, you know, we gave up a lot of their time. You know, they could have been given to their kids and their family and they were in the gym working Dedicated to you getting better.


Kyrie had praised for you after the, he said after that criticism, you came back, dropped 25, 9, 13, shooting four five from the three. Kyrie said de despite the unfair criticism he received, he's a great, great player. I respect him. I know my teammates respect him. That's what great players do. They figure it out. That's, that's my jersey dog. That's My guy. The homie. That's my guy. You know what man? I've known Kyrie since we was young and I seen the work he put into his game. So I know everyone goes so crazy when he's doing these layups. Right. And he's dribbling. But I seen him since he was young doing that. Right. I seen the hours he was putting in, I seen the work he was putting in, I seen the drills he was putting in. I definitely stole a lot of the drills for myself, right. So I can improve myself as a player. You know, when you're watching greatness, you study greatness and you try to implement it into your game.


And I got nothing but praise for Kyrie. I've, you know, I've been, like I said, I've been blessed to watch him since I was young. Before the NBA before Duke, before any of that. To just to see where he's at now. I mean, in my eyes he's a legend, right? The game. Are you surprised with the ease or seemingly ease that looked like it was easy? The Celtics handle the Mavericks? Or did you think it would be like a long series? I thought it would be at least a, I thought it would be a, I ain't gonna like that. I thought it'd be at least a six seven game series. Celtics was really good last year. Okay. They been good for years, but they was locked. They'd been knocking on the door by The, yeah, you know what I'm trying to say. They was locked in last year. They like, I know one of the reporters was telling me about you gotta lose to finally win and that history plays itself out and, and Boston had to go through that.


They've been just so good. They've been locked, they've just been knocking on the door. They finally the door, you know, the door finally opened. You know what I'm trying to say? So I know when we played them that they showed so much poise and championship pedigree in them. You know, when we went to overtime with them and the way they played, they just so disciplined in their approach. Great coach. Shout out to Missoula. Took care of my boy and my brother Deshaun Butler over there in West Virginia. Yeah. I just, I, you know, you could see not only the talent, I think we all see that as basketball fans you would see it, but the poise, the discipline, that's what's needed to win a championship. And they had it, they had it early in the regular season I think they shown in their record. So I didn't know what the series was gonna have, you know, in order.


I didn't know what was gonna happen. But I just knew that Dallas had a tough, tough, tough test against the Celtics. You know, they're, they were rolling, they've been resting, they've been waiting for this moment. So shout out to them.


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at Draftking Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and at DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


Kat, when you hear like sometimes playoff like you hear playoff Rondo, that's a compliment. Yeah, but Magic Johnson had a situation. Magic Johnson was a two times finals. MVP Hook shot down the middle for win. And in 84 he dribbles out the clock. They go to overtime, they end up losing and they called him Tragic Johnson. He was no longer magic. And then when you hear the term as great as you are in the regular season, you haven't been able to put those same type of numbers for Mm. In the postseason and they like play off Kat and they mean it in a derogatory way. How does Kat turn that around? How does, how does Kat, if there's such a thing as a narrative because we see what you are in the regular season, how do Kat make sure he's that same in the postseason?


Just go out there and do what you do. I mean, you know, everything was good. I felt I was shooting the ball extremely well throughout the whole playoffs and it was a tough time to have a slump. Right. You know, especially in the Western NCE finals. But I think just work, just trust the work. Trust the work, you know, it always is gonna pay off. You know that. Never get discouraged by the work you're putting in. You know, if you're putting hours in, you could look yourself in the mirror and know that you put exactly the amount of hours plus some needed Right. To be great. You, you know, you live with the work you put in This team. You mentioned Ant, Rudy, Rudy Conley, Jada mcd Was Mike Conley. Kyle Anderson was so amazing for us. You know, sadly we had to, we lost him.


If this team, what's the, what's the, what's gonna be, obviously success is winning a championship, but if this core, if you guys don't get to the NBA finals, if you guys don't win. Yeah. Will this be disappointing? I mean, it would be disappointing for the fact that we made it the Western conference finals And, we haven't took that next step, which is to make the NBA finals. You know, it's gonna be disappointing. You know, Minnesota deserves a championship. They've been, they've been asking for a championship since its inception as a team. So, you know, I I've always said I wanted to bring them a championship. I wanted to be part of the championship team that finally brings that ring in that parade down to first half.


You know, we gotta just gotta keep working, keep working. I think that you say it's a disappointment. It's something that I think everyone's gonna feel the same way if they didn't win a championship. Right. It's everyone, it's a disappointment if you don't come out with a ring out of it. When you look at, and, and a lot of people didn't think the, the, the Rudy Gobert edition because you're like, this is not the nineties basketball. You don't really need to Selma footage. You need a guy. Well yeah, we got three of them almost. Yeah, You exactly right. Because the way CAD can play with his back to the basket, he can shoot the three. And then when you look at Rudy, there are certain situations that you have to take him outta the game. It's just what it is. He's a four time defensive player of the year. He makes a boatload of money. But the facts of the matter is that a lot of times late in the ball game, he's not on the court yet.


I I'm not breaking, this is not interrupting your normally scheduled programming, breaking news to you cat. You know that 'cause you're there. How were you able to put it together this year? Because the first year it didn't work at and this year you made it all the way to the Western conference fight. I think it's, he gets unfair criticism. 'cause he brings a lot to our team that we need. Right. Like the defense. I mean, this is a generational defensive player and around the basket, I don't, I think we all could agree in the NBAG of the colleagues, if he's around the basketball with the ball, you know, he going dunk it, you Know, it's gonna be tough. It's gonna be tough to stop that field goal percentage from going down. So our, his first year in Minnesota, I I it's, it's unfortunate. It's unfair because I think that we weren't at full strength and I also got hurt.


I'm never gotten hurt like that. So to be in that situation was, and put him in that situation, you know, it was unfair. And I think that this year, you know, with me healthy coming in and playing a lot of the season healthy. You could see what, what happens when you put the team around him. And, we have, you know, the LOB opportunities me and him have the four or five pick and roll was amazing all year. Putting him in spots where he could be, you know, he's super successful on offense and defensively. I mean, you see what he does right. From our team. So number one, number one team in NBA in defense, and it's not without Rudy Gobert, especially Jayden McDaniel two, I wanna give him a shout out. But without Rudy, I don't, I don't, we're not gonna be near nowhere near the same defensive team as we were You willing to take a a hundred plus million dollar pay cut like Jalen Brunson did to keep this thing together?


We can keep it all together. And. we can keep it Together. Right. Show me then we all gotta get in the room and say we're going to do it. Right. So I mean, Jalen Brunson shout out to him. Yeah, shout out to him. That's A lot. That's A lot. I mean, 10 million. Okay, that's a lot of 10 million even like, okay, hey, But you know what, you know what? You can't put a value on the fact that he's at where he wants to be. Yeah. And I think that's a big value number that no one's thinking of. He, he's with his father. He is super comfortable. He has a team that believes in him. I think that that belief that a team and organization could give you is something it's worth a lot, a lot, a lot of money. And they give him that, that that belief.


And I think that he felt that was the best situation for him. Right. And I ru him on for that. How is that man as a teammate? We see the charisma. We see the charm. Yeah. He's funny. Yes. He's outgoing. Yes. All the Very Atlanta. Oh bro, we saw, we saw him at the Olympics. Yeah. He talking to Steph said, but Steph ain't short, but for the last three days. But I'm glad he showed up when he, I'm glad he showed up what he did. That's that's an yeah. What, what's he like owning off the court? I mean, on the court, you see what he is, he is a competitor. Fierce competitor. He loves competing. He loves he, he, he, he's one of those guys when, you know, when you play at the park and you tell him, yo, come to the park, we're gonna play basketball. He always show up.


Right. He always going show up. For sure. You know, you got a teammate with him. Right. So, and off the court, man, like you said, charismatic, funny, maybe the funniest player on our team. Wow. And, we got some funny guys on our team. So he, he he's one of those guys, you, you really ha are super appreciative and blessed to be able to be in a locker room with them. They just bring the morale up, you know? And I think that's rare for someone as young as he is, as talented as he is. And, and what we ask from him every single night to be able to bring that kind of energy to the locker room. Like Mike Conley said one time, he makes him feel young again. Right. When, when you, you hear Ant and they talk about, well he could be the next face of the NBAI Think he Can, he reminds a lot of people of Jordan.


What is it about him? What is it about that makes you, and you said it as soon as I was said to you, like he can, what makes you so sure. Well, before we get to that, I think what we need to also understand is, I know he, he sh reminds people a lot about Jordan, but we're not, not just Ant he could be the first Anthony Edwards. Yeah. You know, I don't think he ain't bad. Which ain't bad at all. Which ain't bad at All. Yeah. Well, he say, yeah. So I think he just, he he, he has the charisma ages on his side. He has the athleticism, you know, and, and he, He got better at shooting the ball. He Got better than sure head. You know, I, I just, I think he could do it.


I think he could do it. And this is a very guard friendly league and he's a guard that has all the, not only the skill, but the intangibles needed to really be the face of the NBA for years to come. And I, I think that, you know, he got, got good vets around him and Mike Conley's been amazing for him. So I I think he could do it. I think he could really do something special. And I think what also could help is winning. And we've Yeah. Shown he starting to do that. Starting to do that. So if we could win at the highest level, what, what can't you, you can't already can't tell ant nothing. Right. So imagine You put a ring too with a championship. Oh man. Oh man. We can't tell him nothing.


Kat, of all the teammates that I've seen you have in the NBA. Yeah. And I, and I'm, I'm on the outside looking in. I don't know this to be true, but it just seems to me you have the best relationship with him. Yeah. And you take criticism, you'll take coaching, you'll take praise from him better than any other teammate. If I'm right, I'm right. If I'm wrong, I apologize. What is it about him and your relationship that you're so accepting of? The advice, the input that he gives you? You know, I, I just wanna help him grow in every single facet of his game. Not only his game, but his life. You know, I wanna help him be a better man.


I wanna help him be a better, to his brothers a better brother. I want him, I want to be able to help him the ways I feel that sometimes I couldn't get that help. 'cause you know, I was in a situation, I know how it feels to be him in that situation. Number one pick whole state asking you to help save him and to help him bring a championship home. And I just wanted to be a support system for him any way possible I could. So I, I wanted to help him grow. And I think in, in, in helping someone achieve their full potential and something that I, I, I feel that I'm gonna continue to work not only as a leader, but just helping him as a brother. Right. You gotta let them be free. You gotta, you know, you can't give him too much constraint, you know?


Right. Maybe sometimes I gotta tell Anne, maybe you should have said that, maybe you should scale back on doing this. Maybe you take this, you take this one on. I got it Right. I, I'll take this conversation on and I'll have this convo with whoever it is. I just want him to be himself, you know, and I I, I've stressed that to him since day one. So all I try to do every single day is, is make sure an's as comfortable as possible and he could be himself as much as possible. You wanna see an do the dunk contest? I do. He don't want to though. Really? I do. So we get, we get And, we get Ja we get Zion, we get Zach Levine to come back.


I don't know if we're gonna get ag. 'cause ag said y'all done rob me twice. Right. Hey, ag said Ja ag said hell no. You ain't gonna go To the bank with me twice to go rob the bank. You gonna leave me there? So we get, we get those four guys. Yeah. Because let's be honest, dunk contest because the names aren't there. You used to get the Dr. Jade and the Michael Jordan and the Clyde Drex lips. Yeah. You got the big, the players that were like the best players that could dunk the Dominique Wilkins. Yeah. They did it. Yeah. Now we're getting guys, and that's no slight, that's no slight to anybody. That's Wonder Dunk contest. Congratulations. But it's kinda hard to continuously sell when the guy that's winning, he's not even in the NBA. Mm. Okay.


I Or the guys, that's part what Happens if I do is the best dunker. But he Ain't NBA, but he ain't, but he the best dunker. I mean that's like said the best receiver 80 in the NFL. You talking about two different sports. You talking about two different sports. But I, but I, I, I think it would, if it, it would I know what you're Trying to say. Yeah. It would, you're trying to say those back in the day, you used to have the stars out There. Yeah. They did it doing the dunking. They Did it because that's what we get in the three point competition. But look at this. Yo, like We getting in the three point competition. We get Steph, we get Dame Clay participated. Yeah. I mean, a lot of the three Buddy Hill, a lot of the, the, the great three point shooters, they're Shooting. They, they participated. Yeah. But the great dunkers, for whatever reason, even Kobe, Kobe did it.


I just feel like, I just feel like, you know, we, in a new era with social media, we got more eyes, we got more chances to see more talent. You know, I understand the stars is, you know, Anthony Edwards, Zion, Ja Morant, I mean they're, they, they're enticing names who have the ability to use athleticism at the highest level in game. I just feel, but you never know. Like these dudes, like Mack McClung is Yeah. Amazing dunker. And he's a great dunk contest. Dunker. Yes. He, and there's a reason why he wins. Okay. Lemme ask you this. Has the dunk lost it, his appeal because of the three Point shot? I think public scrutiny has kind of messed with the perception of the dunk contest. I think we're seeing dunks At time.


Jacob top, Jacob Toppin was doing some crazy dunks himself and shout Out to him. He did advance because that, what was he gonna do? He like bounced it off the floor between his leg. Like a 360 something. Hey, I was there. I watched it with my own two eyes. I've seen some dunks. I ain't never thought was possible. Wow. And Mac McClung did some amazing dunks. Yes. Jacob Toppin did some amazing dunks. So it's like we see in dunks. Like, so if, if you had the same dunk and you changed the name on the back of the jersey, does that still change the fact we all have seen a dunk that's never been done. Okay. I get what You're saying. You get what I'm trying to say. Yeah. Like I understand the back of the jersey all I get that. But there's guys out here who are using that dunk contest as an opportunity to prove what they are to the NBA and to the game of basketball.


And, you know, for them to have that opportunity. I think it's special. Especially people like Mac McClean. Yes. Just, And he deserved to win. Yeah, no, absolutely. So it ain't no Don, hey, don't get me wrong. Deserve. I get you deserve to Win. I get exactly what you're saying. I think. But we get, I think sometimes as fans, we get so caught up in the names in the dunk contest. Yes. We're not caught up in the art. Right. The dunk contest. Right. You Know, but at some point in time, the creativity, I mean you see some of these guys, what the, these and one, I mean some of these dunkers on YouTube. Yeah. Yeah. And then people are like, well well get some of those guys. Yeah. But I'm like, at some point in time, I mean create, you gotta run outta creativity at what you ready to drop over like 10 people. I mean, we still Making new 18 wheeler.


I mean what, Hey, all I gotta say is we still making new music? Yeah. And new sounds. Right. And music been around longer than basketball. Okay. So there's always a possibility to have some new tricks. So you don't have a problem with the props. Because a lot of times I, I don't, I don't know when really when the props came in. Yeah. Yeah. It seems like now at, at some point, I mean Dominique was a power dunker Jordan elevated through the era you had Vince Carter. So let me ask you this. The dunks you've seen now? Yeah. In present day. NBA let's just get Oh, They're way better than what I saw in the past. Okay. Hey. No, no. Yeah. I mean, Zach Levine going through the free throw line between his legs. I, I Still don't think people understand. That was the first time he's ever tried to dunk Within the contest, man.


Wow. That's the first time he is ever tried to dunk. 'cause I asked him, I said, Zach, I've never seen you even attempt it. He's like, honestly, I ran outta dunk. So I just went up there and did the first thing I could think of. It was the first time he's tried it. Wow. He's never like for me to even say he's practiced it. He could have said, I practiced it, I missed it. I just said, I'm gonna go for it. He's never tried it. That was the first Time the man tried a dunk for the first time in competition. And basically it sealed a win because he jumped for the In a what? Double overtime? Yes. Double, triple overtime In the dunk contest. Basically. You've had some very, you had some characters as teammates. You had Patrick Beverly. Oh yes. You've had Jeff Teague, pat tb, you had kg.


Yes. Who's The funniest teammate you had? I'm not gonna lie, ants up there. Yeah. I forgot Aunt Andre Miller's up there. Really? Yes. My rookie year. Andre Miller Kg. Of course. Jeff Teague. Shout out to Jeff Teague. Man, I'm so happy to see him doing what he's doing. 12 5 20, check it Out. Oh man. Shout out to Jeff Teague, man, I've been told when we was teammates, he need to be telling stories. He's the best storyteller. And I see now people are getting to recognize that. Right. I love that. I love that. He's always been great at that man. Dlo, DLO up there.


He is really funny. Wow. Okay Man. I, I, I've been blessed to be with, I've been blessed in a way to be with so many teammates and to meet so many people at different stages of life. And to be able to be able to communicate with them, share energy with them and be able to call 'em a teammate is a blessing. And it's an honor that I don't take lightly. Do you believe that every teammate, a lot of the teammates that you've mentioned, do you believe you've met them at the appropriate stage of your career? Do you look back, says man, now if I had met him a little earlier, that'd have been perfect. If I'd met him a little later, that would've been even Better.


Perfect. It was perfect for me. I can't go back. Looking at this timing and that timing, it was the perfect timing for me in my life. And I, and I'm happy that I had that moment, whether it be, you know, a short amount of time or years of calling them my teammate. It was perfect timing. I I God puts people in your life at the perfect timing. I I don't, I don't doubt that. So I was, it was the right timing for me. Whether they helped me grow as a man, helped me grow as a player. It was perfect timing. One of your former teammates, and this was, was going around, he said, there are players right now currently playing in the NBA if I gave him a helmet and shoulder pass, they can go make a team.


And I talked about it on the Rich Eisen show. I I, I just said, you know, I don't know, but I can tell you right now, if you put me in the slot Yeah. Receiver, and you set me down in the middle with that me medicine ball, I ain't doing it. That little medical ball going down the middle, hell nah. Because That's what's gonna happen. Nah, I Ain't They gonna saw you in half, Kat, you selling Foot tall, bro. Them show the Paso mean nothing. I, I, I would say I think there's few players who could do what you did. Huh? But no one's gonna be Shannon Sharp. No, I'm saying right now you take a guy that's playing in the NBA, we gonna give him a pair of helmet, shoulder pass, he gonna go to training camp.


I Think very few of them could do it. You actually think somebody could make an NF LT right Now. Let Me ask you this. You think LeBron could do it? Not No. No. Not now. Not now though. No. Don't take out now. No, I don't think, I don't think any guy in his, I'm talking about right now No. In his prime. That's what I'm saying. In the prime. No. If he had done it, if, let's just say for the sake of argument, LeBron's playing basketball and he says you know what? I'm gonna take a year off. Like Michael Jordan says, I'm gonna take a year off and I'm gonna try to go play in. He can do it. The major leagues. I just think the nuances, the understanding, because I think like a, what's the, I forget the, the NC State, the off the, the, the big fella. Big fella. Big Shaq. Mini Shaq. Yes. Okay. I think with a year, I think he can play offensive line or defensive line.


Yeah. Okay. But you gotta teach 'em. So you're saying if you give him a year though. Yeah. But I feel like even for people who may not understand, like I have friends who are offensive lineman, NFL, that's a tough job. Yeah. And it comes with a ton of chess match. Yeah. Because the difference is, and I'm not saying because I think NBA players, NBA players are tough, but what we do is that we go out there every, every Sunday or every Monday and Kat, we try to move a man against his will. Just imagine when you say, I ain't going nowhere, and I say, the hell you not, you leaving this plot of land today. That's what we do every week. We try to run through a mofo face Some warriors. Yes, Yes, yes. I love that. Because football in a sense, essence is about breaking a man's spirit.


It's hard to break a man if I'm shooting three, you're like, damn coach, I can't do nothing. Yeah. But like Shaq, Shaq is like, everybody's trying to be Shaq. Oh Yeah. That's what the NFL is about. Everybody's trying to be Shaq, especially on the interior offensive line says, I'm going this way. Defensive line says I'm going that way. Yeah. I'm trying to push a lineback or a defensive lineman. And I think guys' a super talented, I think if you took Ant, I think and gave an a year, Two people I give is like, bro and Ant that come to my mind first. But I think Ant's played football though. Yes. That's what he grew up playing. Yes. But just like, bro. Yes. So it's kind of like it could I see him doing it. Yes.


How, when did, how, when did Ann start? Did Ann play in high school? I think so. I think so. But he was, he was a good football player. Yeah, For sure. He Plays, he plays. We we'll be, be throwing the football around at Mayo Clinic at Target. He, I mean, he's still got the talent. Oh yeah. But he's an, I mean he's, he's an athlete. Yeah. I think Russ, if you took like Russell Westbrook, I think so too. I Think Russ with his speed and his understanding If you, but the amount of power he generates. Yes. I think that's Yes. That could help him a lot too. I Think football is a more physical sport. I think basketball is a more skill. I think it's, yeah. I think that's a good, that's a good one. I think I seen PG himself. He was playing wide receiver and he did a really great, like break out the cut and he, he looked great. But I, I just, I just think I, I can't, I can't fathom to all the NFL dudes who are gonna watch this.


I can't fathom what y'all go through on a Sunday and Monday and then look back and say, oh, let's do this again on Thursday. Yeah. You know, like, I can't imagine That. I tell you what, go to home Depot or Lowe's get you a hard hat and get, get you a nice, nice coat. Okay. And get a line up about 10 yards from your garage and run into it 65 times. Yeah. Nah, see I can, That's what it's like. Hey, I'm on, I'm at the point where I'm thinking like I go in a game and I jump as high as I possibly can to go dunk, lay it up. Yeah. And then, you know, I'll fall on the floor. Yeah. And I'll fall hard. All my teammates be like, man, why you be falling so hard on the floor? We'd be worried about your safety. And I'm thinking the fact that I do that, I get right up, I start running down the court and I said, Hey, I was telling my girl, I said, man, if I trip and fall in this house right now, I don't know if I'm getting up, But you telling Me in the game to go do it for the love.


Yeah. 65 times. Nah. And see, like when you jump up there, guys are gonna do everything they can not to undercut you. Yeah. They gonna try to break your fall. That's what we trying to do. We trying to break your fall. They Don't about all that. I seen that. I've seen it other way. I ain't seen that. They ain't trying to, hell Nah. Let me fall on the floor. What, what was it like playing forts? Because you hear how tills like, man, TIV grind you to the, I mean, he just wears on you. Yeah. He playing this guy's 40 plus minutes on a nightly basis. Yeah. And then when it comes playoff times, he done ground them down to the nubs. Yeah. And then they just don't have anything. What was it like playing for him? You know what I respected so, so much about Tibs is that he wanted to win. Yeah. And he put the hours in and he put the work in.


So playing for Tibs was just watching someone who truly loves what they do and puts all their passion and their, their life missions being the best coach they could be. Right. And I, you gotta respect that. And I think Tibs was a, he's a, he's a low key, funny guy off the court, you know, when you take the basketball way. Right. He's really funny. And, you know, I, I appreciate him even more now that I'm older and you know, that we've been able to talk even at a different level of maturity, you feel me? Right. And man, I got nothing but good things to say about him. He's been great. He's been, he's been great to talk to, especially now in my life. And he's, he's one hell of a coach.


Right. He's one hell of a coach. Probably the thing that's been talked about most in Minnesota is yours and Jimmy Butler's relationship. How could that have been handled differently? What could he have done differently? What could you have done differently to make that relationship better where there doesn't seem like it's so much animosity, there's so much dissension, so much angst between the two of you. I think for me, like I said earlier, just everyone, we met each other, all my teammates, we met each other at the perfect time. And I think that we both helped each other grow. And I think that's what was really appreciative of me. And also we made the playoffs together gloss in all the, in all the hoop lives that, you know, after years and years of not making the playoffs, we finally made the playoffs.


And together we, we were able to do something that Minnesota hasn't seen in a while. And then on top of that, I'm, I'm tremendously thankful that I had the opportunity to have my first playoff experience. You know, you hear so much about it, but to actually go through that experience helped me be a better player and be a better teammate to an, so, like I said, I think we all met each other at the perfect time and when we all needed to. God's timing is never gonna be wrong. Had, has that situation helped you become a better leader and a better teammate? I think just that season, you know, just, you know, having different people, different personalities, and also just different experiences. And I never had less, like I said, I never made the playoffs until that year.


Right. So I kind of had that experience under my belt, understand what it is to what it takes to be a, you know, a playoff team. You know, I, I think that it, it helped me tremendously the rest of my career and made me a better man first off. And secondly made me a better leader and made me a better player. So, like I said, God's time is never wrong. So I met everyone at the right time, perfect timing for what I needed in my life, and it helped me be a better person and be ready for the next challenges that were coming up. Why y'all let Draymond trade Rudy Dr. Draymond trade Choke. Choke. Yeah. Why y'all let Draymond choke Rudy? Nah, I I was, that situation happened so funny.


How Did Yeah, exactly. Tell Okay. What led up to it? What led up to it? I don't know. Just all of a sudden, one time I'm, I'm looking and I'm like looking and I'm seeing Draymond do something to Rudy. I'm trying to pull Draymond off and I'm like, well, we gonna have a triple Nelson going on around here. So I, I just, you know, I think they have a, a funny relationship to say the least. And I think that that was a moment where I was, I was surprised that happened. I I, I'm, I'm not gonna lie, I just, I I was very surprised that, well, You was supposed to, you was supposed to, like, he grabbed Rudy, you was supposed to grab him and then if, if somebody grabbed you and four, five, the car just chunking Each other. We just have, I don't, just everyone in the full note said, yeah, yeah, Yeah.


Finch coming out Fi had a good leg too. Huh? Defenseman Finch had a good Leg too. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, I, that was a, that was a What is the animosity between Dray Martin, Rudy comes from, I don't, I don't even know. Did Draymond feel that Rudy got some defensive player of the years that belonged to him? I don't know, to be honest. I just, you know, you always hear the hoopla, And, we just always, we just tuning everything out. Right. Like I said, I was surprised when it happened too. We, I feel like everyone, everyone in there was like, wait, is this really happening right now? And, we all trying to separate Draymond from Rudy and Right. The whole situation went around. It was, Does Rudy ever say anything? Does, I mean, 'cause Rudy hears all the criticism.


It's not like a whole lot more, Hey, Don't know Rudy Gobert. He laughs about does it, he he'll joke around about it. Okay. So it's not like he just, he's really like salty and he won't like, like, you know, he gets aggravated, he'll laugh. He laughs he'll joke himself about it. I think it's a, it just shows a character and also how much he really, he just enjoys what he does and he cares about his craft and he cares about his team. So shows a teammate. He is too. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our pastor Dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursday's nine, eight Central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.