
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks, or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart. In this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seeds. I appreciate the support people. Eat that pretzel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save on tagline, cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours. Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan, chase Bank, and a member FDIC.


What's good? Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com


DC went through something, he lost the mother of his kids. How were you able to be there for a friend to let him know, bro, I, I, I can't even imagine the pain that you're going through, but I just want you to know that I'm here for you if you ever need me, man, that was that. I cried more than he did. I don't know what to say, but I'm here. I ain't, I don't have no words. If you need anything, if you need me to go pick these kids up every day, or if you need me to, whatever you need, I'm extending myself to you, bro. That, that would really, that caught everybody off guard. All my life now, grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The all my life I've been grinding all my life.


Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. The price won. Slice got the roll dice, the all my life. I been grinding all my life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprietor club. Shehe, the guy that's stopping by for conversation on the drink. Today is one of the funnest comedians of his generation. He performs the sold out crowds, Nationwide's and internationally, the Mastro of Improvisation. He's one of the host and creators of the hit podcast, improv show 85 South with debuted number one on Netflix. A popular and talented standup comedian, an actor, a rapper, podcaster, writer, entertainer, host, extraordinaire.


A versatile performer, a fan favorite, a force to be working with in the entertainment industry. He's fearless. The hilarious Kay Carlos Miller. Hey, hey, hey, hey. What's up? What's up? What'd he do, man? Chilling man. Yo lady. That man told me. Oh, we gonna start at la. We gonna start at 10 o'clock. What time is it man? It's about 10 something. It's about 10 something. 10 something to 12. It's about 10 something. Man. Hey you telling these people this year? Oh, ba bad. Ba bad, ba bad. He was on time. He was on time. I was in wardrobe bro. Get my together. This man told me he wardrobe he gotta sweat on and some black bro. I brought some of my cognac here man.


For you because bro, what you've been able to do coming from Oxford? Mississippi. We gonna talk. We gonna talk. We gonna talk about Oxford Mississippi, Oxford Mississippi, man. Yeah. Damn. Oh yeah. You know Oxford, we getting, we growing, we blowing up. Y'all ain't blowing man. DK from Oxford. Okay. You a dk. DK Meka from Oxford. You gonna leave me Drake about No, absolutely not, man. Hey, you got your own, got your your own yak. We gonna see, we gonna send you with a bottle too. I need some man. Because hey you motherfucker be coming on here. Cutting up. Fucking been cutting up on here. They blaming this old 2024 on your show. That's what they said. Man, I ain't do nothing though. Dang. I just asked a question. Hey, you gonna cut up? They said you had something, something to do with it.


Very little. That's smooth. I thought we was gonna sip. No, we just gonna knock that on out, man. But I'm gonna sell up, but I ain't gonna know because I won't be able to finish this interview. Is this live? We don't live. Yeah man. He gonna go ahead and knock this out man. You been on live going cray on you. You showing out man. Yeah, I, I got before we even get into it, I'm going to tell you Wild. Yeah, you wilding. Yeah. I ain't anticipate being this kind of part of 24 man. Yeah, you showed you, you showed out on 2024. You all on live with it. I man, you trending.


I know you don't be on so you ain't see none of this, hun. I saw, I unfortunately no, I hadn't seen that part. I heard about that part. Man, I don't need to see it. I'm telling you, they going crazy over there. Huh? I was out there bad. You trending and everything. I ain't trending. I ain't gonna trend. You ain't see the trending Tiger talking through it? Yeah, they showing out Miss be nasty and hitting me. Talking about what? What's up with UNC and everything. Oh, she hit you. She hit, I know her. You know her? Yeah. What she say? Since you said her name, she been trying to reach back. You ain't caught none of her traction though. I ain't caught none of it. Take her shopping or something. Grocery shopping? Nah. Oh. Messing some of that NL money on her man. I ain't got no NL but I'm 20 years past that.


Carlos, you ain't spend all that NFL money? No, I ain't spent at all. I bit you ain't you from small town. George Stern ain't let you spend all that money, man. Then let's talk about your upbringing. Grew up in Oxford. Mississippi. Absolutely. Obviously University of Mississippi is located there. So that's a college town. Yeah. So what was Carlos growing up in? Oxford. Mississippi like, man, it was, it was always a constant hustle, man. You know, old misses right there. So it's so many things that I got into like selling drinks at the game or you know, breaking down tents, parking, construction, my stepdad from the country. Country. Right. So we always had something to do, you know what I'm saying? So you always had a hustle going on even as, even as a child.


Absolutely. So when I got into the comedy game and I started getting my foot in the, in the entertainment industry, you know, I parlayed that into the 85 South show into my own studio into things like that. So that's where the grind comes from. That's where the entrepreneurship comes from. So when you were growing up, what did you wanna be growing up? I mean, you doing had all these odd and end jobs. Like you said you're selling drinks at the, at the football stadium, you breaking down tents, you're doing all these things. What did you want to be when you grew up? I think I always wanted to be a comedian, but since like, it's such a small town in Mississippi, I've never seen anybody in the entertainment world. So I didn't know that that was, that was the impossible. Yeah. Something you could make a living doing. Right. So you wanted, did you play sports growing up?


Played some sports. You were you, because DK is from, DK is from MyFord, also DK from, did you know DK growing up? Absolutely. Okay. Bro. DK used to live right across the street from my auntie. I used to see him every day when he was a little boy. He used to just be standing in the, like in the screen bro. Okay. Back and forth throwing the football with, you know, his pops played football. Yes, yes. And, and was a dog. You laughing lineman if I'm not Absolutely like one of the first, first round draft picks outta Ole Miss. So Terrence Metcal, he was a dog bro. So yeah, I played a little sport, did a little running right. Little cross country. I've been this size forever. So you, once you get hit by somebody who, you know, going to the league, you ain't, you pretty much give up on all that. So you like gave it like, you know what, I ain't gonna get much bigger than this ain't no sense to me.


Yeah, I, I was way better at talking way better at comedy than each whatever. But you have eight brothers and sisters. So what was it, what was it like growing up in a family of that size? It was dope. 'cause it is, you know, it's the country man. Everybody is at grandma house. Yeah. Everybody getting the same ass whooping. It was just dope being, you know, from a big family like that. Having bro, like all my brothers are huge, man. Where do you fall at in the pecking order? You the oldest, you in the middle, you at the end. I'm the oldest. You the oldest the eight. Yeah man. Well, you had it because you basically, you like the second father because you gotta make sure all the, the, the younger ones stay in line because if they get outta line, they gonna blame you because you, the oldest one you know better.


But you gotta keep in mind, all my brothers are over six feet tall. Oh. So I, my little sister bigger than me. I'm the oldest. So you can't tell nobody what to do. I'm the oldest, but I'm the smallest. Exactly. My mama had better insurance by the time she had them Now high school. So what, so what were you always a, were you always a class clown, clown? Were you always a comedian? Were you always trying to be funny or this something that you kind of developed as you, you, you aged in the beginning. It is not like you're trying to be funny. Like, I was dead ass serious. You know, you caught on to read and then everybody laughing, but I'm reading. But it's funny.


So like, I never really got in trouble for being funny in school. Right. So that was, that was the, the real launchpad. Like all my teachers used to let me just wild and talk because they knew I was gonna do my work. So. So how old were you when you left Oxford? What made you decide to say you man, I like Oxford. My family's here, but I need to get outta here if I'm gonna do what I wanna do. What made me leave? My dad used to live in Atlanta. Okay. So he used to always come to Atlanta. So it was always like my second home. And then I got this job. I was a firefighter. For real, for real. Hold on. You a firefighter, you went to school, you went and trained and everything. Absolutely. It was a dope ass job until we had a real fire and then I quit.


Definitely not, you didn't quit on the job. You wait till you got put the fire out and got everybody out. Then you quit. I kinda quit on the job. How the hell that work? The chief came to me and was like, lo we gotta go in. And I didn't wanna go in the fire, so I was like, I'm not going in there. You do realize that's a part of being a firefighter. You gotta run into that. We was gonna fight fire from the outside. Like we was just gonna fight it. So y'all, you gonna use the water hose? You gonna spray it from outside? I never thought about going in the fire. Oh. And then once I found out we had to go in when we got back to the station, like he was like, I, I probably, I feel like we're gonna have to let you go. And I was like, I feel the same way because I definitely stand my shit like this.


Hell nah. Ain't no hero. I I feel like I quit. But you could let me go though. Yeah, you can let me go. You go. I, I completely understand. So that, that didn't work out. Then I drove some trucks for a little bit and then I was just like You had a CDL. Yeah. But damn you done had a whole lot of jobs. I told you I'm a hustler. Hustler. I'm just trying to figure out what made you decide that you wanted to do a fire, be a firefighter though. Nothing. You just had some time on your hand. I had some extra time and I went and I took the, I passed the little physical test and Okay. They kept calling me back and then they gave me the job and I was like, boy y'all triple, I'm definitely not built for this man. Okay.


You also wore a piece of delivery driver. Absolutely. Now that really, that was, that was one of those jobs that was fun. And it really helped me jump the comedy off. 'cause I met a lot of people and they used to always just like, call me to come and turn the party up and talk and you know, rap and all that. So that was, that was really how I built before social media. Right. That was before I, so when you, when you drop off the pizza to the customers, when you joking with 'em, then when you, A lot of them guys like, like it was like deuce McCallister. Okay. He used to order a lot of pieces. Like they, you know, he ended up playing in the NFL for a long time. And then I met Eli Manning used to order a lot of pizza.


Damn. So it was just a lot of, I met a lot of people, I had a lot of partners who played football, so I knew everybody on the at Ole Miss and we used to just go kick it and talk and I was always known as that guy. Now I read the story that you had a partner that, that delivered pizza that got robbed by a little person. Was that you or your partner? No, that was my partner Roy. He got robbed by a little person. Absolutely. How you get the drop on him? Well, I don't, I don't know if, I don't know the, the details of the story, but once he, like he was describing it, right? Like the person, to me it was like, bro, we in a small town, we in Oxford. I know exactly who robbed you, but I couldn't tell him.


It ain't even one, it ain't even one of them in a small town. Well, I mean it's two but it's two. And, and then they got a few sisters, so I know the sisters didn't do it. Yeah, yeah. Man, that's, it is wild times out it out. The old man. You moved to Atlanta, how soon did you hit the comedy stage once you got to Atlanta? I think it was maybe three weeks to a month started hitting this spot called Twisted Taco. Me and my man Clayton English. And we, that was in oh five. I've been doing it ever since. Right? Yeah. Do you remember, so that was, was that the main reason that you left Oxford? Was to come to Atlanta to do comedy? Because that's the biggest, Atlanta's the biggest city in the surround in the southeast.


So you figure like, you know what if I, if I go to Atlanta, that's probably where I'm gonna make, get my big break, man. Once you hit Atlanta and you see that nightlife, you just gotta find any kinda way to get in to stay here. Man, there was so much going on in Atlanta. It was Magic City Mondays and Big Meech was still out and, and, and all, everything was everything. Everything was popping. It was Ferraris and Lamborghinis and all type of navigators. Oh, I gotta find something.


The NBA is finally back and new season mean new ways to get into the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA who's draining threes from beyond the art, who's crashing the boards and grabbing rebounds. Get behind your favorite player and prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as picking your team to win. Go to Draftking Sports book app and place your bet first time. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets. Instantly take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book every point count. Download the Drafting Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and WY at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24 C terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


So When you hit the stage, so you say T twist the taco with the first place that you perform. First place I had that you performed. So what was that experience like? Was it what you thought it would be? Did you get booed? Did you like the adrenaline rust that you got from being on stage telling jokes and people laughing? What was that experience like? I don't want you to think I've been nowhere getting booed. I definitely wasn't getting booed. You ain't never got booed? No, I ain't been doing nothing. None of that. What that, that none of that. I'm dead ass serious when I go on stage. Okay. I'm playing but I'm serious. Right. Yeah. So the first time that I hit it, the, the inter the adrenaline rush hit me and I was like, oh, this is it. Because we went a couple weeks before we actually got on stage. Right. You know, signed up and then we saw a few cast and then it's like, man, I can do this shit.


Right. And then I got on and it's just been a rap ever since. Never got off. How did growing up in Oxford prepare you? Because Oxford is a little different than Atlanta. Especially when, especially when you brought your S here. Exactly. Everybody in Oxford funny, everybody I'm talking about, we got some of the best talkers in the world Right. In Oxford Mississippi. So it was a lot of pressure on that to be like, I gotta talk better than the best shit talker that I know. Right. So that was, that was the real pressure for me. Did did talking, you know, ish growing up, did that prepare you? Because it is different talking, going back and forth with somebody in the barbershop Right. Or standing on the block going back and forth with somebody. Right now you gotta do a set, you gotta do 15 minutes, you gotta do 30 minutes.


How different was it for you to like, okay, I'm good at making people laugh, but I gotta make people laugh for 30 minutes now. Putting it all together. Yeah, the hard part and having a, you know, just having enough to talk about was, was the challenge. Right. Putting it together, timing it out. Like, and then you gotta include the laughs. So I went on stage maybe for the first year or two, just like figuring it out. You know what I'm saying? I have a little set list of jokes or something like that, that I wanted to try out what worked, what didn't. But you don't never scratch nothing. You just gotta find a way to make all the, make it all the funny. Yeah. So some people say, who was I talking to?


I think, I think it was Dion Cole said that he don't write anything. No. Marlon Williams say, I, I don't write no jokes down. I just go up there and I just go. You said that you'd like have a little set, but how much do you write down? Or do you have an idea in your mind like, okay, I'm going with this, this, this, this and this tonight. I, I would probably say I break mine down in the segments. I probably have like, like a fourth of something that I wrote or something that I thought was funny and then some of that you just gotta say it first. Right. Then some of it is something that you may be working on that you know, you just tooling up. So you got 1, 2, 3, then you just leave room for some improv. Right. But some, some comedians, they have the voice like a, like a Dion Cole or Marlon Wayne or Corey Holcomb.


They can tell you sometimes it's better to just say it and do it right than write it. Right. Yeah. I had CAD on obviously, you know that. Absolutely. That that, that you got the comedy world in shambles right now, bro. This man, boy, that interview was explosive. Can I, before we get back to this, people got upset with me because Kat put a spotlight like everybody telling jokes, everybody ain't friends. Everybody that's telling jokes. And so I think he put a light, a spotlight on something that a whole lot of people didn't know and maybe a lot of comedians didn't want people to know. Yeah. So they upset at Kat for opening Pandora's box.


Did you know you are in this, you are in this arena. Did you know it was like that, that so many comedians kinda like beefing? I mean not, not all, but there's this, this kind of animosity, this kind of beef between certain comedians. Yeah, but it's in-house. Okay. It was nothing that he said that I didn't, I've never heard you, you already knew. Okay. But it was mostly like that's, that's comedy club, green room backroom. That's, that's between us. Yeah. So when he put it out in the public and you know, for him to be as big of a star as he is, ain't nobody get a chance to rebuttal. Right. Plus it's hard when you come on a show like this and you talk and then your house ain't clean. Right. You get what I'm saying? Right. So I don't think that that's over.


You don't think it's over? I don't think that that's over. It's a, it is a few comedians that really they really upset about that. Yeah. Oh yeah. Steve Harvey not playing about that. Yeah. Earthquake mad about that. Ricky Smiley had just lost his son. Right, right. Like right around that time. So he took it a whole nother way. I had, and I had Ricky on, I had said on, I had Steve on Rell. Rell. Yeah. Rell came on after after Kat. Yeah. And so they went back and forth for little bit. Yeah. But for me, I don't understand. It's just my platform. Right. Like I have you and I talking, if you say something, I don't know what you're gonna say.


Why people get mad at me for what Carlos say. I don't know. I don't know. But see, Kat, he, he's not around the co the comedy world? No, no, no. Always. No, he to himself. Yeah. He, he always been to himself. So a lot of comedians feel like, well maybe he been sitting on that. Maybe he been riding around all these years and been wanting to say it and just didn't have time to say it. Right. But to his defense, a lot of people have said a lot of stuff about him Correct. That he never said back. So I guess it was just the buildup of him getting his give back. Right. I ain't mad at either side. I get it. Right. But it's still a lot of shit about him that people gonna say Right.


That people may have forgot about. He caught a lot of, he got a lot of heat. Yeah. That he did. Yeah.


The NBA is finally back A new season mean new ways to get into the action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA who's draining threes from beyond the A who's crashing the boards and grabbing rebounds. Get behind your favorite player and the prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app Place your bet first time. New Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customer. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope in Y or text Hope in Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, Casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon, Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. CDK g.co/be Ball


Coming soon to Prime Video You can call me Detective Alex Cross, based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot of speakers out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. S Hoge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against S's hand. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


Oh the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic alpr Goddess slips. You name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim. Seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loafers with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together. We've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school. Drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect for date night or girls night, apple picking or game day. We are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


What was your big break? When would, when did Carlos get that big break and he was like, you know what, I'm here. I don't know if it is a big break. I think it just, you just work and then you save up some bread and just be like, shit, ain't nobody came here. Had me no big check. I had to put a bunch of little checks. Check together. I'm waiting on the big break shit. I'm trying to see what you don't want. What, what you done turned down. You ain't got some, you ain't got going on. I ain't got nothing going on bad. I ain't got nothing going on. Hey man, send me something bad. Ain't no big break. I work every week. I working every weekend. I'm still looking forward. What are some of the best advice comedians have given you? Because you're in this arena now.


You traveled weekend during the week and so obviously you come in contact with a lot of guys that's been doing this a lot longer than you and some are probably a little bit more successful than you. Although you are on your way and you're trying to get to that level of success. What's some of the best advice comedians have shared with you? Be funny. You be funny. Everything. Like if you are a comedian and you're funny, everything else will find you. Like the money will come, the the success will come. The Fame will come. Just be funny. Did you know you could make this kinda money be on a comedian? Because I hear you save this kinda money. Well, I mean, I mean that be, I mean the way they be talking, they be making like like six figures only six.


See that's what I'm saying. They cheating six. They only got six. No, but I'm saying I mean you do it. That ain't six a a night. That ain't enough for a night. 6, 7, 6 8. I thought you you meant like four years. No, I'm talking about, I'm talking about No, no, no. Hell no. Not for no year. About six. Not no for no year. Obviously you doing, lemme ask you a question. How many days a year you say you that you in the club? In the club? What is it? 52 weeks? 52 weeks? I probably do, I might do 40, 40, 45. 45. It depends right, because sometimes the depends on where we at in in the country bro.


Like when shit be crazy, it's the best time for comedians. Right? Like it's election year. Yeah. So it's a people need them last. So are you doing two shows Friday, two shows Saturday? Or are you doing one show Friday? One show Saturday, two show Sunday. I usually do eight shows a weekend. Add it ain't but three days in the weekend. Add it up. What the hell when you good they'll come see you. It don't matter. I can do a show at four o'clock in the afternoon and sell it out. Huh? Four. I do a four o'clock, seven o'clock or nine o'clock if I'm feeling real freaky I throw a, I throw a late show on there. It really just depends on the city how you bro.


To keep that kind of energy. Because I know you don't want to shortchange anybody. You want the people that came at, you want the people that came at four o'clock to feel they got the same show as the people that came at seven nine or if you had the late, the midnight show. So you don't wanna shortchange anybody. Exactly. How do you keep that level of energy up to like, I got to stay here for basically eight, 10 hours. I can't tell you everything now because it's going to be somebody watching this show trying to steal the whole sauce, the whole songs man. Okay. I But the way that you can do that and keep it fresh. Yeah man you gotta make sure you got your routine. You gotta eat right. Right. You gotta get you some rest.


Right. You might have to get on live for a little. Oh damn. Go have to get on live for a little man. You ain't on live like that. Come on now. Come on now. You owned your MTV your mama. Right? What was that experience like? How did, how did that come about? It was, I looked at it like in hindsight I should have looked at it as a little bit more of a opportunity. But I was looking at that like a check for right then. Okay. Because when I was doing it and I was going through the process, man, I was like this ain't really, you know, this ain't really shit that I thought it was. Right. Lemme get that little money and get on about that. Right. But it was dope man. Wilma Val, ain't that how you said Wilma Valderrama?


Yeah. Wilma. Wilma Valara. Yeah. Yeah. On close enough. Yeah. He cool to hell bro. But it was dope. It was just one of those things that I got to do early in my career. Right. And get on TV man. Right. Anytime you get on TV as a comedian, you gotta parlay that into your live shows and sell some tickets. Right. So anytime you get on a big platform, A MTV, your mama or a hell date or something like that, you gotta make sure that you got a great show to follow that up. 'cause people going to come see you. Yeah. And once you, once you get 'em in there, you sell 'em a good show. You got 'em. Do you think about, 'cause you see a lot of comedians and we go way, you can go way back, you can go back to Richard Pryor, you go back to Red Fox, you go back to to Eddie and Martin and all these guys.


Is tv, is that kinda like movies? Is that kind of your thing? Is that kind of where Carlos wants, would like to head? Absolutely. Absolutely. It's like movies and tv. I look at them like totally separate because Okay. Like movies, that's something where you can get a big check. But when you get on TV and they see you on the regular and they get to see you be diverse and you get to bring your characters and the voices and, and and your slapstick comedy. I think the TV is the package that where it is. Like if you get on there on the regular and you stay on there. Right. That, that's where you can really make some bread at. Because you can do that. You can do that TV show and then go go straight. Because you can take those and then go straight straight to the hit the road. Absolutely.


But I, I like TV because it's just, people get to see more layers. You know, comedians, we all comedians can either do like some voices or like impressions Yes. Or, or serious drama. Right. I, I love to see, see comedians get ju like roles where they don't have nothing to do with comedy and then they just kill it. Like Jamie Fox. Jamie Fox. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So yeah, you could parlay that in however you want to. You was also on the Monique show. Yeah. What's it like working because Monique, you know ly she talked to she difficult to work with I had on the show and she was great. She ain't difficult to work with. She just ain't to be played with. That's the difference. Yeah. Monique is, she's going to stand up for what she believe in. She not gonna let you talk to her. Crazy.


You not Finn to be making demands. It is like she boss. Yes. See and it's the difference between being a boss and an employee. You right. When you hire Monique, you get the whole Monique. Right. But you don't get to tell her what to do. Right. And that's a, that's another conflict that comedians have. Right. Sometimes they hire us to talk and then they don't want to hear. They think they can control what we gonna say. What would you gonna say? We gonna say it don't work like that. It don't work like that. Absolutely. Okay. You was on Comic. View. Yeah. How was that experience? It was dope. That was one of those shows that I grew up watching. So I would've did that for free. You get what I'm saying? Just to put my name on the wall like that. I did Def, Comedy Jam too when they brought it back. So all of those shows that I got to like be a part of that was part of like my journey.


Anytime they call 'em, I always do them. Was that all, I mean obviously when you see those, you see Def, Comedy, Jam, you see Comic View. Was that always a goal of yours to get on those shows? It was a dream. 'cause like I said, I didn't know that it was achievable. I thought when you were a comedian that, you know what I mean? It was somewhere that you went to become a comedian. Right. All these people were funny. Like how did they get that good? So I just be at the crib watching that every night. Like, man, that's just, that's dope how you could just turn your personality into your job. Right. But as a child, did you, did you write jokes? Did you write anything that you thought was funny or you just made light of situations that you saw kids, you know, maybe weren't as smart as you?


Or just, you know, some things, you know, they walked a little funny. They were a little slow. They was in a cla a grade. You know, they started out together. Then a couple years later they, they still in that same classroom and you know, moved on a couple of grades. Did you, did you, did you make fun of kids? Nah, I made fun of everybody but I was used to cuss a lot. You used to cuss a lot as a kid. I was the cussing ass kid. Like from, from the time I learned how to talk, I used to cuss your mom, your parents, that you get away with that. It's not necessarily getting away with it, but you gotta, sometimes you gotta weigh the risk and the reward. Sometimes. That ass whooping was worth it. Hell no. Yes it was. It was, it was. Man, I used to get in trouble for cousin all the time.


Right. I had one coach when I was in like middle school, junior high, sixth grade to eighth grade. It don't matter what day it was or where I was, he caught me cussing every day. Coach Terry. Coach Terry. It is like, as soon as I get through cussing and I turn around, he was right there. Right man. So that was, that was, that was pretty much my thing growing up as a kid, bro. I used to always be the one be like, man this up. And then they'd be like, Carlos said it. So you on Last Comic Standing. Oh yeah. Do you, what, what did, because I, if I'm not mistaken, Keenan Iry Williams was, was a judge. Amy Schumer was a judge. Yeah. What did you learn from that experience?


Not to listen to Amy Schumer. Why she, why she on there giving advice? She didn't win. Is that what you did? Amy, I'm not listening to you because you, you've been on these shows. I mean, you've been on a lot of high profile shows. I mean, so your name has been out Carlos. It's not like you've been, you know, you on the Chitlin circuit and don't nobody know who you are. You've, you put your name at the forefront. So you kinda had a name even before you became this. Sometimes see some of these shows, right? Like you need the chilling circuit. Yeah. 'cause black people make you famous and then white people make you rich.


Mm. So if I wasn't good at making black people laugh, they wouldn't have no interest in bringing me to these platforms. Correct. And then sometimes you get on these platforms and they'd be great opportunities but they don't be paying and that make me lose all interest in them. So you need to get a check to be, 'cause I'm grinding. Right. I be, I'm over here in the hood. Right. And you know, you might get a call from the Street street dude, big baby. He got you in Greenwood, South Carolina at his cousin's spot. But he got that big show money. Yeah. And they love you in there. Right. And the show might not start at one o'clock in the morning. We drink good clubs. Straight shake baby.


They handed you 3,500. Yeah. And I'm there singles. And then you go and they want you to do six weeks of TV and you don't even Yeah. You ain't making Mm. Then you gotta pay taxes on it. Had you won, how much, how different would your life have been had you won? Last, Comic, Standing. It wouldn't have been too different. 250,000. I wouldn't have changed you. Nah, I would've messed that money up. So, so it would've messed that money. I'm so glad you jack that money off. I'm so glad I ain't get that money. Right, right then. Yeah, because my mama had just passed. Oh. So you know, I'm dealing with the sadness and the depress. Then you gonna throw some money on top of that. Right. I probably wouldn't even be here right now.


I would've messed that money up way too quick. Probably would've caught a chart. You went on hell date. So you, like I said, you stay on tv Carlos. I'm grinding. I'm grinding. So lemme ask you a question. How do these opportunities, you have a manager, like I got somebody that I think would be perfect for this because you are a showman. You, you know how to get in front of the cameras. Yeah. And that's, that's a whole, that's a part of it. Knowing how to play to the cameras. Right. Knowing how to play to a crowd. Everybody can't do that. There are a lot of people that can be funny, but they don't know how to play to a crowd, play to a camera. Especially 'cause when that red dot go on, that's a whole different animal. Right. And plus the, the comedy that you selling to like a mainstream TV audience, it's, it is different than what you, than what you could just really just rock when it ain't nothing.


Right. But I do got a dope team. My manager, she been in the game for a long time. She's been around all the big stars. Me and Dave Chappelle got the same manager. Okay. Ricky Hughes. She dope as hell. Right. So, you know, I wanted to get somebody who, who knew the comedy world but also knew the business side of it. So if she working with Dave Chappelle, who's one of the top comedians of this whole generation is like she can go over there and she got time to deal with, with me and all this I got going on. I know that it's, it's coming from a great place. You know, a lot of times people don't want someone that big because he like, man you got Chappelle, you ain't got no time for me. You ain't gonna put no time in me because you got Chappelle and he all over.


I mean he's selling out. He got Netflix specials and he all over, he can put his stuff up and it's gone. And so when you gonna have a little time for old little old Carlos, I'm, I'm living in the dream. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. Like you, you been a professional athlete, you know what it's like, it's a job. But man you used to love to put that damn Baltimore raven on. Yeah. And just be in there just like, man I can leave this shit bro. I was in Savannah state and now. Right. You get what I'm saying? So right man that I'm in the moment. Right. That was some more great advice that I got. Man. Make sure you find time to enjoy it too. Can you, can you? Absolutely, absolutely. Because I I I can honestly say Carlos, I don't really know if I really, I enjoyed the journey really even though I was headed to a destination.


I think that's the fun part about me is that the journey that I was on, but I didn't have time to think about it. I didn't get chance because I was afraid I was gonna get caught up and it was gonna distract me and I wasn't gonna be as focused. I wasn't gonna be as hungry. I was not gonna be as driven in order to finally get to that destination if I didn't do what I needed to do. So I don't know if I necessarily enjoyed it even though I was on that journey. I don't know if I enjoyed it until I stepped away from it. You still enjoying it? You still enjoying it? No, I'm talking about the football man. If it wasn't for the football, ain't no club shake shit. I know, but I didn't enjoy it when I was doing it. See you, you say you enjoy it as, as the process is happening. Absolutely. Nah.


Absolutely because it is like, like you said, I'm from Oxford, Mississippi, itt nothing to go on to it. This don't work out. Right. You know how many is waiting to see me back in the crib? I told you, you know that that's everywhere I look at him. He right back everywhere. Yeah, yeah. Hey man, bring some more this he done got in the hall. Well you were on hell date man. Because that's a lot of, that's this relationship thing because, and we gonna talk about the 50 50 and what it takes about on the first date and how much you spend on the first date. So lemme ask you this, what's the appropriate place to take someone on the first date? How much is the appropriate amount to spend on the first date?


That's a tricky question. You always gotta come with the mulligans. It ain't no cent amount. How much do you like her? What's your budget? See men we lose because we don't plan enough. Right. If you plan the date, you could plan within your own budget. Right. So if you take her somewhere you that you can afford that you plan. Right. It's gonna make it look like you had this whole thing laid out. What if she, what if you pull up to the place and she like, she don't get outta the car. You gotta act like you excited. You gotta play it up. Like I heard so much about it. I heard the food is good. You gotta act like you ain't never been there before. What, what happened to game?


What happened to game? What happened to game? Why did, why did this get so complicated? Right. Man, if you, if you a dude and you make a thousand dollars a week, that's how much fun you going to have. You going to have fun. You gonna have a thousand dollars worth of with the fun. Right. If you got a million dollars, you going to have a million dollars worth of fun and everything that fall in between that. That's just what it is. But what, what if you make a thousand dollars a week but she one the more 25 hundreds she make 2,500. Yeah. She used to like 25. She got a $2,500 budget. Hey man, that's where we went wrong at. A lot of dudes out here dating women that don't like 'em.


If she already like you, it don't matter where you go. But you know, we like to point our coverage. We like to get what we think we don't supposed to have. I don't, y'all do. I don't. I I'm, I'm not even, I'm I'm not even pursuing if you don't already like me, we not going nowhere anyway. But hold on, hold on Carlos. You got to like me immediately. But I'm saying but you gotta go introduce. I mean I look, I know you Carlos Miller, they know you Carlos Miller. But I mean you got to, you know you gotta do a little court. You gotta like, Hey how you doing? What's your name? I'm such and such. I'm shit. No I don't. That's the problem right there man. Where you meeting women at?


Man meeting them. That's what I'm telling you. I'm not meeting nobody. They meeting me. Well y'all not using your Fame. Right Man. Give give me a pen. I'm about to start writing these jokes. Your Fame Right. I'm about to start writing these jokes. If that's what they do when they coming out there like that. You got look, you got show, you got show you got three, four NFL announcing job. Man. You six feet plus you got muscles and you rich. Hell who you trying to impress? You know how many women already like you man, I'm from the old school. You know you how you doing? I'm man, the old school, they they done, they done told the old ain't no old school. They know. They knew now. Hell no.


Hell no. Man, you crazy as hell. I'm, we gonna link on social media. I'll just send you some. Okay. You ain't gonna go on, you don't. No. When you going on Club Chaa? Look, I don't got nobody business to tell. They ain't gonna call me. I ain't got nothing but good shit to say. I don't hate nobody. I'm friends with it. I'm too cool. Right. They don't need me. Right. So what about 50 50? You go out on the day. If you take the, if you, because this say okay, if the man ask the lady out he's supposed to pay. If she ask him out, is she supposed to pay? Are we going 50 50? How this work? No, you old school. I'm, I'm when it comes to that, you take it later out, you definitely gotta pay. Right. Because you can't go half with her then ask her for something later on you can't but you hold on.


You can't, you can't ask it the first night though Carlos. You gotta, they gotta wait like a couple of weeks. A couple of months. Who what? Wait, who told you this? Who you been with? Man, I not old school I guess. Who you been with? They didn't do that. They, when I was growing up they didn't do that. They didn't, they ain't, they ain't, they ain't do that. No Carlos. Man, stop it uncle. I ain't lying. Carlos. Come on man. Not on, not on, not after one night you take somebody out to eat and they go, oh nah they don't do that Carlos. Why, why, why, why you doing all this? I'm just saying. I'm saying I I done seen you shoot your shot a few times. Yeah they ain't, I know you ain't hit nothing. You ain't hit nothing. Yeah the Turkey still flying around. I ain't brought no Turkey hole for Thanksgiving yet. Try it now after that live you might be able to pull something now don't, hey these ladies out here rich as hell too.


Now I know sometimes you had to go out and you gotta show 'em what it's like when they coming on your side. So sometimes it's an investment. It's coming right back. Right. Especially when you start shooting at these high profile ladies. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They already already got money. They got divorce money and all that. Man. They don't be worried about your income like that. They be wanting somebody who fit the aesthetic now. But the, but the high profile. But you know what comes along with high profile. Yeah. See that's the thing. A lot of men don't know how to play. They position no more. If your lady high profile shut the up, shut up ride in your, in your truck and your hellcat and shut up. Let her get that money.


Yeah. Where's the best place to meet a woman at work? At her job? Nah, nah, you can't, you can't talk to somebody at your work, at her job. You can't me, if you work there, you can't mess with somebody there. I'm saying say say for instance she work at the hospital. Right. Yeah. And then you down there, your little boy got asthma or something. You see what I'm saying? Like you need to see her right and her job. Oh okay. Okay. I thought you said like okay like if you, if you at work, like if you at Amazon and you delivering to a crib, you, you might just leave that one. But if you catch her at her job it's a whole different story. But you know, lemme ask you a question. See like you see a nice looking lady, you deliver a package to her house, she nice looking.


She ain't gonna probably gonna give you the time of day. Right. But if a nice looking chick deliver that package, that same Amazon driver, she a lady and she nice looking and she drip deliver a package to Carlos house. Carlos, hey lemme holler at you. What's up? Why is it like that Carlos? Why they don't give us the time of day If they see us dressed up in a nine to five but a dude. But if a young lady working a nine to five and she like that, we don't care because women know how to add, they can add up about how much money you making. So they like, they like, they like men who got disposable income because when a woman really looking at you, she trying to see like it ain't about if you sexy or not.


It's like what your lifestyle looking like. Now if I bring this over here to where you at, how you going to upgrade that? Right. So a lot of dudes be trying to like, they be trying to pull that, you know what I mean? Pull something that ain't really for them. That ain't in your league. Don't nobody want nobody in their league. No they don't. But a player like me. Yeah. I'm trying to holler at who like me. Right. I ain't doing no impression. Not impressive. You just gotta already like them. But you know, hey them man. Hey them are delivery people. They making break now. You see what them, what brown can do for you. They making big bank. They always have. They did. They always have. Man I should have got me a job there when I was in school bro. You ain't getting no job.


I never had no job. They had no job bro. I did. I did have, I had manual jobs when I was growing up. Like what? I worked in tobacco field. I clipped Where in the hell is a tobacco field? Tobacco. Some of your stories be older than you. No, I've been listening to your story. We grew up in a concrete house. No we did no bathroom. Where? Where? South Georgia. You said wasn't no bathroom in the house? No none. Thousand square foot. Seven block cement floors. 10 roof. You can taking it to the house. I can take you there and see it. It ain't there. It's there. For real. Yeah, we, I ain't in there. Yeah. I don't think nobody lived there but yeah. Oh yeah. Drank well water. Absolutely. That's what I'm saying.


You, you, you come from very humble beginning very, very. I still am and I don't want to go back. That's why I'm, that's why I worked so hard Carlos. 'cause I knew what it was like. I know what it's like to be humble. Me too. That's what I'm saying. Yes. That's what I'm saying. So I can't, I can't be having no lady who just, all she bout is money because we going to Oxford sometimes. Yeah. And they don't even sell Louis Vuitton in Oxford. We don't have no Gucci store. Right. Ain't no mall. Right. Ain't even nowhere to buy nothing expensive baby. Hey we fixing kick it out here in the yard and let these mosquitoes bite your ass. Yeah. We gonna see how much love. Really? The most expensive thing in a small town. Like what we got of a tank. A gas come on gonna cost you about $75.


That's all we got. You finna go to Walmart and you can get whatever you want. Now that's balling to me. Yeah. Have you ever used a dating site? I ain't never been on there. I ain't either. I ain't never been on there. Social media is about as close as dating site as I'm gonna get. I don't, I don't really do all that. I like to meet 'em in person anyway. Yeah. Yeah. Because they be adding them filters and they don't be looking like that in real life. Like they be looking on that on them social media pages. Ain't nothing wrong with that. Nah, it is. No it ain't. Listen, if you tell me you got a car a 19, if you selling me a 2017 car, say you got 70,000 miles on it, bro.


How you gonna come up here to think did it all up? It ain't got, Hey, it's on blocks, huh? It ride like it's brand new. It died. So that's, that's really been the problem though. You're like, you ain't finding the ones that look like no, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm, look man, look, I work, I work a lot. You think you work a like I work, I work a lot. I do five. I mean we doing four shows a week of Nightcap, Ocho and I about to go to five days a week. I got two days a week on, on, on First take with Stephen a and then I shoot Club Shehe one to two times a week. Now how much you spending on these days? Come on now. Come on. No, come on. I mean, now I got bread now.


You been had bread? No, I didn't have no, you a Super Bowl champion. You not finna sit up here and act like we got the same money. I'm not finna go for that shit. You been rich and famous. You was in there 96, 94? No, no. When the Broncos had the orange jersey, he was on there. Man, you have paper. But here's the thing though. I was a seventh round draft pick. Your brother got paper too. That was his paper. He still looked out like huh, huh, huh huh. No, I, he did enough to get me motivated to see what he had, knowing that I wanted that. I saw the house with three car garage. It had indoor plumbing. I saw central heating and cooling. I wanted that. But I made 63. I made 63,000 my first year.


What about the mother 20 You played? Yeah, but I'm talking about in the beginning. What about, no, see you, you That's the past I got. I got bread. I got bread now. So it's not a thing. But I, I look at it like this here. I look at it in the back, like, okay, you know what I believe if she came with her girls, she would still order like this. And if I look at you and all of a sudden you talking about you want the seafood tower and I think got six lobster tails and five crab claws and all and scallops. No, no, no, no, no, no. Come up. You ain't, you ain't telling me you putting any women on no budget, bro. I'm on a budget. No. Hell no. Yes I am. I don't believe that. I'm on a budget. Come on man. I'm a po hustler man. You still getting undisputed money.


I stop lying to these folk. Huh? I get it. This your show. You don't want nobody asking you for nothing. Not the undisputed. You got paper undisputed money. Stop. You got glasses on. You getting paper. It stopped a couple of months ago to Unputed money


Coming soon to Prime Video. You can call me Detective Alex Cross, based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of sickos out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing cross, I learned to trust his gut. Get inside's hand. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


Oh, the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years, we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers, Flatts and our iconic APR Goddess Slip-ons. You name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim, seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loper with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school. Drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect. For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


Hello. It is Ryan. And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino's home. The hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So Sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com and grab your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Start. They got, they got something for you. You getting some residual? They get No, I getting no residual. Come on. Scale shuts all gold. You getting paid? I don't hear that bro. NFL Network. No, I'm, I'm EPN now. Hall of Fame. They don't send no checks for the Hall of Fame. They send you some money for having bad knees now. No, they don't. You don't get no retirement? No. No. I mean, I, I I don't, I don't, I don't, I haven't, I haven't taken my retirement yet. That goes what? I gonna take retirement before. I don't need it. What you mean? Oh, you got so much paper you don't need it. Nah, I don't need, that's what I'm saying. Stop playing. You and Ocho getting independent money. Y'all got a podcast? We do it. Okay.


Y'all got, I mean we doing okay. You doing ads? You done partnered up with LA all that. You got paper mark. You got a little part right here. That's money. That that, but that's when you get the part. But I've had this part since 72. It's the only haircut I've ever had. That's what I'm saying bro. You done trademarked the whole no trademark. Come on you, you bullshit Mark. I know you don't. Nah, you don't be taking 'em, letting them get sick lobsters. Take 'em let, I'm allergic to shellfish. So you can't even eat seafood around me. Let her get the six. No, she can get, she can get the steak though. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. That's a good fish take out. Let her egg a fool with it.


She can't eat more than you can buy. No she can't. Matt, look, I think three oh dollars a good is a good budget. It ain't 300. I make no good budget. Absolutely not. It's Atlanta, you know what I mean? Drug dealers and scammers and Steelers and robbers and, and athletes. We got the Atlanta Hawks. Yeah, the Falcons the brave. You know how much money baseball players make? I do. So if you catch her after she been down there in Lennox with one of them Atlanta bravely, you show up with $300. See? You see Oh you named now which one of those teams? Shannon Sharp play for? The Falcons, the Braves, the Hawks. The MLS team. Which one he play for Club Shaha.


You got that paper man. I play man. It ain't but a few of 'em. You got it. Have you ever had a bad experience going over to a woman's house? Absolutely. What happened? One time I was over a girl house and the dude showed up. They was downstairs talking. This nigga came upstairs. I'm like, Hey, she a good woman. Take care of her. And he left. That was the weirdest, huh? Yeah, that was the weirdest. Yeah, he he supposed to have tax you. You ain had no jewelry, all nothing. He supposed to, lemme get that partner. I don't wear jewelry. My whole thing is to look like I don't have nothing. He came upstairs, said, Hey man, you a good woman man. You got your good one here. Yeah, take care of her. He was hurt too. I don't know what she was whispering to him down there about.


But this was why he came upstairs. How he knew you was upstairs? I guess she told him, oh Lord, hammers, you know, I wouldn't worried I had that 40 on me. Oh, okay. Okay. I I'm not coming over there without that 40. See you see that's why I stopped 'cause they told me I couldn't bring my, I heard I couldn't bring, I heard you got, I couldn't bring that stick over there. So I said I can't come over there. I ain't going over there without that. No, but I, but it stopped me from, I had a bad experience and you know, I was asleep. He had the whole, well I, no, I wasn't sleep that time. Me and my homeboy buck, he told the story. People thought I was lying. I called her and she's like, I just say I'm in town. You like, well come back over.


So we turned around 'cause we had just left campus 'cause she lived close to campus. We turned around, opened the door, she got a, you know, she got a robe on. She said, well, come on back here, lemme, I wanna talk to you. I told my homeboy, I said, bucket it, you know he got a jet. He grabbed a jet magazine. So we about five minutes in, I done took my, you know, took my necklace off and set my, you know, bracelet. Set my rolling. I got a diamond rolling. I done took that off. By this time I see the door handler turning. I said, my homeboy, no, I ain't on no Amtrak stuff. I don't even know what, what's going on. So by this time the door swing open. Dude got that chopper. I said, Lord have mercy. I say, my man, this your people. He said, yeah, two years.


I said, oh lord. He said, my man you. I said, yeah, I'm him. He said, I thought so. I thought so. I said, my man, my bad. I said, my bad bad. I said, bro, I ain't know. I put my shirt back on. He got me shook. Now Carlos, because you know, hey now I, but I'm thinking in the back of my mind. I said, but damn, my homeboy ain't let him get the drop on me. His partner had the sold off on him. So that's why he didn't tell me nothing. I didn't know this till later. One came in through the front, the other came in through the back. Oh man. So check this out. We leaving. I said, God dang man. I left my watch and my bracelet.


He said, man forget that. I said, whatever Ben, stop this mofo. I'm finna go get that. I went right back, opened the door. I said, well man, lemme get that watching bracelet off the drer. He said, here you go. He handed it to me. So we pull it off. They get to fighting. She run out the house. Robe tore, don't leave me, don't leave me. She dropped in the truck with us and left. I said, now that's the Carlos. That was the second time, the first time I had just got drafted, came back. And I didn't wanna drive all the way home 'cause I didn't wanna wake with my grandmother 'cause she gonna be panicked because she didn't know I would've been coming home. So I asked, I said, you seeing anybody?


No. I said, you mind if I spend the night? No, I coulda just tucked my tail to La Quinta spending that little $50. But you know, see, but anyway, man, I'm laying there, Carlos. I'm like this here. You ever lay something? You ever had to like sleep paralysis. You could hear things but you can't move. Yeah, absolutely. After a while, I, I hear people arguing. It's getting louder and louder after a while, boom. The do fly off the hinging. So you know, hey, I just got drafted in the NFL. I'm six foot two, I'm 21 years old and I'm prying athletic. I jump up like what it is. And then I look at him, oh lord, he got some bodies on his resume. I know who he is.


I say, my man, he say sharp man, bro, I'm so proud of you man. I be telling the homie, I know you man. I'm proud. Congratulations man. I used to watch you at Savannah State. He's like, I said, bro, I said, I ain't no, he said sharp, I ain't got no problem with you. He said, but I'm tired of this. Be lying. I'm putting my shoes on. I say, me too, Man. So that was the, that that, that last time when the dude pulled a chop on me, that was 93. I have not closed my eyes at a woman house since I don't blame you. I said, and people talking about Oh. Oh, what you mean? Oh, if a dog bites you, the likelihood of you going to buy a dog is not very likely because you have a traumatic experience with said situation. Ah, dude, dude don't walk over me a chopper dude got bodies on the resume.


They kicked the door in and you think I'm supposed to just like go over there. And they just like, do you gonna understand that you you just got drafted? Yeah. Anywhere that you would've took her, that was yours. She was going to be impressed. You coulda had a one bedroom condo downtown. I ain't have no place though. I was in college. I'm sleeping in the dorm. We can't have nobody in the dorm. And I don't know how it is now, but you a athlete when you start listening to them people. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no. IIII follow the rules, Carlos, because they'd kick you out. They'd kick me outta school. No they wouldn't. You the only one going to the NFL on the whole team. They, Carlos, I'm telling you bro, you, you Shannon Sharp. I know you the star player.


You think you finna get kicked off the team having a woman in? I would've. I would've because they gonna make an example outta me and first, second of all my brother Sterling Sharp. So I don't wanna do anything that's gonna bring shame or disappointment to him. And I, Mary Porter's grandson. So I always factored that in because before that, now you absolutely right. I'd have been a little more, I'd have been a little bit more reckless. My grandma would've been so proud of me. Yeah. My grandson down there getting all the ho Yeah, he, he running through him. You said you wanted to legalize prostitution. Yeah. Why medical prostitution. What kind of medical is prostitution? Think of how much depression is out here. Think of how many young men out here.


Sad. Nothing to look forward to. They don't even know how to talk to women. They need that. Oh lord. Yeah. Everybody don't got access to go live like that. Oh lord. I heard of me medical marijuana. Yeah, but medical prostitution. Yeah. I think that should be an industry that is regulated that people can enjoy. And it's, it will take a lot of stress off going 50 50 and what'll take it for a date? A lot of people don't have conversations like that. Right. They just, just a means to an end. And if they did it right and clean and kept everybody safe, it'd be dope. It'd be dope. It probably decrease the violence.


Crime would go down, employment would go up. Right. Because if you, if you knew that you could spending this money having a whole great weekend, that might inspire somebody to work a little harder. Might help the economy. Look at what the marijuana industry did for Colorado. Now just think about what the vagina industry will do for America. Oh lord. Prostitution. The oldest profession in the world. Yeah. Just, hey, come on now. Just need to be regulated. Huh? Need to be regulated. Who started safe and healthy? Who started the hashtag Black men Don't cheat. Was that you Duval? Who started that? Nah, that was, you started outside. Yeah, he got that for me because I'm tired of being misrepresented, bro.


Black men man, most disrespected man on the whole planet, bro. Don't nobody give us credit for nothing. We just, we don't have no representation. We the most disrespected and you know, we the most sought after. Yeah. And we ain't, we ain't really out here like that. What, what made you come to that revelation? What? That black men don't cheat. Yes, I'm a black man. I'm a black man. In order to cheat, you gotta be with somebody. Right. If you ain't with nobody, that ain't cheating. So in other words, as long as you don't have a partner Right. You should be able to like sleep with this one. That one ain't nobody said nothing about no sleeping.


If you a black man and you a woman white, you can cheat. Ah. How you come to that conclusion? What you mean? Why would, why wouldn't you cheat? I mean if you're in a relationship, is that what you supposed to do? She white. She a woman. You chose like, I want you to be my woman. I wanna be in a relationship with you. I mean, white, black, Hispanic, Asian, whatever. Nah, nah. Black men don't cheat. Black men the most faithful men out here man. Do women believe you? Yeah. Sometimes. What you mean? Sometimes? Sometimes bro, you know how they just like to be objective sometimes, but you know, I feel like as a black man you got a lot to prove out.


Right. So I definitely, I don't know any black man that's out here cheating. I ain't never seen it. Right. I don't know nobody that cheated. Like nobody. I mean, I heard you say that sometimes they try to set you up and make it look like you cheat. Right. Like they'll sneak and throw you on live and then make it sound like you on there cheating. But it ain't even cheating. You see how they, you can fall into the trap easily. Yeah, exactly. You know, now they know, you know that this is a setup. I heard you say that people should stop trying to change people. Absolutely. Why would you? So in other words, I I agree. Accept the person that you find them not how you wish them to be.


Yep. And sometimes you gotta, you can't be looking for yourself and other people. Just 'cause you doing right. Don't mean somebody gonna act. Right. Right. So you just gotta know what you dealing with. Right. If you met that girl in the club and she was, she was dancing, why would you tell her to stop? You can't change her. That's who she is. Right. You just need to accept what come with it. Yeah. Now I'm, I'm like that. I'm a look if I meet somebody and they, they dress and I'm like ooh. Now all of a sudden I get what that person now you can't dress like that no more. No. That's what I was attracted. I mean I like that. I was attracted to that. I ain't gonna try, I don't want you to stop. You gotta have some security in yourself. Yes, for sure. Knowing that it don't matter if she a freak or if she a church girl, if she going to be on some on on demon time, she gonna be on there anyway.


Right. It ain't nothing you can do to stop that. You can, you can try to intervene or delay it. But she gonna be who she be. She gonna be who she is man. And I tell people all the time, just be what you be. Just don't include me. But you also said women should stop trying to create the perfect man. What do you mean by that? Well a lot of women have this idea of the great perfect man. Right. And it's not even something that they really want. That's just what they heard somebody else want. Right. Like that only makes sense. I want a guy, he need to be over six foot tall. He need to be educated. He need to be well-rounded.


He need to be what? What you need a man that tall for you ain't tall you got high cabinets in. Yeah. You need a man that's six, seven foot. He, he, he needs to be well read. He needs, he, he got to want to travel when there ain't been nowhere. Why but it, but I'm just saying that. But that's, that's what they want. A lot of people won't accept that the type of person that they're attract to don't even like them. Mm. It's a cold world. It is. I mean it sound good. It is. It is cool to have standards or it is cool to have a wishlist but they don't like you like all these women. So man, the man that you looking for ain't necessarily looking for you. When the last time you seen a tall man with a tall ass woman.


Tall men ain't even attracted to tall women. They like short women. So then they take all the short women, then they leave all the tall women out here. Now it's just a bunch of short dudes trying to talk to tall women. And tall women don't like short men, but short men love tall women. The tall women looking for the tall dudes. But the tall dudes done stole all the short women. So the short dudes can't have no short women. It is crazy. It, it's stupid. They be like, they want a rich man, rich man. Don't, ain't no rich dude sitting around like I wonder what Keisha with them three kids is up to. I feel like changing a life today. It don't happen. It's just unreal. You know what, and women try to guilt us in talking about you like when they have kids, you know, two kids, three kids, I however many kids they have, which is not a problem.


It's not a problem. But you can't guilt a man talking about he ain't no man if he can't take care of you and your kids. I mean what where they daddy at? Why, why is that a big problem when you ask where they daddy is? Right. I mean it is a lot of dudes that would accept women for kids. Like with kids. I ain't got no problem 'cause I I I've dated women with kids. I ain't got no problem with that. Why you out here doing this? Do you you do what? You don't love yourself and No, you, you just told me I should like, who like me. You, you don't have to accept everything. You put all that you went to the gym and did all that practice and all that.


Running all them touchdowns to be a step daddy. I don't look at it no step. I'm a real daddy man. You ain't, you ain't you the father that stepped up. Oh nah. Hell no. You, you downplaying yourself man. So come on now. Nah, I like who like me. You ain't gotta like 'em like that all the time. No, but I'm saying look, I don't have a problem 'cause a lot of times, you know, I ain't really looking because a lot of, a lot of times women might, you know, that I might be interested in they want to have kids and I don't know. I'm, I'm, I'm 56 so I bro, I'm not finna be going to no graduation. They talking about a a Riley. Yo. Granddaddy, look at your daddy proud.


You should do it. That ain't my granddaddy. That was my daddy fool. No, no that ain't happen. Well you 56 don't be putting them old ass babies in them ladies that would thank you. And when they got kids they don't want no more. I feel you. Nah huh. It's all good. But if you gonna be out there dealing with them kids, mama man you, you she sharp now you gotta make sure you take care of you gotta turn 'em on to some, some put some Nikes on them and all that man. Yeah for sure. Can't just be out there. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. You ever dealt with a woman who had a son who was good at balding? He like, hey he might, he might do something. The thing is like when I dated women that had kids, they can't ask me for bags.


They can't ask me for anything because I'm only gonna do for the kids. Huh. Because nah, I'm not finna buy you no Louis Vuitton. You got a kid out here that needs school clothes and need and maybe need a tutor or something like that. Ain't about nobody. You messing the economy up when you do that. I don't care if you Shannon Sharp and you deal with some, don't you understand that you might be her only chance to get that bag that got to do with me and that she going be guess what? And she gonna be carried it with another dude. No you can't. You that's, see that's what I'm saying. Now you want to, when you find them, you want leave them better than you found them. Biggie. If you find her, her and she and she bag, but she got that micro cords on and then she deal with on for something. You supposed to get her two or three bags.


You supposed to take that, that oh seven and turn it at least to a 17. You gotta leave it. You can't just be out here. Real. I ain't got, I ain't got it like Carlos. I don't know what you think I got red like that Carlos. I know I'm looking at your crew and they like, hey tell 'em hey tell him you gotta stop. You being cheap out here. You acting like Ocho. Nah, ocho done rubbed up on you. Nah, nah, nah, nah nah nah nah nah nah. I I tell you, I mean I help Uhuh. I don't see it. I help You just said you ain't gonna get her bag 'cause you worry about who else she win it with. You got fly over No, no, no, no, no, no. And host them games and you ain't gonna be there all the time. No. So when you get outta that bag and then I come in town for my show, I'm be like, oh, oh.


That's why you ain't my call no more. No, this this how it go in the beginning if you, all you ask is for stuff for the kids where the kids wanna go to summer camp where the kids need to be enrolled in this and the kids need to be rolling in. That, that shows me that you focus. Then I'll do like, okay, you know what, boom, I hit it with a little bag. So you acting like you got a job bro. I do. Oh, I don't like that. Huh? I don't like that man that see this, this, I still, this is why the black economy is messed up bro. I got kids. I got kids too. I got a sister that I take care of. I got a brother I take care of. I got a mom I take care of. I got, I got responsibilities. You supposed to show up like gold and be like, look, stay in school, you can be anything you want to be.


Yeah. Come here. Let me give y'all some of this money. That's how I ain't supposed to be man. Oh. Oh. That's why. Yeah. Quit being snitchy. I guess that's why 56. Carlos. I don't know where you think I got this, this enormous or this absorbent amount of money, bro. Do you understand? You got about 20 minutes of football highlights on, on YouTube. I don't get paid for those. Love shake. Shake did more numbers than Joe Rope. You got liquor. I'm sure you got sponsorship from these little comfortable sweatsuits you we working on. We working on it. We working on it. You ain't got it yet? We ain't got it yet. Come on. We ain't got it. You ain't got no little strapless bags and shit. I no, I ain't got the bag today. Who doing your marketing for?


You need to holler at me. Yeah. Okay. I I'm telling you hook it up. Hey I can talk to Nah, because then what you call gonna happen it then the women go see this and say, but Carlos don't hook you up. So it break me off, bro. I'm telling you, they already know anyway. I ain't got, first of all, whatever bro. I ain't gonna get into all that man. This streets is talking. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey, it's Kevin Hart in this basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back all my game tickets, plus tickets for 23 of my biggest fans to cheer me on while I enjoy the game. Find your seed. I appreciate the support people. Eat that Brazel. This will never get old. Use more now kids. Okay, this is starting to get old. Save On Tagline, cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's yours, Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having a mini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW group void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and.