
Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from Way Downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner Of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop. With Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what your Restrictions and limitations apply. Cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


What's good? Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com


Coming soon to Prime Video. You can call Me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We Have to catch this serial killer. I don't care For foot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. Ke thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If We don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. The clock's ticking. Do you think you can stop him? I have no idea. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Lemme ask you a question. You wanna get married? I don't know. I don't know how the hell you don't know at your age. 'cause it's the, the what marriage represents is too much for me right now. I gotta promise you forever, forever, forever, forever. Ever. Forever. I don't, no. I ain't really good at relationships, man. Mm. It is what it is. I tried. You tried to, you, you was engaged, you tried to, did your, did your LA lady live with you? Yeah. And what happened? What you mean what happened? What happens when people break up?


She got all her shit and went home. Man, that's, she left. I'm a black man. So guess what? Whatever happened, it is my fault. Right. I don't get to have no say so or nothing. Oh, you so you, you know how it goes when, when they sick of you, you the worst motherfucker they ever had. So, and that, that's normally happened. I mean, when I broke up with my girlfriend, I, I told my coach and I say, he's asked me what happened and I say we were both sick. He looked at me, I said I was sick of her. She was sick of me. Yeah. That's what happened. You about to get married? I was engaged one time. Yeah. Yeah, she worked. What happened? What happened? She, what happened? She said she didn't wanna be in a relationship anymore.


She ain't say that. That's how you sum it up. She ain't say that though, Carlos. I'm just telling you what you was saying. I mean, I'm just, I'm telling you, I, I'm, look out the black man over here laughing because we know that ain't what happened. Why would I, why would I lie about something like that? Why wouldn't you? Nah, not gonna lie about something like that. Look at the white dude. I don't, I don't know what they're talking about. I've been with my girl since fourth grade so lemme ask you question, but you know how it is. Yeah. When, when a woman ready to go, she ready to go. But here, there ain't nothing you could do. But here's the thing though. She's not impulsive when she decide when she leaves. Oh. She been thinking about this. This ain't, this ain't no this ain't no one week. This ain't they be gone before they leave.


Absolutely. The left six, seven months ago. Yeah. They done checked out on you? Yeah, they just checked out. They was just hoping like, I ain't here, you know, and he ain't, we we'll make a split second decision. That's not, women don't operate like that. Yeah. I think with me though, I think a lot of like, when you deal with somebody for an extended amount of time, they be like, I think a lot of women, they love the potential. Right. And they be waiting on you to change on their time. Right. But some men at some point, you know, at, at certain levels of life ain't ain't looking to change. Im doing what works for me. Ain't no way I could be right in every aspect of everything else. Yes. In my life and my business and my career.


Right. Everything going right except with you. That don't mean shit wrong with me. I just picked the wrong person. It happens. You look good. But that don't Is there, if, if you were to get married, how long do you think a person should date before they get married? It don't, it ain't no time. That ain't no fake time. You can meet somebody and be with 'em for 10 years and you can meet somebody this weekend and be like, I can't live without you. Damn. Yeah. It ain't that ever happened to you. I've seen some that I wanted to take, but yeah. It is one now though. I'm gonna keep you real with you. This mother's so bad. I'm talking about bad ba. This motherfucker's so fine. Unc. I like her.


Her eyeballs is sexy. I don't think you look at her eyes. This motherfucker got sexy eyeballs. Does she? I ain't never seen no like that. Her ears, she got look cute little ears. She tall. Hell no. Damn fine. I'm talking about fine like a ticket on the window. Ooh, bad. O what? So what, what's the problem? What's the hold up? She eating good vegetables and what, what? What's the problem? What you mean? What you mean what's the problem? I mean, you say she bad. I mean you don't, you don't, you know, lock her down. Uhuh, I'm just lurking. No. So that's your problem. Sometimes we move too fast. We too fast. We just gotta watch and see. I just wanna see how she do in the next quarter.


What she got coming up. Okay. But she bad. Does she know you lurking? She know I don't hit her that much. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't trying to be. You were like, Hey girl, I just call to see how you doing. You know I ain't want anything man. Oh. But she done start confessing all of, I'm just sitting here just yeah for real. Oh okay. He did it again. Okay. Yeah man, you are dirty man. No I'm not. You can, you not supposed to be the shoulder she cry on. I'm not. I just, I can, I can assess a situation. I just, just know that she just got a little bit more that she got to work out from right then Imma, you feel me?


Yeah. And you talking about what's the budget? Ain't no, see, you gotta open up the budget for one of these. Like this. Huh? Yeah, you gotta open. She like that. She bad. I'm telling and ain't nobody never spend no bread on her. But you about to. I'm talking unc, she at that stage where she act like she don't even like nice shit. 'cause she ain't got nothing. Oh man, she ain't got no Louis, none of that. She ain't never had one. You buy a car? Hell yeah. Huh? Hell yeah. I'm gonna get her a car. Oh Lord. Hell yeah. I'm getting her a car because she gonna appreciate it. Damn. I ain't got to buy the 600 Nice. 50,000 car, huh? Hell huh. All she want is the C class aint, you know that little being?


Yeah. They just throw you the key to that. She look 2 53. Oh hell yeah. Tin Wonders finna do it. I'm out here living wrong then. Huh? I'm telling you bro. You really overthinking it. You really overthinking it. I can't believe you out here with this much paper. You ain't having your way. Oh no. Oh, I got a little paper on boy. Ain't I'm having the time of my life, man. I got too much responsibility, Carlos. Hey man. Everybody grown. Everybody grown. Yeah, I get it. But I, I just, I, I, I, like I said, I got kids. I got a mom, I got a sister brother.


Hey, you kid grown man. They are they married and everything? No, my son married. I still got two daughters. I just put her through med school. I got another daughter. So bro, I, I gotta, I gotta be smart with my paper. You don't, you just gotta get more paper. But that requires me to work more. Oh, you don't have no more days off. I don't. You ain't no more working dog. You good? Yes. Sell some more of this liquor. I'm put this in the stove. It's in the store. Sell it. We selling it. Promote it. You ain't dropping No. Drop it. Promote it. Yes. Tell them yes. Hey, go get some of this. My name's Carlos Miller and I don't even drink, but when I do I'm drinking this.


You should have called this shit unc. Oh man, Lord have a birthday. But that's, that's the thing about it, man. We laughing and we, but like as black men, when you get to a level of success where you got a little extra, you could do little things like that to help out the family and, and have a little free little weekend to kick it with that girl, with them. Nice. As that's, that's what make it all worth it. Yeah. I ain't nobody holding on to this shit. 'cause I ain't never seen nobody take none of that with 'em. Nah. I, I think for me is that to make sure like my family, the kids, my sister, that they get an opportunity to like in, because we, me and my brother, we, we came up the same, we were in the same house. My sister, we was in the same house. My mom, you know, even though my grandparents raised me, my mom had it hard.


My mom struggled. So now that I'm in a situation, it's like I don't yout make it sound like you just got this paper though. You been No, I really You've been straight for about 30 years. No, I just got kind of disposable paper. I got disposable paper. I mean paper. I got paper now. I was like, you know what, okay fine. You want that? I'll go get it. See? Yeah. I call bro, I'd be like, bro, let go on, go half. Oh what? Oh whatever it is, the family. No, no, no. My brother don't work. My brother got retired. So now it's my responsibility, my responsibility to take care of everybody. Bro. That's, you gotta stop making your brother cry all the time too, bro. All these beautiful ass story. I know Sterling at me want to chill sometime then you come outta nowhere.


Once I remember when I was six years old, I'm not even the best football player in my family. My sister is. I was like, what you tripping? Chance Sterling goes somewhere like here you go. I love my little brother, bro. He got quick up. Eric's has Sterling come outside. You make him cry bro. Let him make it. Okay. Bye. Bad bye. Bad bye. Bad wilding out. What's been your experience on wilding out? What you want? Talk about how they fry me or what? That's what you, why? Yeah. Is that what you getting at? Nah, just ask me how you got fired on your day off. You see how I'm sitting here talking to you? I'm, I'm not active.


This me. Okay. I say the wrong shit all the time. Come on. You can't say the wrong thing to the wrong person though. Yes you can. That's what I've been trying to tell you. That's the same thing I was saying about Monique. Bro. I am a professional comedian. Right. I'm a talker. I know we can't keep saying that, but I am. Right. So if you hire me to do that, let me do that. Let me do that. I don't know what happened. That was a dope, that was a dope experience. I was on that show like 10, 11 years that don't Yeah, when they first brought it back Season five. Yeah. Me and Chico and Conceited and Manuel Hudson. We was the original like from the season five that they brought back.


Right. So I've been on there ever since. They brought it back. Like I even did a couple episodes on the last season that they did. Right. So it's just been up and down, bro. I think I probably got the record now for being let go the most. Lemme ask you a question. Who's been your favorite guest? You had Michael Blackson, who's unbelievable with a Kevin Hart cat. Why would you say Michael Blackson you don't like? I like Michael Black. He is just a, he, he would never be my favorite. That's my dog. No, I, no, I'm saying who's been your favorite? I'm saying he's been on, I'm just naming people that have been on there. Oh, shout out to Michael Blackson. But he, you know, he going every time he see me be like that black center of a, he going to talk about me anyway. Yeah. But that's been my partner for a long time.


But that he ain't even close to the top of who my favorite is, bro. I will say Kevin Hart, but every time he come on there, don't nobody get to say he talked the whole time. Probably Snoop, Snoop, Snoop come, he bring us a whole bunch of Snoop accessories and Yeah. You know, and then he, he makes sure everybody has some and then he walk off. Right. And he just, he he, the, the atmosphere has changed. But Jay Leno came on wild now one time. Lemme see who else. I like when they had like the fine r and b single ladies too. Right. Who else? My probably my favorite guest of all times would probably be Tammy Roman though.


Really? Tammy Roman is funny as hell bro. So shout out to her. She was very, very entertaining. Jocelyn Hernandez was dope. There's been a lot of people T Payne, but it's always the cast that make it fun. Right. Like being on set with DC Chico, conceited, Justina, Emanuel Hudson, one of the funniest people that you'll ever see in person. Like, 'cause he don't have to be doing nothing. He could be complaining and it be funny. Right. It's always dope to go in there and like take shit from Nick room 'cause he always got a hundred thousand dollars worth of clothes and he don't even wear, he just be on there with no shirt on. So just go in there, take something from him, he don't even know it's missing.


Well then, well how you get fired then? I don't know, honestly. Do you say something about that man, woman? Probably. I said all kind of crazy about Nick. That's what I do. But you But it wasn't even him that fired me. It was the other people. You know how, but he ain't try to get you back. I don't know. I don't dunno. He did a little bit, but yeah, it was cool. I ain't tripping. Lemme ask you this bro. If you a black man and you ain't never been fired, you ain't, you ain't working hard enough. Have let me go, open me up for some more opportunities. Why is this, why do you feel it's so important for black men to have communication after they have a disagreement? So don't nobody get shot.


That's, that's why. But we gonna have to do a better job for the next generation. Right. To let the young brothers know that it is all right to express yourself. It's okay to have feelings. It's okay to have a disagreement. It's, it's okay to have a disagreement, but that don't mean that this got to be it. Right. You get what I'm saying? So I think discourse and therapy right. Is something that's just really readily becoming available to us as black people. And we don't know how to deal with that. And sometimes we, you know, a lot of us grew up in households around people who shouldn't have been around. No kids who told you how to, you know, who handle it. You know, suppress your feelings and not be able to express yourself or not even be able to say nothing back.


Let's talking back, let's talk smart. That's disrespectful. And a lot of that stuff gotta change inside the community. Right. You get what I'm saying? So that's why it's important that we can have discourse and conversations and let people know that it is all right to have feelings. Men, black men, right. Men in general. Right. We don't, we don't really get to express ourself and that's why we don't live that long. How did you decide you DC and Chico to come up with 85 Style? Because the show that you see on the stage is how we really interact with each other. Okay. I feel like we, we three of the coolest friends, but we don't never clash. Like we, it is just really like, like brothers.


You know what I'm saying? Like the same but different enough where it'll never be a conflict, bro. Wow. Like me and DC when we left to go to Wild Now, like, I think he came, he came season seven. So me and Ggo was on like our third season when he came. So it was all new to him. And it was just dope to see somebody just enjoy something that, you know, that that was like an opportunity for us at a point. And now it's like, okay, now it's his job, but just to see, it's like he still wide ass. So he brought the love and the passion back for that. 'cause we like, okay, now, now it's dope. Now we got some people here that's gonna make it dope. Right. So we were kicking it hard in Atlanta, then we got to New York and then I linked up with Chico and I couldn't find 'em.


Then he came downstairs. He was like, oh, you just gonna throw me away. 'cause you with your real friends. And that's like, that's how the introduction, that's how we really got cool. And the way that we kick it with each other. We just like that all the time. So it only made sense because we would always end up having like two, three hour conversations or just rapping or talking shit back and forth with each other. So that's, that's how, that's the nucleus of the whole operation. Will you consider that's one of your better decisions that you made? What the link up with d dc and Chico and, and create that, that platform? Absolutely. Because we all bring different weapons to the table and it's dope to have somebody who could be strong where you weak or somebody who got the same vision, who could be like, oh, well this is what we doing.


Well I can bring that. So it's dope to have a team. And like I said, we not all after the same thing, so we'll never step on each other. But how do you all, how do you guys, because everybody is, is great in their own right to make sure your egos don't get in the way. Because we've seen a lot of groups allow egos allow money to get in the way. And, and it's never, and look, and, and sometimes it, you know, you can have success on your own, but you guys are really united as a group. How do you, how do you keep egos out of it? We don't, we love it. We, we encourage each other's ego. I think that's the biggest thing.


Like, yeah, babe, get all of it. You supposed you some, they owe you that. Right. So we encourage the ego, but it ain't never like somebody, you know, they, it ain't never individual. You get what I'm saying? Like, we trying to win for the team, we going to go over there and we gonna drag it back over here. Right. You feel me? Everybody eats B dc went through, went through something. He lost the mother of his kids. Yeah. And I know how close you are. How were you able to be there for a friend to let him know, bro, I, I, I can't even imagine the pain that you're going through, but I just want you to know that I'm here for you if you ever need me. Man, that was, that. I cried more than he did.


I was, it was, you know what I mean? Because I lost my mother and just not even knowing, you know, the uncertainty of the situation. Like, I don't know how to, what to tell my little brother. I don't know what to say, but I'm here. I ain't I don't have no words. If you need anything, if you need me to go pick these kids up every day or if you need me to, whatever you need, I'm extending myself to you, bro. That, that really, that caught everybody off guard. Because you gotta keep in mind I was with him the moment that he first saw her. Mm. And it's like, I remember when they didn't have no kids. I remember when they was in the love then all them kids was made outta love.


And just to see how he fight and face the world, I made me so proud of him. You get what I'm saying? Because I met him when he was just a young wild dude. And then to see the transition to being a man, to being a father, to being a father, father, I'm proud of him. Right. He handles it well. Right. He prays, he stay prayed up. He ain't ask for no help. He didn't go get a new chick to try to fill in that role. He did it by himself. He stepped up. I he forever got my respect for that. What did that in that most, in his most trying time, what did it tell you about your relationship with him?


That it was, I was exactly where I was supposed to be. That outside of comedy, outside of, that's my partner. God put us together for a reason. He put his team together for a reason. He put his family together for a reason. He gonna give you everything that you need. So not only do we have everything that we need to have everything that we want on the entertainment side, we got everything that we need in life. Right. You get what I'm saying? It's, it's different when the whole team's strong or the whole team got money or the whole, you know what I mean? When people gonna show up for you in real life moments and not just be your entertainment friend. Right. That, that was the biggest difference to me.


The NBA is finally back A new season mean new ways to get into the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA who's draining threes from beyond the arc, who's crashing the boards and grabbing rebounds. Get behind your favorite player and the prop bets you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a team to win. Go to DraftKings Sportsbook app Place your bet first time. New Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customer. Get $200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, Casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in New Hampshire, Oregon, Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk nng.co/b ball,


Are you ready to have your bacon love and mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious, thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon. And then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even the sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of a red sedan please visit guest Services? Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a prop with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what choice. Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Chico. Have you convinced Chico to let this let it go? You gonna understand, bro, Chico been bald for 10 years. He didn't even know he his hair could grow that long. Right. He don't care about the ball, he care about the braid. So in his mind, he's not lacking the front. He's rocking two hairs right at the same damn time. He having a ball. You can't talk him out of it, bro. And I don't let nobody else talk. You won't let talk. Nah, he didn't know he could grow no braids until the pandemic hit. Yeah, because the crazy part is we both ball. Right. But we wasn't shaving our head through the whole pandemic. Right.


But once I got the little George Jefferson, I was like, Uhuh, I look 71. Yeah. Cut mine off bro. He cut mine off. But you go like, nah, nah. He like, bro, this is crazy. I found somebody to braid this and when he got it braided. Oh, living his best life bro. Mm. How you gonna tell him no? What? Nah, you can't tell him to me. Hey, you don't wanna, you don't wanna hurt his feeling that he don't. You could. You can't. He don't care Now. That's the best thing about Chico Bean, bro. Like a lot of people can sit there and try to convince you that they don't care what people say. This dude will actually show you. He don't give a damn what nobody says, bro. That's, that's, that's what he brings to the 85 South show, bro. Right. It is like he standing on it, he standing in it, he don't hide it.


He's not easily embarrassed. Right. He's not a person who's gonna shy away from anything, bro. He stands in it. Right. That's the best thing about Chico Bean. One of the realists. Steve, Steve Harvey, a lot of people, man Ricky Smiley said the entertainer earthquake. So many of the comedians that's come on my platform have said what Steve has done for them. Steve let you guys use his studio for two years. Okay. Come on. Well correct it. Go ahead. We used Steve's studio for two years. He didn't know, he didn't know we was in there. He he allowed it once he found out.


Right. One night he showed up though. Oh, so y'all was doing it and then he was like, man, what the hell y'all got going? Boy, finna kick some As I finna kick some As he didn't, he didn't allow it. Right. But he didn't stop it. But once he found out he was cool. Right. Steve. Steve. Cool. So, so how did you, how did you meet Steve? I ain't know him. Okay. At first, my dog man used to work for him. Like my whole team used to work for him. Like my boy Kat, my boy Joe, Chad Ryan, like, we basically hired the whole staff that he fired. Okay. He had fired all my partners. Damn. They didn't even do nothing. He just let everybody go. But he had another partner who was like, Steve had a homie who he was had like his like, who was like his second in charge.


Right. Who wasn't all the way up the par and he was trying to like, get them outta there anyway so he could pull his move. Then it happened like that. Right. So we were using the studio in the off time. 'cause you know, like he do the morning. Right. So at night, the whole, you know, the studio wide over it, it's wide over. So we, we started putting it together. Had his team, all the guys that he let go and I guess they played him some of the show and he was like, all right, since they ain't in there, you know, smoking up my studio or messing with nothing, I, I let it go on until it can't go on no more. Okay. But yes, shout out to Steve Harvey. 'cause a lot of that, like, we probably used the studio for free, probably a good two years.


Wow. Y'all ain't had no overhead for free. No overhead. That's what really put us on our feet. Why? What, what is, what would you like to tell people about ownership? Because a lot of times, you know, people are like, man, I just, because you, you, you, you, when you get a nine to five, somebody cutting you a check, you know that's the regular, but when you own something, you don't work. You don't get paid. Carlos, you gotta take a chance. Yeah. And a lot of people ain't willing to take that chance. I, a lot of people ain't in the position to take the chance, but you gotta set yourself up. 'cause life is all about that. Like, we live in America. This is a capitalistic society.


Absolutely. You don't have something for sale. You ain't gonna make it. Right. You gotta have something for sale. Right. So what I would tell people about ownership, especially black people though, is like, take the chance. Invest in yourself. If you can go to somebody else job and do it good enough that they'll pay you. That's a skill. Yes. So when you get out of there, you need to try to refine that skill and, and take it to another level. I think God gave everybody at least one good talent. One good gift. And for you not to exercise it and use it, it is disrespectful. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody got the potential to be great. But a lot of people don't just, they don't take that chance. So when I got me a little piece of paper, I started looking around at all the, all the rappers and entertainers and they just got all the cars and all the jewelry and like, but don't nobody got no building.


Yeah. You can't ride by nothing and see a building and like that's, that's okay. That's the spot I wanted that. Right. You get what I'm saying? So I wanted my own studio. Right. I wanted to be able to come in here and turn the lights on and and create something. Yeah. We always did. And the Tyler Perry was one of my biggest inspir. Yeah. Man. I saw what he did down there with fork man pea for Pearson. That in Atlanta, you mean it should be one of them in every city. Yeah. You, you feel what I'm saying? Like we, we, we need that. Right. And then we can't complain about not having the opportunities. We gotta create our own opportunities man. We don't need Hollywood to pick one black person that they like and put 'em in 50 movies.


We need to, we need to pick our own stars man. Right. We need to make our own stars. So that was, that's the whole motivation. Like I feel like this is just phase one for me. Right. I can't wait to see what happens. I want to get on here, talk my shit, see let somebody see me. Right. Then they hire me, gimme another check. Then I'm gonna take that check and get another studio. Flip that studio. Then we gonna be making movies, then we gonna be shooting commercials. And then if you feel what I'm saying, I'm trying to get it on. I ain't nothing wrong with that. Exactly. The Netflix deal. Ooh. What did that mean to you guys? Like Netflix came in and you guys got, you finally ironed it out and like, and you debuted at number one even bigger than the deal.


It was debuting at number one independently. That was, that was the real stamp to let people know it's possible. Right. Not only can we still be independent, have the ownership, but we can still broker a deal with a corporation. Yes. Like net Netflix. They can trust us with a budget. They can trust us to put out a quality product. So I wanted that to parlay some, some more relationships. Right. I want NBC to see it and a, B, C and Fox or whoever, man, we've been working with NASCAR lately. Right. So it's just building that trust. Especially independent. Yes. When, when you could do something like that, you stay independent and you can go corporate too and not mess the money up.


Right. Not say the wrong word or not offend them people and it's all good. They come back. What do you learn most about money? Mm. That you'll never have enough of it. It's a strange relationship with money. 'cause the people who got half a million trying to get to 1 million. The people who got one trying to get to five, the people who got five trying to get 20. The people who got 20 trying to get 50. The 5,100, the a hundred trying to get to 500. Right. The 500 trying to get into a billion. It's a never ending game bro. And plus, there's nothing that you could really do with it. You could use it to do some, but it ain't nowhere that you can. And people like take that shit. And that's what I try to tell people Carlos, people like, man Shannon, you work too much.


I say bro, y'all don't tell Jeff Bezos that he got 200 billion. Yeah. He got more money. Elon Musk. Look at all the wealthiest people in the world. What they do Damn near every day work. Exactly. But you think I got the little bit of paper, the little bit of paper I got. You want me to take time off? Hell nah, nah. I I'm trying to get more. Don't take, I don't need no vacation. I enjoy what I do. See that's what I'm saying. I enjoy what I do. Yeah. I don't have nobody yelling at me. Right. Telling me I need to be back in 30 minutes. It's bro, I'm, I'm living my dream. I'm in it. Right. These, this is the stuff that I prayed for. Yeah. So I would, I I want to do it. I want to be the one who go get the bag and bust it down. And like you said, I got a team too.


I got people who depending on me who don't do nothing else. That's it. So I gotta go get me some and them some, some do some because everybody, like you said, and then once you start looking at the family, you like, oh there go my little niece. Yeah. Then my partner got three little girls and then we, we gotta get some more. Yeah. Yeah. Plus I feel like as black people, we been locked out the out of money too long. I'm still trying to get all the shit they ain't let my granddaddy get. Yep. That's, that's how I'm living. Is it true weed, smoking weed make you smarter? No, it just make you pay attention to details. Okay. That's what I think make you hungry. Yeah. But I think, I think that sometimes the wig can, it is just like having a little highlighter.


All the little things that you miss. You can listen to a song that you've been listening to for 10 years, but if you listen to it and you had little people like niggas it them violins. Yeah. You be like, oh. So that's what they been saying. I never knew what they been saying. Never knew that. Hey y'all. Yeah. I don't think it's like, I don't think it's one of those things that it's like it's, it is not a necessity. Right. It's not something you, I don't feel like you could be addicted to it. There's a lot, there's a lot that goes into that. Could you stop smoking weed for a million dollars? Absolutely. Give here what?


Weeded Absolutely. How long? Forever. Yeah. That ain't enough Forever. Five mil forever? Probably. Maybe, maybe now if you start back, you have to pay the five mil back plus interest. Alright. That's cool. Because I'm sure they got, I'm sure they got some when you get, once you get $5 million. Yeah. They got some over there. That's probably better than weed. Yeah. Yeah. Whatever they got going on, they, they got some better going on over there anyway. You have, you have smoke with celebrities. Yeah. They smoke good weed sometimes. Now I know Snoop got the best, best Snoop do Wiz.


Absolutely. Absolutely. He got this called Khalifa. Kush. Lord have mercy. This might be better than Snoop. Huh? This crazy. This shit's so good. He came here about four months ago. I still got a little piece, a little piece that he left me. I need to get back with him. Yeah. Why, why ain't you just having me drop you off a, you know, a pound or something? I don't know. I don't even know if that's, I don't know. I don't even know. I need to catch up with him. That's, that's fire. Damn. Yeah. That's, that's, yeah. I don't want that. I, I'm glad. Yeah. Who else? It's a lot of people like them dispensary people. Yeah. They don't even be celebrities. They be having like some, some top shelf.


So is the dispensary the best place to go get the weed now you still can go from, go to the man and get it. The man ain't got no good weed now. Street weed still beating it. It's, it is still better than a dispensary. Yeah. If you know the right people. Absolutely. There's some people I know out in California. It is. They some gang members, they got that. See you gotta be able to trust them because they, they lacing it and dipping and everything. Yeah. You got Nah, it is not I'm, trust me man, I will rap. Okay. I I don't want nothing. I no, I I know some people. Yeah, I believe you. I don't, I don't want to know the people. You said you wanted you, you would like to do movies. Yeah.


I don't even, they don't even have to be comedy movies though. I really want play a villain. Want to be a evil motherfucker on like, you know, you watch Law and order something. Yeah. I want to. Yeah. I want one of them. Give me one of them, let me play the villain. Right. I wanna be able to call him, be like, look, you have two hours to get me my money. I'm dreading. That's, that's what I'm on. I ain't gotta be comedy though though. So is there any like I had a couple of comedians on, it's like, look, I ain't wearing no dress. Ain't no. Is there any, is there any role, is there anything that you wouldn't do in a movie? Yeah, I don't wanna do no shit like that either.


Okay. That's why I feel like I've been able to be successful as a comedian. Don't nobody want to me For real. I mean they got people for that. Yeah. Let them do that. Right. Why would you need me in that? No, I don't bro. It is in this entertainment industry. You need black women around. Right. Because sometimes black women can say things without saying it. Right. They could just give you that. I don't know. I don't know honey. I don't know. Y'all, you wearing that. They'll, and then it'll just put you back into perspective because like, no.


Nah, they don't, they don't need me for that bro. Nah. Hell nah. two minutes of fame. Katt Williams, Keke, Palmer, Jess Sinbad, Deon, Cole earthquake. What was that experience like? What was it like to be on that? Because I guess it's like when you, like when like when athletes get together, like when I got, you know, we get together, we go back to the Hall of Fame and we just laugh and talk and reminisce about stuff. So I can imagine it's very similar that when you on the set and there's a lot of other comedians that you guys just, just go at it. two minutes of fame. I'm in there about two minutes. About two minutes. Right. Man, it was, it was cool though, man. It's always cool when you, when you trying to expand your empire.


Right. And you get to throw them little credits on there. I ain't one of the, the main cast members on there. But you ain't. But I took the opportunity Right. To do it. You get what I'm saying? Yeah, I do. I had a day off. They called me. They was excited to have me on set. I came in, I did my thing and I left. I went right back to the ground, bro. I'm right. I'm all about collecting these checks. Man. When I had Cat on, he was one of the, he you were one of the young comedians that he mentioned by name. Right. You see how crazy that is. I've been doing comedy for 20 years and still young and up and coming. Yeah. He say he, he say he loves some Carlos. He love what your guys be doing. Hey man. Well we appreciate that cat. 'cause you let you came on this show and let the chopper sing.


I ain't think you like nobody man. Talk to me man. There was a lot going on this summer. Talk to me about that. With, with Drake and Kendra Lamar. Amen. That's just like, that's, that's a whole nother, that's a whole nother show. That's a whole nother You you, did you see that coming? Did you see that popping off like that? Yeah. Did you, I could see that happening in a lot of places. It's 'cause you gotta keep in mind this is, this is competition. It's friendly competition but it's still competition. So some people they can laugh and play with you because you ain't a threat to them. Right. Then if you, if you step into that, like the ufc, them guys be cool as hell until they step into that octagon.


Right now anything that happen in that octagon Right in these three, four minutes on this round, you either gonna whoop my s I'm gonna whoop yours. Right. And we gonna shake hands when we walk up outta here. But the whole time we in here gonna fight like hell. I don't think they ever like Dre did. You do never liked Dre but the man, but the man done put so many people on. How many people don. I mean think about it, it he too easy to hate on everything going right. Nigga tall light-skinned got curly hair. All the women love him. Mm. All his music good. Got a whole bunch of money. Ain't even from America. He too easy to hate. Mm. Then he got Kendrick Lamar, he grew up like us.


He put his mama van on his album cover. He struggled for real. His daddy drunk asking for the domino. Right. He had to grow up in Compton. Nigga it's rough out. D Drake ain't have no struggle in his life. No. He was doing good in Canada. They dancing with his white friend, Jewish uncle. They having bar MVAs good investments. You feel me? Yeah. His mama family got that check. Kendrick going through it bro. Yeah. He had a rough life. That's too, you don't, you shouldn't, Drake shouldn't have messed with him anyway. You don't, you don't, you don't start no with nobody from Compton.


Compton. Hell no. Mm They been, they been running the rap game since 91. Right. Why would you do that outta all the people to beef with? I'm telling you. Drake, he still Drake though? Yeah, he could drop one. Oh he, he finna drop people. He drop a whole r and b album and don't even worry about no rap no more. He good. But that was, that was very interesting. Big salute to Kendrick Lamar. He took it to another level on that one. The passing of Rich homie Kwan. It really shook Atlanta. It did. What can we learn from that situation to check on your people man, to check on your people. Some don't, nobody never want to have to be that person. You get what I'm saying? Right. To say, Hey man, you might be doing too much or maybe you should stop doing that or maybe you should slow down or chill.


That's, that's what it showed me is sometimes you gotta be that. Sometimes you gotta be the one that step up and say hey, but it lets you know that don't matter where you at in life or you a celebrity or whatever it is. Everybody dealing with something when they go home and close that door. You see what I'm saying? Right. Everybody got them demons or everybody is fighting to stay relevant. So check on your people man. Right. Make sure your people are good. Cardi B responded to one of your tweets when you said that Kanye had fell off. She said Kanye found the Lord. How did that falling off?


Why you, why you bother people all the time, man, I'm not, I'm not bothering nobody. That's it is Twitter, Kanye finding the Lord ain't got nothing to do with that tweet. Now you done brought it up. Now he gonna be back mad. Nah bro. But when I said that I was just speaking from the, from a fan. Right. Like Kanye West. I became a fan when he was, when he was all about like, you know, trying to get on the, in the game. Right. Or when he, when his girl was a Delta. When he was, when he was a backpack rapper. Yeah. When he had some consciousness to the music and then he started just like, you know, not, not to hold him in one space creatively, but you know that was a whole movement for a minute.


I missed the old Kanye. Right. You know what I'm saying? So I, I can't, I don't know about the new. Right. That's not the Kanye that, that I felt, you know, that made me a fan. Some of it's good. Right. But I prefer the old, we could get some college dropout where you had them soulful samples and Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Where you was had the teddy bear mascot and the graduation beautiful, dark, twisted standards. Exactly. Like that's the shit I want to hear and all this new shit with the, the clothes and Yeah. I don't want to, I ain't trying to hear all that snet. You caught some, you caught some flack with the snet when he ain't that crazy. What about all them other tweets where I was showing love.


I just was like, bro, why you, why you in jail? But then they was like, Los, you did a skit in jail. I was like that's not what I'm, whatever bro, you can't win with the internet. No you can't. That's why I get on there every day and I'm making it a point to piss 'em off. I'm not trying to be politically correct. Whatever they do, ain't nobody going to do nothing. What type of father are you? I think I'm a damn good father. I gave my son all the advantages in life. My son is six four, he get out a 4.0. You ain't give no athletic ability. My son is play basketball. He got it from mama. Alright.


He got the band. He in the band too now. He got the band from his mama. He, he, he's a dope musician. Okay. So he play a few instruments. Right. And my, my son real chill bro. You hand are you hands on? Absolutely. Absolutely bro. Like me and my son got the dopest relationship 'cause it's, it is not like I'm not James Evans. You get, I'm not James Evans though. I'm not, I'm not hard on him all the time. Or I push him and I try to, I try to give him the option to pick. Right. You know what I'm saying? So I, I'm, I love being a father bro. It make me wish that I would've had more kids.


'cause at this point it's just so fun and, and but you can No, I mean like I wish I would've had more in that time period. Right. Well you can go ahead and start now. You try to get me to have some I will. I'm not scared of kids. Kids don't scare me. Bet you ain't gonna do it though. I am. Wait you maybe next year when I might. That girl them pretty ass. Well I might do it if you do it. Pull up man. Damn doc do it. I ain't got nobody like that. Yes you do. I ain't got nobody for 18 years. Man. You got that good insurance. It is pretty good though. It damn good. Come on man. What we doing?


Come on man. You defended Ja after he get his second, after Ja got his second incident with the gun, you defended him. Yeah. You said man, you can't walk around. I defend him right now. You can't walk around Memphis without keys. You cannot walk around Memphis without no fire. Everybody know that. Everybody know that but, and he from South Carolina. You can't be in South Carolina. This the south. Everybody got that fire. We love some fire down here. We are Second Amendment. See a lot of black people. They, they like some of that shit they be saying. But we second amendment bro. Yeah. We love Jesus. Yeah. We love some gun football and some food that's top five in the south, bro.


Hey ja Marin ain't did nothing wrong. But y'all could have security though. No he can't. Even if you got security, you still need that found on you. Nah, I ain't going nowhere. I need that fire. Oh, you going outside? Yeah. You need that fire everywhere you go. No, I'm going outside to go to the airport. I'm going outside. I'm going outside the airport's. So gangster. The airport's so gangster. You can take your fire, check your fire, get it when you get off the plane. Take it everywhere you go. I don't, that's what America was built on bro. I can't wait for him to come back. Madam VP in the interview say she got that stick too.


Exactly. And say, Hey, run up in there if you want to.


Exactly. Are you ready to have your bacon Love in mind? Blown. Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious, thick cut bacon. Most other bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let's put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon wouldn't be finished smoking. You could spend the morning and all afternoon watching the Lord of the Rings trilogy in full. You could even go to bed, get a full night's sleep, wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then drive to work and to think that the bacon would still be smoking. The point is, all of these take at least half a day to complete. And Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from way downtown Deep fits. Will the owner Of a red sedan please visit guest services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what's your Restrictions and limitations. Apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


This fall watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months. Then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Everybody gotta have that fire man. Not that you want to go out here and be ignorant. Right. It's just to protect yourself. Yeah. And sometimes when people know you got that fire on you, they leave you alone. They'll leave you alone. They leave you alone because they don't know if you crazy as they Yeah bro. I'm letting mine go. I promise you I ain't, I'm a small man. I'm scared. I'm scared every time. Every time you look at me crazy, I'm scared. I'm scared. Somebody raised their boy. You whaty holler for bow pow bow. I ain't, I'm Uhuh whole thing and there ain't gonna be no accident. When they asked me, well why you shooting so many times? I was still scared. I'm letting the fire go. Every time you College Hill, you always get into it with Swaggy P me and Swaggy P Stay into it.


Oh Lord. Oh Lord. Albert, I told Swaggy P to shut up and dribble. I had them people on college here. 30 ain't hot at me man. They wanna play politics. I it ain't political. Right. Some things make sense. Right. Some things don't make sense. Right. But you not about to sit here and try to act like these are my problems. They're problems. Right. And they need legit solutions. Right. They're not my problem. Right. That's all I'm saying. Do you get upset that black China didn't know who you were? Why wouldn't I? Why would, why would, why would I be upset about that? Do you know who you knew who she was? Right.


Bro. I done black China done came on while now two or three times. Right. Okay. She, I knew exactly who she was. She was a whole nother person then. I knew the old her. Right. You don't, you didn't know Angela. I dunno, Angela, I never knew Angela. Right. Yeah. Do you ever worry about getting canceled? How they gonna cancel me? They didn't put me on. You didn't make me so you can't break me. Wow. Plus I'm a comedian. They could cancel me on the internet all day, all day. I done been canceled by every, by the Nicki Minaj fans, by the rainbow folks, by the white people.


I done had the Republicans. I done had the NRA, the NBA, the NFL, the streamers casting. I love casts now. My son put me up on that. All I was saying like, bro, your platform huge right now. Don't be a black man in jail. Right. But then I watched it and I was like, nah, it, I thought it was real jail. Right. It is so much other shit. I don't but big salute all them. Right. So I know I don't care about no being council, bro. Plus when you a comedy, when you are a comedian and then you go to the show, the people who come to these shows, they don't give a damn about what's going on on the internet. Right. There's just some giggles that I be having in my house and they think that I'm sitting here serious. I'm really sitting in my drawer eating fruit loose or something.


Just on the internet talking. The big thing is that a lot of what we were talking about, Kat and a lot of comedian that's come on my platform is joke stealing. Is that, is that prominent? Yes, absolutely. So if somebody stole, if somebody stole one of your jokes and they say, man, I got this for my boy, Carlos, they, you cool with it? They wouldn't do that. They would, that's not how they do it. They just gonna make it seem like they, that's they joke. Right? They're origin, they're the originator of that. They, I don't even think they even do that. Sometimes comedians just be on stage scrambling and they'll do it unconsciously. And then once they realize that, that's what they done did. They don't, do they call you? Have somebody ever stole your joke if they call it Man, bro, I'm sorry bro.


I, I used, I used something you said, nah, they don't, it don't work like that. They just gonna steal it and keep it moving. But it's kinda just like when rappers rap and you hear a rapper use another rapper, boy you was like, you ain't stealing it, but you did say it. Right. You get what I'm saying? So that's, that could, that could really be a, a thing though. Right. That's a, that's some fist fighting type shit. Especially. Really? Yeah, bro. Comedians fight more than any group of people than I ever been around for that right there. 'cause you gotta keep in mind, this is an individual sport, right? Right. And it's not like good jokes are just, some people don't create at the same speed. So they still, but it's a, it is a group of them, right?


It is a group of Steelers. They still on purpose. They know they stealing 'cause they just, they want it so bad. Not the joke, the the admiration and the Fame and the, you know what I mean? Where people can look and be like, Hey, you one of them ones. Why mean you stole this shit? Being on the road with Mike Ypp some more. Lale Crawford. I've had Lavell on it. He's, he's hilarious. Know Mike A. Little bit. Not much. I would love to have some more. So if you watching this some more I love at you. Yeah man. You got mad at Mike. You can't be mad at Mike. Man. I don't, I don't play like that. Play. Like what? I don't play like that.


That was for real. I was, I was gonna have a conversation with him and say, well I wanted to know why, why he felt like that what he said was okay and he's told me, man, I joke with Shaq all the time. I call Shaq Shrek. I said, Mike, you think calling Shaq Shrek is the equivalent of what you're saying about me? Mm. He like, man, you know what? You right, you right. I said, bro, I ain't got no problem with you bro. I said, but you know how people are very influential. Right? I said, you say that, you said it. Well Mike must know. And then it takes a snowball effect. See I said let me go ahead and let me, you, them other people saying stuff. I don't, I say, Mike, you, I say, he say, but I said I don't care about them.


I say, because they ain't got no weight. I say, but you, you've been in this thing 30 years. You've been in major movies, you different them other clowns. I don't pay them no attention. You gotta give everybody the same grace. Well you know that's, that's part of it though. Everybody ain't playing. Yeah. And see, and that's what I told him. I say Mike, sometimes people hide how they truly feel in jokes. I say there's a little truth. Hey there's a and what joke to you might be death to somebody else. So be careful. You Right. That's why you gotta keep that fire too sometimes.


Sometime motherfucker ain't playing. You don't never know. You don't got to. Man. It's different. It's different because like you said, sometimes when you, when you bullshitting and you joking, everybody ain't joking about some. And that's the thing you have to know when people, you have to know when pe everybody don't joke. And that's why my grandpa say, boy, everybody don't joke. Like you joke. Right. So you have to be, you have to understand Carlos, I came from a different era. Men didn't play like that. You couldn't call somebody that. Right. They would fight you on site. On site. Now We don got everybody like, oh he is, no, no, no, no bro, don't play with me like that because do I strike you as a guy that play like that?


And I said, Mike, if you saw you, what you saying? If you saw me in person, you would never say that to me bro. All them dude that be talking like that. What you think the likelihood of everybody that you heard say something comedian and all. If they saw me face to face, that's what they would start with. Hey man, I'm sitting here with you. I Hey bro. They wouldn't say that. No, you a big dude bro. Oh, I don't bother nobody. See that's the difference. I, I bother people. I stupid I with people. I, I I don't IAnd some man. You do. I do. But you try to get me in some stuff. No I don't.


Yeah, you do this not live. Yo. You killing it. You did it ain't you did a 30 minute special on Kevin Hart's laugh or what is it? Laugh out Loud. Oh, I forever love Kevin Hart, bro. Kevin Hart of G Kevin Hart getting so much paper that took work. He worked over there. Right. What we was talking about. No, he gave me a fat check for that. Yeah. I'm talking about soon as I got done, I ain't have to wait. It wasn't in the mail or nothing. He just had to lay and walk up. Woo Lord, let me go and get up outta here. Hey, you need 30 more minutes. Absolutely, absolutely bro. Kevin Hart a real one bro. Real for real. And for him to have a platform for him to be getting as much he on Rockstar status for sure.


For him to even give a damn about what anybody else got going on. He picked a handful of comedians that he liked, that he personally selected him and his team. And they was like, bro, we believe in you. We want you to rock out. No restriction. Do what you do. And and at that particular moment it was the perfect time bro. Wow. So Kevin Hart. Yeah man, that's my dog. And he and he got a lot of dope cars, so Oh he does with that? Yeah. He got, he, I mean no, he, he got car cars. Absolutely. I ain't talking about no Ferraris and stuff like that. He got old school. I'm talking about old school built. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If they were to do a Kings and queens of comedy today, who would they select to do the Kings of comedy and the queens of comedy besides us?


85 7. Yeah. How many I can get to pick bro? How many were the kings of comedy? Were four people. So I get to pick four. Yeah, four. I see. Like you became of comedy school wasn't for you. I'm not, I'm just saying I'm trying to get the parameters right. You get four, four Kings and four queens. Yes. Alright. Okay. I'm gonna keep it all the way real bro. I think, I think Lil Rell one of the funniest comedians like of this whole generation. Like I think that dude funny as hell. I do Lil Re I'm not including me Chico d I'm not putting this in there LilRel.


Who else? Maybe like look, damn, this gonna be the whole Chicago I'm where you gonna put DED on in there? I was gonna put Dion and Corey. But that's whole, that's the whole Chicago, that's whole Chicago. But Atlanta and Chicago always had the best comedians to me anyway. I don't know this hard. It is this hard because I be, I be thinking like Kobe Bryant bro. I don't really just be sizing up the competition. I just be like, line 'em up, we'll take over everybody. What about for you women? Lemme see one of my, I gotta put my baby mama on there. Ashima Franklin, she'll be on there. Okay.


And then I put just N on there and then I put Paris Sasha on there and then I put shit maybe like Kelly Kes on there or Zay Nab. Okay. Zay Nab. She funny as hell. It is a lot of funny ass women. But on the king side bro. I I like, I like Lil Real. I like my boy damn fool outta Chicago. Damn. You don't wanna pick nobody but outta Chicago. Huh? Them my favorite comedians bro. Shout out to all the Chicago comedian. Lemme see. I put my boy like, like James Davis, Sidney, I just named some niggas.


Who else? Man, you put me on the spot. I wouldn't expect him if you'd ask me no like that. My boy Ali Sadique. Okay. I like my boy Ralph Barber bar Ralph Barbosa. Okay. He funny as hell. Who else? Man, it's a lot of 'em though. It's a, it's a gang of comedians that I like man. It's a like Haha. Davis. Yeah. Mojo Brooks another Chicago comedian country Wayne? Yeah. I definitely put Country Wayne on there. I put you only got four spots. You ain't gonna put nobody else on there. The Kings bro. I put everybody on there. It'd be a marathon.


I put all of 'em on there. If we sit down five years from today, how different is Carlos Miller of life gonna be? What will he be accomplished in the next five years? Hey man, I'm, Hey really? I'm gonna be funnier, be finer. I'm gonna have a little more paper. Probably be driving around in something, you know, a little bit more spiffy. You know, just that, that, that, that that cute. That girl she gonna be gone. No she ain't, she probably be having, she might have number two in there. What number two and number three. Oh, I'm telling you, if I, if I get in the club, I'm shooting the whole club.


Oh man. The whole club. Whole club. 5, 5, 5, 5. All that whole club. She just that bad. She bad off the rip. Off the rip. Oh my goodness. I'm telling you, she one of the ones, bro, she from the country too, but they ain't got a mosquito bite on it. Just club shahe do not what? Condone Yes you do. No, I'm gonna be on line with a There you go. I'm on it. It's it, it's too soon. No, it's too soon.


I need about two more months. Let two more months pass. Oh no, it's out man. It's out. It's out. You keep breaking it up. So I'm, that's what I gotta do. I got, I would've had me a sock bill 'cause I would've knocked the phone on the floor. They would've at least saw my socks my got me some socks coming out. Man, they need to get, yeah, you know what? I should get them grippy socks. I heard they got some grippy socks. Oh man. You heard about them. They got grippy socks, waterproof blanket, all that. I would've got all that. I know. Grippy socks. Yeah, grippy socks. Kick your boy out. They will. You got anything to promote? What you promoting? You know we got a app. We got channel 85, but we dropping all our exclusive content, man. So download the app and support that. We on tour right now, big business Mic Chico in DC selling out arenas, man.


15,000 seaters. Wow. Yeah, we we busy bro. Bro, we trying to double back. We think we gonna do another Netflix joint. Everything. 85 south. Bro. If you, if you looking for me or you need some laughs, 85 South Carlos Miller. I'm coming auditions, TV shows, got some movies in the, in the works. People always say that. But you never, never see the movies. Right. These ones really coming out. They're coming out. Yeah. They really coming out. Carlos Miller with a k. Appreciate you brother. Love Plus. Yeah man. I'm gonna go on. Get on up outta here. Yo, I'm take this shit. You don't need none of this bro. Go ahead bro. You good. That's you All my life. Been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice. The all my life. I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll D. The all my life I've been grinding


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Kevin Hart here. This basketball season, chase Freedom Unlimited is helping me cash back on everything. Even this sound system that auto tunes the game Curry from Way Downtown Deep Fit. Will the owner of A red sedan please visit guest Services. Bet you've never heard cash back and sound like that. Cash back like a pro with Chase Freedom Unlimited. Chase make more of what chores Restrictions and limitations apply cards are issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC.


Hey, who doesn't love bacon? And did you know Oscar Myy smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect a smoky flavor and even longer than it takes to go on a long road trip from Chicago to Pittsburgh. Stop for food along the way and still get there while the bacon is smoking. The point is Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hardwood chips. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now.