
Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. I mean, you and Ben got into a little, little situation. Me and Ben or me and Joelle. You. No, you Well, you and B. You and Joelle And. we all affiliate. Yeah, all affiliates. All right. Because you and Joelle was, I mean, I think you were on the floor and then Ben somehow ended up on top of you and y'all was going back and forth. And then you, and you and Joel, Joelle be trolling everybody. Joelle be going at everybody. So how did that start? How did you and Joelle end up? Obviously y'all big, y'all battle each other on the court, but how did it end up going to social media? It just, just competition. I think that moment just happened with so much competition happening. Two guys who feel they're the best. Right. And prove it against each other. I think that it's just competition.


I, I, I, I don't think anything, me and Joelle talked about it. We, it's kind of funny. We just laugh about it at this point. Now, When you go into the game and you playing against Joelle or you playing against Anthony Davis or you playing against Joker, are you playing against any of the, the bigs, let's just say they're five bigs. Yeah. Do you go in there like, I'm sure I'm showing everybody tonight. You know, You always, I would think anyone would be lying if they say they wasn't a, a little extra juice for that game. But I approach every game as if Joker and B Anthony Davis is out there. You know, I'm not gonna just take it Light. Right. You don't take a night off. Nah, nah, I can't do that. Like, that's not how I work.


So, Because they're in the NBA too. 'cause anybody, and this is what I tell people about the NFL anybody, no matter what you think anybody in the NFL can make anybody else in the NFL look bad. They're in the NFL. Yeah. They get a check too. Yeah. So a guy that just because he's not Joel and Bead, oh he'll hang 25 and 10 on you and they're like, well man, KAT gave up 25 and 10 to a guy that Exactly. So you have to be on your best behavior. Yeah. Every single night. Every Night. Every night. And also just for the love of the game. Love of competing. Yeah. Like if you love competing, you're not just going out there to competing only against the other best of the best. Right, right. You know what I'm trying to say? You go out there and you could compete every single night. So every time I step on that court, I want to go, you know, not only get a win, but show, you know, put on a show for the fans who maybe a little kid, this is his only time to be able to come watch a Timberwolves game.


And this is the only game, NBA game he's ever watched or his first NBA game. Or whether it be, you know, funds are tight and this may be the only game you see all year in the next four years, five years, two years, three years, 10 years, whatever it is. I wanna just bring my best to the court so I could obviously get us a win. But also so I can be the best version for, you know, whoever may be there. Also for my family as well. Who are watching. You gotta face, let's just say for the sake of argument, you gotta face Joker on a Monday. Okay? You got Joelle on two, you got Joelle on Wednesday. Okay. And you got Anthony Davis on Saturday. I'm playing all three games. You playing all three. Oh oh, okay. Yeah. Oh, you ain't take No.


Why? Why would I take a day off? What's your, what's your mindset? Because each guy brings poses a little different threat. Absolutely. You know, with Joel and B, you may have to worry about the files. You also worry about that mid-range. Pull up from the Dallas action at the free throw line with ad you worrying about the old post up full court put, put his hands up, does a spin, gets to AlleyOOP dunk or you know, he hits you with that Jabbar step or he hits you with the old Kentucky special. Right, right. Midblock goes left, goes baseline, shoots the right hand floater and one, and also with Joker, you know, you worry about the passing just as much as you worry about him scoring, you worry about him affecting the game. So he gives, he gave me, not saying they're the same player, but both highly respectable in their own regards.


But like Marcus Saul, when I was younger regarding Marcus, Saul, everyone asked me who's the toughest. And I felt Marcus, Saul was because just so much, how much he impacted winning for the team, his passing, his scoring, but just let alone the way that he facilitates the ball causes a lot of problems. Right. So they all present different, different expertise and games in their craft and it's fun. That's the whole point, right? Being as a competitor, it's fun to be able to have a week like that. Right. Where you're playing the best of the best And. we get to go out there and, and and play basketball at this highest level. I think that's the fun part. I don't Know though, KAT, it seem like you be juiced up a little bit more when you play ad because you be trying to, okay. You the number one pick.


I was the number one pick Kentucky Boys. Yeah, yeah, for sure. You had a little bit. You add a little extra season into it, cat. I ain't ain gonna lie. You do you know it too. Yeah. I just go out there and I try to win. Man it something I, Hey, it don't matter. Just anyone who steps on the court. You wanna compete. Right. Play the best. And then off of course, you know, there's History and Staples Center, you know, you wanna play well at Staples Center. I know it's crypto now. I can't even look at it the same time. Yeah. I can't look at it like as Crypto Staple Center. Yeah. People just, people still call it, a lot of people still call it. Yeah. Maybe not publicly, but they still say privately it's Staples For sure. Yeah, for sure. Best big in the game right now. If, if they say, okay, KAT best big right now playing basketball, We got so much good.


Begs now in the NBA. It's a blessing. I mean you would probably have to say Joker. No, I ain't gotta say, I mean, you play, I don't play. I think they're all great. I mean, I'm gonna put the forearm in the back of the hole there. You, I ain't gonna, they might spin the joke on me, but they back. Nah, I feel that Man Joker is incredible. I think Joker three time MVP, Joel and B is amazing in his own regard. Especially he's mastered the craft I think of scoring in, in a, in a different way. Right. You know, and ad too ad's impactful defender, but also, you know, ad get going, you know?


Yeah. It could be a, he could be a bad night. He can give you 40 and 20. Yeah. Yeah. Quick, Quick too. And he'll give you five blocks on the side too while he is at it. So public opinion. I, I think, I think public opinions, everyone's gonna have their own opinion. Right. I think to say the best, I think, I think these guys are really good. Right. It's really good. I I I respect them. I, it's funny when you get to watch 'em and you get to play against 'em, but also when you watching 'em as a, as a fan of the game of basketball as a art, right. When you get to watch 'em guys, you know, those guys do what they do best. It's really cool. Just like Steph Curry. Oh yeah. As a shooter.


That was incredible to watch in the Olympics. If I put down you beat Steph in a three point competition, I'll give my best shot for show. I give my best shot for show. He's the best shooter that's ever lived. Hands down. It's crazy. Its hands. You watch these last two games against Serbia and your friends a Abe. I ain't never seen a man that made me get off my ass on the couch and go shoot, start shooting basketballs now that was crazy. I was like, you know, for me to have played against, I was telling my girl, I said to watch Steph do what he did against France.


It kind of like I've played against what you say, prime vintage Steph. Yes. And it was so much talent he had, but to watch what he did against France, that was like vintage stuff at his most polished version, expert level. And it wasn't like he was just making shots by talent. It was making shots off of just calculated precision. Yeah. Yeah. Just, just, I'm gonna, I'm gonna shoot the ball four different ways. Four threes. I'm gonna give you four different types of shots and I'm just gonna show you how well I shoot the ball. I mean, the first one he gets pull up, boom. You little, little first one. But the first one was just more of like a straight shot.


Right. Straight through shot. Second one, he gives you kind of the pump fake brings it here, gets in to the pocket, you know what I'm trying to say? A little hit shot. Fuck. Then he give you the third one. It's a Huh? Step to the left. Yeah. And I'm gonna give you this set shot three boom. In the fourth one he just freestyle, Which over two he Freestyled. He freestyled on that one. That one was crazy. I mean, think about it. He hops steps to the right, aligns his shoulder, flicks it. Fuck it. Like Right. That's special man. Like as a shooter, just the, the absolute expertise he put on as a shooter right. Was If you hit something like that, or let's just say for the sake of argument, KAT, you hit something, you hit a couple of shots like that, you get one going late in the shot clock, boom, you hit it.


Go. Now you, hey they come, you sidestep and let it go. You hit one. Hit a couple of like, let's just say you hit three threes in the first. You know, you gotta go on that night. I had 62. I Had 62 when that was happening. So, So do, can you get enough shot? Because now, 'cause now you like, 'cause I'm sure everybody's telling KAT, you got this many, go get 70, go get 80. I ain't gonna lie to you. I was just trying to put points. I I Was just trying, anytime I touched the ball, I felt so the game felt so easy and relaxed to me. I was just trying to score put us up a lot. I was hoping that, you know, we get up by a lot of points and I would just be able to sub out the game. Right. I was hoping I didn't even have to get 60 'cause we was winning by so much.


Right. Now you got me thinking about Steph Curry again. I I, I spent, I spent most of my day on that day when they played France. I think it was Saturday, right? Yeah. I spent the next four hours just doing the moves and shooting the ball. Like I know I could shoot like this possibly. I know I could do. He, he, he shot so well, he made me forget I could shoot. That's how well he shot. I was like, yo, that's crazy. One day I'm, I was like, wait a minute, I I could do this too. Hold on a second. Lemme go out there And work on this real quick. Right. I mean that was, that was spectacular. Lemme ask you this. Give me five bigs you would like to play against in any era.


Hakeem a lajuan. Okay. I gotta go with someone. I mimicked a lot of my gamer after Sam Perkins. Okay. Shout out to Sam Perkins. Kareem Aldo Jabbar. Okay. I really wanted to play against too Wilt Chamberlain. Okay. You know, I just feel like you see Kareem Yeah. Play, but you don't really get too much footage of Wilt playing. No. So like, you know, to see the, the myth, the legend playing in person Right. Would be really cool. I was, I was talking to one of my friends about this. I was, I was really one, maybe Bucher Dave Bucher. Yeah. Okay. From the Knicks. I, I just, there's something that's so poetic about his game.


I think that's really cool. IIII really would like have to been able to be in person and guard, you know, guard these people, be able to play and, and you know, iron sharpens iron. Just be able to see greatness in front of me and be able to guard and show how great I am. And also at the end of the day, be able to watch that tape and learn from it is something that I think would be really cool. So those kind of guys, I mean, Willis Reed, we could keep going down the list. There's a lot of people down in history that if I was honored and blessed with the opportunity to play basketball against 'em, that I would be blessed. But one day we'll all meet up, we'll All meet up on the, On the court up there and we'll be able to hash it out. We get, we sell it. Yeah, for sure. You see the scoring?


I think the night that you scored 62, was it Luca or Joel and B scored? Joel And B got 70, Got 70. And then Luca came back a couple And, we talked about it after. He was like, I was in the halftime. They said Carl Right here. He said, damn, he gonna beat me tonight. And then I think a, a night or two later, Luca had got 73 or something like that. We all know the great Will has the record of a hundred. We know Kobe has 81 and there have been like, I think Will got 78 and a couple of people got 73, 75. Do you think we'll see somebody break that a hundred point in your while you're playing? Will somebody get a hundred? I don't, I don't know.


That's gonna be tough. I've seen a lot of people get 70. I've seen someone get 70 in the NBA and I seem like that's probably the highest we could do. That's ano because Luca need another 2070. Exactly, bro. And he was hitting everything. So it's 27 more points. I don't think there gonna be enough free throws out there and players to get these free throws done. So I don't know. I'm gonna, I I can tell you one thing though, UNC, I'm gonna have a hell of a time watching it happen. Possibly. Right. And seeing, seeing you Better. Hope it happened against you though. A hundred points. A hundred points old. Like, well, like my UNC Darryl Dawkins said, I'm gonna go foul someone before they do. So like that Magic Johnson business advice Magic Johnson said he had lunch with all those Lakers season ticket holders to pick their brains and to learn how they built their wealth.


Have you done anything like that, Carl? Because obviously you made a boatload of money, you're making money and obviously you hear everybody talk about building a brand, but everybody wants to, to accumulate this. I don't know, whatever you wanna be, do you wanna own a franchise, be it NFL NBA, whatever the case may be. What have you done to make sure that Carl Anthony Towns is maximizing his ability, not he has this type of money and to maximize his earning potential off the court? Listening, being able to utilizing the relationships and the, and the friendships I've made and and just learning their intellectual capital. Yes. And also saying the word no a ton.


You know, I think that, I think that's the hardest one too. Yeah. I think that, you know, when you're blessed with this opportunity to have this kind of financial security, you a lot of times wanna take care of everybody. You wanna be able to be the person that takes people outta situations and stuff. But you, you could lead people to the pond. You, but you can't fish fordom too though. Right. You know, so just learning to say the word no I think is the biggest thing that I've definitely has helped me garner even more wealth. Right. Shout out to the amazing people who've taught me so much from junior bridgeman to magic Johnson. Yeah. Yeah. Man. To people like that. You know, you talked about franchising first.


I mean, there's no one better than junior bridgeman at it. Right? So just saying the word nodo, you know, there's a lot of bad investments to be made and when you don't have the word no in your repertoire, you're gonna continue to say yes and you're gonna just keep throwing money at things that, you know may not make money back from the ones you lost. So, right. Well, well you have to put limits on it. KAT. You have to put limits on what you give because takers will never put limits on what they take. That's Fine. Does it hard, is it hard to say Record dial? Write that down so I can take that later. Is it hard because a lot of times KAT people that have been around us before KAT had this financial security.


Yeah. When KAT was growing up, there were people around KAT that didn't know KAT was gonna become this. And you like, does it get hard to tell tho because it's, it's easy to tell people No, that just came in in the last 10 months. Right. The last five or six years. It's easy to tell them those. It's the ones that have been around KAT for 20 plus. I've been blessed to have a great support system. Amazing parents obviously, and an amazing sister where I've been able to have a support system that supported me in the decisions I had to make. And some of them were tough, you know? Right. Be, have to say no to some people. Right. So it's tough, you know, like I said, you, you're the first of your gen of your family's history to be able to do this kind of job and to be able to accumulate this amount of money, financial security, the blessing be to God.


But, you know, with it comes a lot of responsibility and I think we both understand that. Yeah, absolutely. So you want to help everyone, but you can't also live the life for them. Right. You know, so You can help some, but you can't save everyone. No. You've had a relationship. 50 Cent Liquor is the official sponsor of Spirits of the Timber Wolves. Arod we know, obviously know the baseball player, but he's a minority owner of the timber wolves. Yep. And I think you had a, you went to a Floyd Mayweathers gym Yes. Three guys that have been very, very successful in their chosen professional profession, but then parlayed that into business. Yes.


What did you learn from some of those guys being around them, talking to them, picking their brain? I think it was the things I was talking about, like building relationships and, and, and utilizing these moments where we have a, a jersey on to be able to learn. Like I said, intellectual capital is something that's, has a tremendous amount of value. Yes. Where we come from and, and you know this like you only know what you know. Correct. But to hear people who are doing it at the highest level and they're teaching you, and it may be even something as simple as just a different way of thinking about business. That business could change lives and it could change your portfolio. It could change the way you look at business and also garner you a ton of money.


So I just, I just spent a lot of time just listening, listening to these super smart individuals who have it figured out in their crafts. And like you said, and I think those three people have taken the moment where they were being the best at their profession and utilized it to build relationships and also garner knowledge for their next, the next career. And I think that they've, they've done an amazing job. I mean, to even hear 50 Cent a Rob, two people. I was back my way East coast in New Jersey, I'm like going crazy for, I remember going out my way to go get some G Unit shoes in Jersey and have the the four XLG unit sweatsuit type thing.


Yeah. And Arod, you know, doing whatever it took to get an Arod jersey in my collection. I mean, it's crazy to be able to call these people business associates, but also friends In the conversation that we were just having, you was talking about what you learned from 50 and Arod and Floyd Mayweather. Yeah. Four times. I don't know if you noticed, you used the word relationship. I don't think people realize that among enough is that business is about relationships. Yes, It is. It's a trust of each other to get the job done. It's about, and sometimes it might not. The business that you could potentially do might not happen then.


But he said, you know what man? You know that dude Carol Anthony Townes, man, I was talking to him about four years ago and he was interested in doing something. I think he would be great for this project. There's kindness goes a long way. It does. And and you know, I always feel that good people always win in the end. So just being a good person, you know, being a man, a a, a man that walks to faith and talks to faith. I think that is for me, has worked tremendously in my career outside of basketball and, you know, numbers say what they say about me playing basketball and I've been thank by, you know, I can't thank God enough for this ability to have that kind of financial security in my job.


And from the contracts I've been able to garner for my talent, that's been God given. But for me to be able to translate that also off the court and make a ton of money off the court, you know, with that kind of knowledge as, you know, I gotta give all credit to my parents. They taught me how, how to shut up and listen. So Shout out to them. What are some of the things, obviously you have, you've made a lot of money, you're gonna make a lot more money. What are some of the things, what are some of the things that, that KAT likes to buy? What is what, what is, what is a, like your first purchase when you got your, when you signed you the number one draft pick and you know you gonna get X amount of dollars. What was the first thing KAT bought? I paid the mortgage off for my parents for show.


Okay. So now I got a place to stay no matter what happens. Right, right. No matter what happens. We good, we Good. I can come back home and get right There. Exactly. Other than just for myself. I kept it, I kept it simple. I mean, I think the first thing I real, I love golf, so I just bought myself a Scotty Cameron. Okay. I bought myself a Scotty Cameron. And That's a long ass Scotty Cameron. Right. Man, you self was A Hey, I still use the same putter To this day. Come on. I kid you not kid you not love that putter to this day. And I, I bought my, I bought me that and I, I think it was an Xbox You an Xbox.


I was cooling. That's, it was, that was cooling. I had that. I, you know, I love watches as we, you Clearly you love watches. That's a very special, that's a vintage Paul Newmany has on later than your Oh Man. You know, I love watches, but Cars. You a car guy. I'm seven foot. What car Am I getting in? Yeah, you Yeah. I told, I said, I told, I told my friends, I said, it's crazy. I, I I worked so hard in my life to get the finances that I have. And now when I got it, I can't get Anything. Yeah, you got, you gotta get a SUV. Yeah. A SUV. That's It. You can't get no sports Car. No nothing happened. I know Shaq pulled off the custom Lambo. I ain't pulling that off. So I, I I'm gonna stick to my little, my little SUV and that's it.


I'm cool. It, I'm good. Lemme ask you this. Give me your New Jersey. Mount Rushmore. You got Shaq, Kyrie, Dennis, Robin, Jr. R Smith, Rick Barry, Mike bi, you Bam. And Jalen Brunson get four heads. You even put Diamond Mitchell in there too. Okay. Put him on there. All I know that's, that's an extra person that's gonna get left off Probably. Boy, hey, I mean, for me personally speaking, I I I'm not gonna put myself in there. Okay. 'cause I like, I like to like people speak for me.


Put me in that. Yeah. That put speak for me. Like you said, Shaq someone who been such a, an integral part of my life watching basketball, but also from Jersey. Just motivating Kyrie, I think Kyrie's the best I've ever seen in my life playing in Jersey like that. How about two more spots? About seven people left. Ain't no twins on Mount Rushmore either. Right. Growing up for me, Kyrie was one of the best players I've ever seen.


And then JR Smith was right there. So I used to go to the game. So for me, I'm gonna have to go with JR R Smith. Okay. And then I honestly, like I said, this is my opinion, this is just what my own two eyes have seen these people do. I'm gonna give it to my old teammate, KA Kyle Anderson when he was over there at St. Anthony's and never lost. Really? I've, he was one of the, I've never seen someone who could hit you with such a slow crossover And if you fall For it every time. Oh, oh yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. I'll give it to, to Ka Ka was one of the players. He never lost a game. Wow. So I'm like, I said, I'm gonna go with my Mount Rushmore.


'cause I need to see it with my own two eyes. Like General Patton said, I don't want you to tell me I need to see it. So. Right. I just, my own two eyes, C four people do something magical in Jersey that seemed impossible for us. You know, maybe New York had a different, you know, that had a different feel. But Jersey was something that kind of was a, the thought I'm about to ask you that. So I feel like better basketball State Jersey or New York NYC Hey, Rucker Park is big time in New York, Jersey got a lot of skill. We got a lot of dudes with skill. I Just, I didn't wanna know. I'm always gonna go with my city. Okay. I gotta go with my state Jersey.


Okay. I got to, that's home cooking. That's home cooking. Like I said, with my own two eyes. I seen people who may not be in the NBA or we may not know, Do some cook. A lot Of people. And I seen also being in New York so much playing at the Gauchos gym and growing up with Ka and seeing what he was doing. Like of course I'm gonna go with Jersey all day, every Day. When you growing up, were you a Knicks fan or a Nets fan? Knicks. Damn. And I love the Nets. Yeah. I used to go to Nets. My, my mom's job, she worked at Rutgers at UMD and J and they used to give her some free tickets sometimes. And I used to go watch the Nets. And I remember this was the Jersey Nets, right.


New Jersey Nets. Vince Carter, Ken Martin. Right. And Jason Kid, Richard Jefferson. People who've Old Carry Kittle Carried Kittle didn't even realize Kyle was the coach. I didn't even know that till I got older. Now I'm with him and I'm like, wow, I was seeing you on the sideline. But I'm seeing these NBA players that I'm just in awe of watching them. Right. The art they're putting on for us. And I love the nuts. I just, Knicks was a, was different. 'cause my mom, when she immigrated over from Dr, she always went to the Knicks games. And when she had a chance and took my sister in, I just, I love my mom. So she told me that was her. And then my, and also the Knicks were one of the few teams that gave my dad a chance in NBA as well.


Right. We were training camp with them. So you gave my dad a chance. My mom grew up talking so much about Madison Square Garden, the history that comes with it. So I, of course was impressionable. And then on that, on top of that and the most impressionable stage of my career when it came to playing basketball, especially as just a kid, I'm seeing Lynn Sanity go crazy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That man Lynn Sanity was going crazy. And, and I don't know which was crazy. Or Lynn Sanity or Tebow Lynn Sanity for me was crazy because I actually could watch it. Right. You know, back in the day you only had a certain amount of, you know, ESPN, maybe you could watch some NBA games, national tv. Right.


And MSG was free our way. Right. So be able to watch the Knicks play on MSG and then watch, you know, the Nets will be on. Yes. So I went with, you know, I had two teams to pick from. And MSG was easiest for me to watch for free. And Lynn Sanity was the hottest thing at the time. So of course I was watching and I was tuned in. When Did you hit your growth spurt? I was always tall. Really? I was always tall. So you was always the tallest kid in the class. Yeah, since I was young. Second grade I was already taller than my teacher. So, So were, were you, were you awkward so you could always, because you know, sometimes Yeah. Kids are, are tall and they're gangly and you know, also Don't know no coordination And stuff.


Right, right, right, right. I was, I I just played so many sports growing up and I used to play a ton of soccer. Okay. So I was playing soccer all the time. And when I was in school and at recess, I was, Ain't no tall ass soccer player's cat. Right. But I was, Hey, When you kids, everyone's Good to go. So I was just, I was just playing all these sports and I was just naturally coordinated. And also I was just getting even better at coordination, you know? 'cause I was just playing all these sports that required different movements, different balance, different everything. So for me, being so tall, it was perfect for me to be experimenting with so many different sports. Right. What made you choose Kentucky? Obviously you had your pick Kentucky dude, Carolina, Kansas, Michigan State, Michigan.


What made you choose Kentucky? You know, it, it came down to I knew what I wanted to accomplish. They had such a great track record with doing that. And at the end of the day, it was just something told my mom that would be the school for me. Right. And she just told me, you know, she was gonna support me in any decision I made wherever I went. But she had a, a good gut feeling about Kentucky. Okay. And she told me, whatever you go pick. And she knew I was kind of choosing between Kentucky, Kentucky, Duke, Michigan State. I loved NC State. Okay. Wow. I had a great visit over there. And Rutgers, you know, I went to come home. She works at Rutgers. It was like a perfect thing to be home.


Especially when you young, you always think going home is the best thing Possible Ever. You get older, you're like, hell nah. I just, you know, I trusted my mom with my life. She gave me life. She had a good feeling about it. I took that into consideration. And when it came down to the day, I just, I had a, I had a good feeling about on that, on that day of, of picking the school that it was gonna be Kentucky would be the best for my life and for my family. And I think I did pretty good decision. How about I do this, I'm gonna take some Kentucky alums, some Duke alums, some North Carolina alums. So Anthony Davis, John Wall Book, D Fox, Shay Gil, just Boogie.


Rondo Murray, Antoine Walker. Julius Randall, Tayshaun Prince Sean Kemp. You Now we gonna go Duke. Christian Lake, Jason Tatum, Kyrie Grant Hill, Zion. Elton Brand. BIJJ, Reddick, Elton Brand, North Carolina. Michael Jordan, James Worthy, Vince Carter, Jerry Stackhouse, Rashed Wallace. Hey. That whole team an Is jumping. She's just dunking everything. Antoine Jameson, Tyler hands, bro. If I take Kentucky, we'll play two out of three Kentucky And. we gonna take everybody in their prime. Kentucky. Y'all beating Jordan worthy? I'm picking Kentucky regardless.


I don't think you understand. Big Blue Nation run bleeds. Blue bro. I mean, y'all, Kentucky. I mean, y'all got Kentucky. You and a you and oh, Kentucky. Okay. Y'all heard that's, Hey, he picked, Hey Kentucky. I'm going with Kentucky all day every day. Wildcat for Life. I don't care who you told me. I'm going With Kentucky. That's what's up. He rep, he rep Kentucky. Good morning. Now, when you were there, Drake came by a lot. What was it? What what? I mean, obviously the camper start buzzing when he was on campus, but what was he like? I mean, he come and he shoot with you guys. Cool man. Cool dude. Like super cool. I, you know, when you, I remember seeing Drake before that at March Madness in Villano in Villanova.


Okay. I think thinking we later just was come, was coming out and could be wrong. But I saw him at Kentucky when I actually ended up going to Kentucky. I was already there. I was on campus. It was my first year. Super cool guy. I, I, I was more, I was surprised to see how humble he was and like to see how ener, you know, to see how for us, when we was, it's March Madness for us, And, we were so we practiced in the morning. We was just like, all right, we gotta get this done. We gotta do this. And to see how hyped and and anxious he was, it made me be like, oh. So even people who are like the most famous artists in the world and people who have their sets and everything so figured out, you know, even they get kind of that anxious feeling and that like, so much energy.


Right. So much, you know, adrenaline going. So I was And. we were all just so calm, like, you know, we just gotta go out there to do this thing, play this game real quick. So it was cool to get to know him there. It's, you know, years later we still talking about how he the biggest artist in the world and doing things that, and breaking records that thought we thought never could be broken even by anybody. Including when you have the name Michael Jackson attached to that record. So, man, it it, it was really cool to be able to have that, like, at such a young age, have that moment where you're like with someone who you, the music and their art you respect so much. Right? Who, who won the rap battle?


Drake or Kendrick? I think we just saw two people going out there and just showing ly lyricism at a high level. I, I love Drake. I've always been a big Drake fan. I've been a Kendrick fan. I love, I respect what he does. I respect his music. I love what he does. I I really, but You can't turn the radio on now without hearing that song. KAT. Y'all gonna be, you know, when y'all, when y'all start winning the game. Yeah. What's gonna be playing over the PA system? They not like us. You know, it's Cubby cat. I don't know. I don't know. But all I know is that I, for me, I have, I respect both tremendously. I'm obviously a big fan friends with Drake.


Right. I think that more of my life has been a soundtrack of Drake's. Right. And that's no offense to nobody. Right. I just think that I've, I've, I've done, I've had more moments in my life that revolved around Drake including when we was in Kentucky. Right. If You, I'll never forget being at being in Kentucky and then all of a sudden getting the group text message going around saying, yo, you saw Drake drop? What you mean Drake drop? I felt, I felt like I was getting played though too. 'cause when I pulled it up it said if you're reading this, it's too late. I said, so am I late or am I on time? Right. I don't know but I just feel like for more of my life, Drake's been the soundtrack to my life more. Right.


Give me a Kentucky starting five of players, current players in the NBA. Current Players in the NBA. Current Players in the NBA. Or you or you can or you can use any. Okay, how about this? I'm gonna make it difficult. Gimme your Kentucky starting five. John Wall ad Antoine Walker. I would love to throw my brother book in there. You Can, you could put you in there. I leave that for the people. Like I said, I'm gonna always keep my name out But that gonna leave Bam off.


I sure hate you left Bam off. I really, Bam. Well we both on, so we both now on the list. I would say as of right now. Yeah. Where we stand, like where they're in the career. I would say book, honestly think our best player that year was Willie Stan. Really? We all, we all want him to win National player the year more than anybody. Wow. So I'm going off of like that. Like right. Kentucky, like he was playing in Kentucky. We playing at Kentucky. We, I can't say book 'cause we, he was on the bench. So it's like Yeah if we look at book now. Right. Which we all knew on that team what he could do. That's what that was For show different story.


You leading to my next questions. Did you know this damn book? Hell yeah. Really? Hell yeah. I knew he could do that before he knew he could do that. Then why? Hell, why Ca can they Carolyn put his ass in started. I'm be doing that man. Come on. I'm just saying. I ain't watching the game. I'm not doing it. If you know that he the coach, shouldn't he know that? I think we went with seniority. We had Aaron, Andrew Harrison just won 'em last year. Last year. Got him through all those big shots. I think we, we did. What we did was best. Okay. And, we as a team, we, we always said we were gonna win together. And we were gonna lose together. So. Right. I think that what we see Book doing now, we all knew he could do but also even in NBA, he had to wait for his moment and when he got his moment, That man done dropped 70.


He done dropped sixties. Hey it took him years before he was getting DMPs his rookie year too. But y'all, y'all saw the talent. Y'all saw that Smooth Silk. I mean I Think everyone saw the talent. We all got drafted. No but no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We All got drafted every time he went to those workouts. 'cause we all worked out. It was me, him, DLO, Willie, Colley sign, Keer, Sykes, And. we all was together when we was doing these workouts. And we knowing what people are saying and people already knew what he could do. And we all sacrificed too. 'cause remember we did the platoon system. Right. So it wasn't like, because I was a starter, I was playing the most minutes. Right. You know we was playing half or even less starters than the bench. So some guys would get more minutes on the bench than the starter was.


Wow. That just shows you the sacrifice. That's why I keep saying like to have a team like that, you got nine draft picks and for everyone to come together and say nah, we gonna do whatever it takes to win. Forget what we thought we knew that we needed to do to take our families and be able to feed our families after Kentucky. We just locked into just being the best team we could be and winning. And at the end of the day, winning took care of everything And. we all gotta take care of our families. Do you consider yourself a four or five? I'm Both. I think I could do four or five duties. Right. Okay. Well good. Gimme your top five fours in the history of the game.


Top five. Top five. Dirk Kg. Tim Duncan. Is He a four? What he classify as a four? Tim Duncan. K Dirk. You got Carl Malone. You got Giannis, you got Charles, you got Paul Al. Is Giannis gonna be counted as a four? Yes. Really? That's what we want. I thought he was a, we're gonna count as a three but if you wanna count him as a four, y'all Four, you know damn three. He could be The five for all the way At that point. Brick Lopez just makes it seem like he Really is the fo I would say Car Malone.


Okay. It's gonna be something left off. I'm gonna Be You sure Liz? I love be honest too. I can't tell You can't tell. Stop You bring a bam Three times. I mean you can put yourself on there too if you want to. Nah, like I said, I ain't putting myself, I let people do that. But we got Tim, we got Kg Kg Dirk, we got Dirk, we got Carl Malone. So we only got one more left. So that's either Giannis, Charles, Chris, Bosch, Dennis Roblin.


You know I was thinking in the beginning it was Chris Bosch but Charles Barkley was so special. He was, He was so good. People, people gotta take the time to go back and watch Charles Barkley highlights like don't let TNT pull you still the Shortes. He's the shortest man to end bro. Bro. Not let what you see on TNT fool you bro. That man was a beast. He was legit. He was. He was a beast. Like What? 80? He had a jumper. People don't even give him credit for the jumper he had. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I'm gonna get Charles man. I know he be talking, but yeah, I respect you Charles. Okay, now you sinners, you got Kareem. Kareem, bill, wilt, Shaq, Hakeem Yos. Oh my God.


Shaq, Kareem, wilt. Oh and Moses Malone. If you wanna put him on it, you call him. If you wanna count him as a four, I mean a five. Shaq, Kareem, wilt Hakeem. Shout out to Yoko. I love him but I really gotta say him 'cause I think if not he's, to me, he's one of the best players. I got his picture on my house. Who? Bill Russell. Oh. I love Bill Russell winning his, you see what he did for our game, let alone before we even the podcast back. But just the fact that he won as a player said, let me double back and be the coach too. Matter of fact, let me own the team damn near. Yeah. Be The coach and Be the player and win again. Like we ain't never gonna see, I'm never gonna see another man do this with rings.


Right. With rings on. Just do this with extra rings. No, I, I don't, I don't, I don't. Well I don't even think you can own a team now. No, you have to divest your, your interest. No, and look what he did it too. Yeah. Like that's crazy as shit. Shout out to Yoki though. For sure. Who's your goat? There's a lot of debate they got Jordan. I mean look, it don't have to just be Jordan and LeBron. If you wanna put Kobe in that mix, have at it. But who's Carl? Anthony Towns goat. I, like I said, I'm always gonna speak what I see with my own two eyes. Okay. I can't speak for everything I can. I I wouldn't be able to.


But man, that man bro different. That man bro is something special. So What, what make, what makes him different? Why, why is he different? You played against, like I said, you play against your kid, you go against Giannis, you go against your other League. I've been in the league for 10 years now. Yeah. So I've seen bro, and I've seen bro in so many different stages. Yeah. I feel the LeBron's the best player we've ever seen talent wise. I think he's the best player you could now if you wanna get caught up in chips and rings and all that stuff. That's, that's up to people to debate. But when we just talk about pure talent and tangible size, like to have the be the best basketball player, you gotta have all these different things And look what he's, and look how he's done it with the, the scrutiny, the criticism and everything.


I mean Right. LeBron's the best player. We've seen both hands now he's developed that three point shot really well defended at a high level for all, for all those years. Athleticism was, I don't think, I don't know the best you got in the NFL, I don't know. Could still jump as high as he was doing the best the way he was doing it. Yeah. Speed all that. Like competitiveness. Got the wins. Ron is, Brian is the best basketball player we've ever seen talent wise. Just straight off the rip. He's the best player. During this interview, you mentioned your girl a lot.


You, Jordan Woods is your girlfriend and you met her through a, a mutual friend. So you ain't got no problem. Were were you nervous because you know, sometimes Fred like, Hey ho hey, check the cat bad I got Nah, we was friends for a minute. Okay. We was friends for a minute. Well how did you, so how did you make sure you didn't stay in the friend zone? Because you know, sometimes, oh, that's my friend. Yep. That's My friend. I'm not gonna lie to you. Honestly, aunt, we was really friends and I was really cool doing my other thing and just having her as like the homie really? I was really, I was cool and I Nah, you fooling her. You had a crush of her a long time, but you ain't want to know it. Nah, If I did then obviously I did. Well I just, I just was, I don't know.


I don't know if it was just the fact that I was, we had a good relationship. Everything was cool. It just, I was doing my own thing. I was cool being where I was in life. It just really, everything changed in Covid, you know, and it became more of a, a deeper understanding of each other from a friend spot. Right. Like she had went through something that I was going through and I, like I said, my, my parents taught me how to shut up and listen. So Right. I, I, I'm okay tell, talking to people saying, I don't know. And I, I needed advice and I needed to learn. And she had the knowledge that, That you that, that you need That would be in, that would be the most valuable knowledge and, and, and advice I could ever get at a time when I really, really needed it.


And it brought me, she brought me comfort as a friend into the next phase of my life. Right. And that's something that's, that's really tough to find in situations like that when there's extreme amount of discomfort. And ever since then we was, Y'all been seem like y'all inseparable Man. We you know what? 'cause we was friends. So like it don't feel like, Don't feel like a relationship. Nah, it doesn't feel Like Yeah. It just feel like we just, I'm, we live in life together. Yeah. You know what I'm trying to say. Yes. And I get to do what I wanna do and she's very open to whatever I wanna do. 'cause we already been accepted it as friends.


Right. So it's like we just kind of just, we move seamless, you know? And you know, people say when they say they move as one, it's hard to see it. And I think for us it's just so seamless. We not trying to be anything else than just, you know, each other's safety net. Right. When you are a public figure, obviously she's in the public eye. Is it hard to date publicly because everything Oh, KAT, it was that fashion week. Oh, they were over here and then people start these rumors. Yeah. Because there was a rumor that you was seeing in somebody else. You're like, come on bro. Yeah. I got the baddest shit in the game. Why? Why would I up that up? I'm cool at, I'm good. Life is good for me.


But that gets hard. It's, I mean I think that we both have different, we both lived in the public eye. Right. You know, we both have different things, different rumors, I swear that have been completely false. And, we understand people are gonna go with whatever is the most entertaining. Right. You know, and it doesn't have to be the truth. It just needs to sound the best. And for us, we just, we we know where we who we are to each other. We know where we stand with each other. Right. We know the life we building. So We Not worried about none of that. We just trying to enjoy this moments we got, you know, life is only so long. Right. And, and it's a and and to have this part where you get to live with each other with no aches and pains and you get to live, you know, life at its fullest and enjoy each other's presence at its highest.


You know, I think that's what's making it special for us. We ain't worried about none of that. Right. We just living through each other. We having fun with each other. We just getting the chance to explore the world together just came back from Japan. Like, wow. We just growing as, as individuals. That's the coolest part. Right. We not just like brand's cool, but like us growing as individuals, as a man, as a woman being better versions of ourselves every day through each other. Right. It's, it's pretty special. What about a little a mini brand? Nah, don't hit me with that. Don't Hit me with that. Shout out JT though. Shout out to the new one. But I was, I was just thinking about a like a little mini brandand. A mini brandand. Yeah. A mini brand and did a combination of the two brands together, which mean, you know what that mean, KAT That means I gotta accept my Dominican roots.


But I'm, I'm we good. We in a good spot. Right. Both of us. Happier And. we both know what we want. Lemme ask you a question. How would you have had, I mean, Ja, Jason Tatum, the guy's an all NBA player. He's an all star Champion. Champion on the cover of two two 2K 2K and he had a big feature on him about in Sports Illustrator gonna be In the new Netflix show with Anthony Edwards Yes. In two games. How are you, first of all, are you surprised about how limited of a role and how limited minutes he played and how would KAT have handled that situation?


I, I didn't know. I don't know truthfully what the situation is there, but I know one thing is that I feel for him, he, he was supportive of his teammates, cheered him on be, was willing to come into the game at any moment and, and tried to be the best version of himself. So I feel like for him, he handled it with a, he handled it as a professional. And I think that's what's respectable about him. To have someone, like you said, has all these accolades and just coming off the best year of his career Yeah. To kind of have that moment and to take it n in a harsh way, but to take it as a humbling moment. To take it as a moment of motivation, a mo a moment of, of, of appreciating what he's done.


I I think that he did a great job of just being there for his teammates and doing whatever it was needed by him to win a game. And I win the game, win a gold medal. I got nothing but respect for him. I think he did a so many things, winning a championship, garners a ton amount of respect that he should be, you know, he's warranted. And then going out there, winning a gold medal and doing it. And I definitely think in the, the most difficult way for your ego. I think that gives him a lot more respect. I mean he, he, he warrants a lot of respect. 2028. You interested in being, playing for the Atlanta Olympics? I mean, are you go, I mean us or Dr You could, you could play for Eagle. I'm loyal to the soil. I'm loyal to the soil. I, I promise I be with my mother's country.


So that's been my goal and it was my goal to get us to the Olympics this year. And, we became one game short. Greece got in instead of us. So I don't have anything in my mind telling me to change. Right. So hopefully I'll be seeing everyone in LA home cooking with the Dr right Now. I would love that. That would be first. I think that would be the first Olympics we've ever made too. Right. As a basketball team. Wow. KAT you, you, throughout this interview, you've touched on it, you talk about a lot of the decisions that you made. Your mom was heavily invested in it and you trust your mom to the umpteenth. Yeah. Because you knew she, she genuinely, sincerely had your best interest and she would never, ever steal you, steer you raw when the tragic events happen.


Are you ever gonna be the same? No. I'll be a stronger version than I was. That moment you get stronger. I know. Time wounds, all, all wounds. Time also could just make scar tissue. So I just kind of have a scar there. But I became stronger because of that scar. And I know that, you know, my lessons was over teach me the game of life. You know, she had taught me everything she, she needed to teach me. So I'm just taking those teachings and you know, taking those teachings, giving it to the youth, giving it to the next generation. Taking that, that love. She taught me the word love. I never knew what the word love truly meant. And she taught me that every single day in such different fashions.


And I understand and love that I'm gonna be hurt and I'm willing to show my courage and show my strength by allowing myself to possibly be hurt by showing love to others. And I think that comes with, that's a tremendous lesson. She taught me to not stop ever showing love just because I've been hurt once or twice or my love was not repaid. You know, you, you continue to do that because it's the right thing to do. You continue to do that because that's who I am at my core. I'm a person who is a servant leader and I'm here to spread the love she's given me throughout the years of my life and, and, and give that to someone else and maybe hopefully change their lives the way she changed my life.


There's a saying that says that when you care about somebody, as much as you cared about your mom, as much as I cared about my grandmother, is that you never get over it. You just get better at dealing with it. If you could tell your mom something right now, what would you tell her? I'd just tell her the main thing she want to know. Sister's good niece and nephew is good. She got another one now. Okay. Queen is doing amazing. My father's holding up strong. She taught me all the lessons she taught me in being the matriarch of a family.


I've took those teachings that I think I've done a pretty damn good job of keeping our family and the family she built together. And I had a strong point. And I think for me, for me to her, I've never allowed the love she gave me to diminish because she wasn't here. Wow. And I continue to show that quality of love with an even better understanding and using a better, and I communicated better than I ever have because of her. So I, I would tell her that the love she's given me is not lost. It's brighter than ever. And I'm able to communicate it at a better level because of her.


So her last lesson she gave me before she, she at, at her funeral was a lesson that I've learned. And I could tell her that I've heard the lesson clear as day and I'm continue to share it. You said that when your mom, I think this was in 2020 when pandemic, that's when Jordan, your girlfriend Yeah. Was there, is that what built you bond? Because when you were at your lowest, she was at her strongest. And that's what you needed in that moment. I did. I did. I, I, I'm, I never knew.


I've, I've, I've lost people really close to me. But, you know, there's a connection that comes with being a a you, you never hear a a a momma's girl. You never hear of a daddy's boy. Yeah. You always hear a momma's boy, daddy's girl. So you, you, you, when you lose someone who is always gonna be the, for me as a man, my mom was the first person that showed me love. And it was the first person. And it's the longest relationship I've ever had. Wow. So imagine losing the longest relationship you've ever had.


Very first person to tell you, I love you. So imagine, you know, breakups, I think everyone who's watching this or behind the cameras and everything, you can understand that when you have a significant other, losing your, you know, breaking up going separate ways is a tough thing regardless. So imagine now the longest relationship, the relationship you always knew was gonna be solid. You never had to worry about that. All of a sudden is, is gone. It, you both go separate ways and it, it's, it was tough. And I never had dealt with that. And I was, she was just helping me throughout the, throughout that whole time.


'cause she had just lost her father, daddy's girl and she just lost him tragically to cancer. So to be able to, one, I just thank her for even giving me that time and advice. 'cause you know that that's a sensitive subject to have to bring up and I need you to help me in the same way for her to do that. And then secondly, just truly guide me through the process of losing her. It was, was a help that she does. She knows, I think now how important that was to me. And I'll never forget she was, I was talking to her and I remember talking to her on, on the last moments before I, for her last moments.


So I, she gave me a lot of strength and courage when I didn't know if I would have it right. And she, she did a lot for me. More than I could speak on. She did a lot for me when I needed her the most. And, and it was, and, and the, you know, I think for us, people who breadwinners people who always fit the bill, oh, don't take the card that I got. You know what I'm trying to say. For me to not have to even pay and pay for any of this advice for that. I didn't pay for this intellectual capital, I didn't pay for this counseling. For her to give it just so freely with love was something that reminded me of her, who I was visiting.


So it kind of gave me that sense of like someone who my mom would really, really love. That's what it was. What can we expect from Carl Anthony Towns and the Minnesota Timber Wolves 20 24, 20 25 season, Just build off of what we did last year. Special year, special season. All of Minnesota's hype. They can't wait to see their Timberwolves back. We kept going with wolves back slogan. I don't know what we going to do now next year. I don't know, we gonna say wolves here or what's gonna go on. But what I can say is, you know, stability's a hell of a thing. You know, very rarely in my career, Minnesota have had, I'm able to look at the same people next year or even midway through the year.


Right. So to be able to come back next year, all of us together, another year of learning, another year of experience, God bless us with health and I think we could do something special just like we did last year. But I think we could take it up a notch. We could even do something more. So, like I said, just build. I think we got some really good experience too. Rudy playing in the Olympics with an, an playing in the Olympics. Finding a way to win, being around those guys. Learning experience wisdom. Yep. I think we got a lot, we got a lot of special things. We got some special rookies. Rob Dillingham Shannon.


We, we, we got a lot of things in order to do something special. And now all we gotta do is go out there and do it. KAT one T Carl Anthony Towns, thank you for stopping about, Bro. Appreciate you. Ah, But that was awesome. Yes, It was amazing. Appreciate it. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you.


Spotlight La the newest, exclusive nightclub for allowing Club She Shade of film here. Spotlight LA is a place for anything and everything with something programmed for everyone. Keep up with Spotlight on Instagram at Spotlight LA


All my life been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. One slice got the bro dice the all my life I grinding on my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A, B, C, Thursdays. The ship is heaven. We're attending to our past, our dreams. I'm In from 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in Vfi. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're Gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine, eight Central on a, B, C. And stream on Hulu.