
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cashback offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can too. Don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cash back, earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


I Got in shape for $2 million. The money these guys are making today, I'd be damn near anorexic for church. Hey, wait for, for 35, $40 million a year. They making 56. I know I'd be, they be like, we gotta get charged to eat. He's ever, he's anorexic All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrificed hustle, paid the price, won a slice. Got to roll a dice. The all my life I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got to roll dice. The all my life I've been grinding all my life.


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at Draftking Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprietor Club Sheshe. The guy that's stopping by for conversation in the drink today is a sports icon and a true superstar. One of the game's greatest NBA players and power forwards of all time. He's one of the greatest rebounders of all time. He's the shortest player in NBA history to lead the league in rebounding a 16 year NBA vet 11 time NBA all star 11 time member of the All NBA team. The 1993 most valuable player Allstar Game, NVPA two time gold medalist. The leading score on the famous dream team. He, he's also named to the 50th and 75th anniversary team. He has his number retired in Philly, Phoenix, and at the University of Auburn, SEC player of the 1980s.


A two-time inductee of the Hall of Fame. A four-time Emmy award-winning personality analyst and commentator. Fan favorite, successful author sought after speaker philanthropist, one of the game's greatest character. He was like no other, a larger than life personality. He might be the most quotable sports figure in all the sports, huh Sir Charles, the round mound of rebound, the prince of pizza. Guess what they call him? The leaning tower of pizza. The Crico kid. The wide load from lead. One of the most popular figures in NBA history ladies and gentlemen. Sir Charles Barkley. Thank you. Wrote that. You, you, you read that just like I wrote it. I appreciate that. Nah, it's an honor man. Thank you for having me, man. I've been talking, you know, we've been trying to do this for a long time.


We have. We have. Yeah. Between golf, I, I figured out we're crisscrossed each other across the country every week. 'cause I'm flying to Atlanta. You're flying to LA you back and forth. So I'm glad. It's an honor though man. You're doing a hell of a job, John. Man, I wanna say thank you for opening up. I mean your NBA career goes without saying, but what you've been able to do to transition after Yeah. The NBA and to become, A lot of people might not like you, but they respect what you've been able to accomplish. Yeah. And you opened the doors for a lot of us, especially myself, because I took my cue from you. Yeah. And we'll get into that a little later. So I wanna take toast your success. This is my cognac. Hey, you know, I, we got to talk about your cognac because I can't get into dark liquor.


Man. This is so smooth. It don't drink like, but see it drink. It's A-V-S-O-P, but it drinks like an xo. I'm, you gotta tell you what, before we That's yours. That's yours. You get, take that home before we finish today. I'm gonna try something. Okay. You got my word. You got, you got your, you got your redmont. Yeah. So you know, it's a company i, a distillery I bought in Alabama about four years ago. Okay. You know, being from Alabama, I always look for business opportunities in Alabama. Right. And the distillery opened up and I was like, okay. They do vodka, gin. I think we got a great product. The only thing I worry about is me and my boys drinking all up the profits.


You know, because I, I'm a vodka guy. Okay. But you know, we do a vodka gin. Shout out to Redmond. It's been, it's been cool. Right. It's a very interesting business. When I say interesting, I mean corrupt. It's hard. The three tier system. Yeah, yeah. It is. But you know, long as I invest in Alabama, you know, I grew up in a small town outside of Birmingham, but I'm always looking for vest in opportunities in Alabama. Right. But that, that's, that'll always be home. You grew up in a small town. I grew up in a small town, Leeds, Alabama. Yeah. What was Charles Barkley childhood like? Well, you know, Shannon, it is, it is interesting because poor people don't know they're poor because everybody Yeah. Because everybody around, everybody around you is poor.


You know, I had a great mother and grandmother. Okay. My mother was a maid. Okay. My grandmother worked at the chicken factory, but they did awesome. And you know, I had three brothers. Okay. Two of my brothers have passed away. But man, we didn't even know we were poor. We lived in the projects. Right. And they would, they worked all the time, but we didn't go without anything. So I've always tried to take care of them when they were alive. But I didn't know, like, yo, we had everything we needed. We never went hungry. We always had good clothing. And I was so blessed to have a great mother and grandmother. My dad was not in the picture.


Okay. And me and my dad, we, we got along later in life, but in the beginning I had nothing but animosity and hate toward him because he wasn't around. 'cause he wasn't around and he didn't do anything for us. And to see my mother and grandmother struggling, you know, because, you know, bringing up those boys, trying to make sure we got, you know, cleaning people houses. And my, my grandmother was crazy. She'd bring a million chicken feet home. And for you, people don't know what chicken feet are that they are, what they say are chicken feet. And you know what people don't understand. This is a chicken feed. There's only one piece of meat right here. And you have to eat like a hundred of 'em to get a full meal. She would bring all type of body parts home from the, from the butcher shop all the time.


But, you know, I made peace with my dad later in life. And because he died a couple years ago, but we became casual friends. I didn't need a dad by the time we reconnected, but I buried the hatchet. 'cause you know, you can't go through life being angry. Right. 'cause it just weighs you down. Yes. But I was so fortunate to have a great mother and grandmother. The forgiveness that you gave him, that was for you. Yes. 'cause he was living his life. Yes. You was carrying around something that was weighing you down. Well, you know, Shana, that was a very a, a really traumatic experience in my life when I was in high school. Okay. So when I got ready, so when, one of it's a couple goals in my basketball career, I'm really proud of.


Okay. Number one, getting my team to the state tournament. My high school had never been to the state tournament. And then getting Auburn to March mad. And those are two of the most important things I've ever done in my life. Okay. But to get back to the high school thing, my junior year we got beat by a better team. Okay. My senior year, we were the best team in the state, but I kind of got hurt. I got hurt and we lost. And I kind was just so depressed. I kinda stayed in bed for like two weeks. I mean, I was, so the first year get 'em to the tournament was a big deal because they had never been before the next year. Like I wanna bring the first state championship to my high school. And then we lost. I just went into a deep depression.


So I got behind in all my classes and I caught 'em in every one of myself. Spanish. First of all, I have no reason why I was taking Spanish in Alabama. So I caught up in all my classes, have Spanish. So I didn't graduate. I had to go to summer school. Oh man. And my dad, who was living in California, my whole childhood flew in and he ripped me a new hole. And I'm already traumatized that I'm not gonna get to March. And when he flew in at that point I just, Hey man, I ain't never gonna forgive this dude ever again for yelling at me like that. 'cause I was already down. So how often prior to him flying in to, to ream you for failing that class, how often had you seen him?


How active was he in your life? Zero. So that was the, that was like, he just came in just for that. Yeah. And I had, and I, I I, it, my memory's vaguely, but I don't think I probably saw him probably 10 times in my childhood. But he flew in for that high school reunion. I didn't know I couldn't, that I had flunked the foul exam until the right before graduation and he ripped me a new one. But that night I went to the high school and I stood next door on the stadium and watched the graduation and cried for like two hours. And that night I said, this is the last time I'm gonna let anybody ever had control of my life.


I mean, I was crying. It was brutal of course. And I was standing there just watching all my friends graduate. And some of the people, let's be honest, they wasn't that nice to me. They were calling me dummy and things like that. Right. So I was obviously I was kind of out of, out of it. Then I went to summer school and then from that point on I got my act together. But the biggest problem was my first few years in the NBAI was such a s asshole because I was, I was, I every, I was playing so angry. 'cause I was thinking about two people. You did Ms. Gomez. Yeah. And my dad, Ms. Gomez, I'm assuming is a Spanish teacher. Yes. And you know, people said, man, why you play so angry and so aggressive?


And I never told anybody until later. I said, man, I was, every time I stepped on the court, I said, I'm gonna stick it to Ms. Gomez and my dad. Right. And it wasn't until the spitting incident in New Jersey when I was sitting in the hotel room crying that night. I said, yo, man, you an don't play basketball to try to stick it to people. The kids who made fun of you in high school, Ms. Gomez, first of all, it was your fault. You flunk Spanish. It wasn't Miss Gomez's fault. It was your fault. You flunk Spanish. Hey listen, your dad's an asshole. That's on him. Right. Play basketball because number one, you're good at it. But it's, it's, it's just, just, just play.


And, and that was like the turning point in my life, you know? And, and, and the second turning point was probably meeting Moses Malone. Right. Because when I got, because I was in college for three years and I weighed about two 90 ish to 300. I was always fluctuating right in there. And then when I got drafted by the Sixers, because I led the league in SCC rebound area. So I, you know, I think I'm successful. Right. I'm in good shape. Right. But you, so there's no reason for you to lose weight if you doing all that. Yes. And you know, you know, because you've been a, a hall of famer obviously. College shape ain't pro shape. No. Uhuh. Yeah. College shape ain't pro Chet. It's a different animal. It is. And I remember I got lucky 'cause Moses lived in the same building as me.


Okay. And I said, Moses, can I, I wasn't getting a play. I suppose, can I come see you tonight? He said, sure, what's up? I said, I'll tell you later. And I, I suppose, why am I not getting a play? He said, Charles, you you're fat or you're lazy. He was that blunt, huh? Oh yeah. He was a great, he's like Eef Hutton. He didn't say much. Right. But he was such an elder statement and was so respected. He was like, EEF Hutton. Like every time Moses said something, 'cause Doc spoke Andrew, Tony, Bobby Jones, those guys, Mo Cheeks were there. Yeah. Mo cheeks too. But there were no, Moses never really said a lot. But when he spoke that whole locker room, like Moses talking, shut the hell up. And he, when he told me I was fat and lazy, he, but then he said the next thing he said, you want me to help you lose weight?


And he said, I'll meet you before practice, after practice. And he said, let's lose 10 pounds. I said, okay. And then I lost, I got to about two 90 and then he said, let's lose 10 more. Then I get to two 80. Now I'm getting a play. Okay. Because I can sustain it. Right. You can't sustain effort at 300. Correct. So now I'm at two 80. He then let's lose 10 more. He gets me the 2 72 62 50. And I, I I, I look back at that when I talk to kids about losing weight, I said, let's lose some weight. Because if he had to said to me, let's lose 50 pounds, I would like, whoa, whoa. But he did it in such a smart way. He said, let's lose 10 pounds, let's lose 10. And then when he got to two, when I got to two 50, the rest is history.


Right. I'm looking at your childhood. It's, it's, I read that your, your grandmother owned, ran a bar. She, well, no, she didn't run a bar. We had people come to the house, get drunk every weekend. No. See so it was, it was, and you think that's normal? Right. And what's crazy about it, Shannon? It was a fight every weekend. Every weekend. Yeah. Because the drinking, the bomb check and gambling probably. So that's what it was. So we didn't have a bar. Okay. In my hometown. Oh, okay. So every starting Friday pay period. Pay period. Everybody, because now you know, everybody's trying to make extra money. Yeah. And do you know, once they start losing, it's gonna be a fight because they start drinking.


So my grandmother would go to Georgia every week and get cheaper alcohol. And me and g Port do shots. So I was kinda like the guy who bought the shots out. Right. And then go back to my room, Charles, come here, need another drink. But starting Friday around six o'clock Okay. 10 people would come over and gamble. And then once p it, it started always started out civil. And then once somebody got drunk and started losing their money, it was always gonna be a fight. Of course. And we did that every Friday and Saturday pretty much my entire childhood. And that's how we made extra money.


'cause you're not making enough money working in a meat factory at a, as a maid. Right. But it was crazy because, and my grandmother, she was amazing. But it was crazy to think it, it's crazy thinking about it now. Right. Yeah. What kinda lessons did that teach you? Seeing your grandmother doing what she could to make ends meet? You see your mom doing what she can to make ends meet. There's four boys going on. You're not getting the assistance that you need. Yeah. Or from your dad. You're not getting the, the love, the advice, the discipline from your dad. Yeah. So what kind of impact did that have on you? Well, so I had started stealing and one night the cops chased us.


That was the closest we all got to getting arrested. And I remember when I was crawling on the ground in the woods, 'cause they chased us. They were chasing us and we were crawling must just crawl like a hundred, 200 yards. Okay. And I remember I've had dirt everywhere and scars everywhere. And I was like, damn, my mother and grandmother are working their s off every day and you out here being a crook. And then that's when I said, you know what? I gotta get these ladies to love and the respect they deserve. So then I said, you know what, I'm gonna just play sports. And then what's really funny about it, I sucked the sports.


I wasn't any good. I, 'cause I didn't have my growth spurt because I'm, most people don't know that I, I was only five 10 when I was a junior in high school. If I hadn't had the growth spurt, ain't no telling what I would be doing today. Right. But I was about five 10 backup point guard. And then one year I grew from five 10 to six five. I mean, but at five 10 you probably weigh probably why 1 7, 5, 1 8. No, I was like two 20. That football player. Right. You should have been a run it back. Yeah. Lemme tell you something, my friends make fun of me. I play football for one day. You know, football is my favorite sport in boxing. Okay. Because I think, I think it takes a real man to play football in box.


'cause those are the only sports you can really get hurt at. Right. And I was like, I played football for one day and I was like, and I used to joke with the football coach later after I had my growth spur. And I, later in life he's like, I think I made a mistake putting you on the offensive line. I says, no, you made a mistake talking me into playing football because I played the one day and I just ran into, I says, I just ran into a guy full speed for like two hours. This the stupidest ever. And I remember I was sitting in the locker room, I was bloody and beaten up and I had my head down. I was totally, this is the first, I was the first day of practice. And the coach says, oh, I'll see y'all tomorrow.


I said, wait, we doing this tomorrow? And I, I, I said, I said, I'm not doing this tomorrow. I said no under no circumstances as a coach. And I went and after practice I went on to coach. I wanna thank you for the opportunity. But football, you turn your equipment back in. Right. Back in after that first day. This is not for me. This is not for me. Right. Like I say the one reason football is my favorite sport. I think it takes tremendous courage that in boxing are by far and away my two favorite sports. Right. Because you can't cheat in football and boxing basketball. You can skate, skate on offense or defense and you know, whatever. But when if you put, if you are on a football field Yeah.


You cannot cheat. Same thing in a boxing ring, you gonna get your head knocked off. Correct. That's why I admire football players and boxers. 'cause it takes tremendous courage to go out there. Right.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic. 'cause we came to play Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


You're born in Alabama. We understand the history of racism in Alabama. Yeah. Did you experience any racism growing up when you was in that small town of Alabama? No, because for the year I was born was the church bombing. You got the Selma massacre, you got the Montgomery Boycott. My grandmother in my, in my town. It was, it was, I think it was a great place to grow up. 'cause we worked in a small town, I think, I don't even think we really know what the hell going on. I've experienced more racism and seen more racism when I got out of there, obviously. And you know, I was one of the first two kids to integrate the school system.


Right. And I didn't, we didn't know what the hell was going on. I didn't find out until later. There was a guy named Mr. Allen who drove me and two other kids actually to segregate the, to integrate the schools, the elementary schools. But I never felt, I never felt racism in Leeds, to be honest with you. That accent. Yeah. Very. I have one very heavy colloquial dialect that's indigenous to the south. Yes. Did people make fun of the way you spoke? Or did everybody speak like that? They, I didn't realize it until I got to Philadelphia, you know, 'cause I spent my entire life in Alabama.


Alabama, you know, you know, one of the great decisions I made was going to Auburn. Wow. Well, okay, so obviously, you know, by now I'm really close with my mother and grandmother. I'm gonna stay in the box. Right? UAB is 25, 30 minutes from my house. Tuscaloosa is an hour, hour 15 from my house. Auburn's the furthest way by far. It's like a legit two hours. So when I was trying to figure out where to go to college, UAB led by the great Gene Bartow made it to the Sweet 16, Alabama made it to the Sweet 16 and they both had everybody coming back.


Yeah. Bobby Lee hurt Ena Wiley. Well, no, we came out together. Not only did they both make it to the Sweet 16 Alabama signed, and it's Wiley and Bobby Lee hurt. So I'm saying, I'm saying to myself, man, I want to play. Right. So I go down to Auburn and I said, I'm looking around. I said, damn, these bombs Don lost 12 games in the row. So I I, I asked Coach Smith, I said, you got a pen on you? He said, oh, what you a big time, you getting ready to sign an autograph? I said, Nope, I'm signing right now because these damn guys can't play dead. Y'all done lost 12 games in a row and I don't see anybody out there who put fear in my heart.


And that's actually how the whole thing at Auburn went down. I said he, his, his son was, he said, you gonna sign autographs? I said, Nope. I'm signing a scholarship right on the spot because these dudes cannot play dead. And that's how I made the best decision to go to Auburn, because I tell all these kids, some of these kids are dummies. I say, yo man, look who they have on the team before you go there. Right. If you know there's a guy who's really good and you play the same position, no matter how much confidence you got, you probably not going to beat him out. He's gonna be bigger, stronger, more experienced. When you, I said the number one thing, I said, if you want to education, you get an education anywhere. But the number one thing where you deciding to go to college is playing time.


Because that's gonna be the first time you're away from home. And if you don't get to play college gonna suck. Your grades gonna suck. Your personal life gonna suck. You really need to look at who's on the roster before you decide to go. So you said you didn't realize that you had an accent until you got to Philly. To Philly. Once you got to Philly, did you ever try to change the way you talk or enunciate words? No, not really. Because as you know, Fame ain't like everybody trying to explain being in lime outta Fame, whatever words you want to use, trying to explain that to a normal person's, like talking Chinese or talking to an alien.


You're not a sports, you are a celebrity child. Yeah, yeah. But, but when I first, like, it's overwhelming when it first happens. Yes. I, like I said, you can't even prepare for it. I said, when they start sticking those cameras and you turn on tv, they talking good or bad about you in Philadelphia, on the radio, I going to the black barbershop. Hey, never go to a black barbershop when you on a bad team ever. Hey, under, under any circumstances. I said, do never, Hey, the Woody Brothers in Philadelphia, man. I played on some teams just suck in Philly when Dr. And Moses had went away. Never go to a black barber shop when things are going bad.


They will tell you the truth. They will tell you the truth. And even if it's not your fault, they just gonna tell you, y'all suck. Y'all suck. But no, I, I was trying to adjust and, and, and in a really important a pivotal moment had when I was with Dr. J, so my second year in the year league, I'm starting to become a, a, a good player. And I hate when guys get on TV and say, they don't give a shit what people think, blah, blah, blah. Everybody wants to be light. They do. But I was trying to make everybody happy they started because to my first couple years they went to Moses, Dr. J, Maurice Cheeks, Andrew, Tony, those guys, Bobby Jones, like, I don't think I ever got interviewed in my rookie year.


So late in my second year, I'm starting to get it together and learn the game slowing down for me. And Dr. JI said, doc, how do I talk to the press? He said, well you gotta, you gotta do, figure it out because they coming to you now you turn into a hell of a player. I said, well, I want everybody to like me. He says, well that's, that's kind of an interesting question because no matter what you say, half people gonna like it and half people gonna dislike it. And I said, what does that mean? He says, that's the way this thing work. You can't make everybody happy. And then that was the turning point for me. I said, what if I just say my truth? He says, you might as well say your truth because even if you said what everybody wants you to say, some people gonna disagree with it.


And then I changed my whole philosophy as far as like, just be honest, that does not mean I'm right all the time. Right. But I'm gonna try to be fair and give my honest opinion and I can live with the repercussions. 'cause you said something earlier, whether people like me or not, they at least get like, you know what, at least Charles, even if I disagree with him, he doesn't have a hidden agenda. Right. Because the one thing I hate about these guys, some of, and, and you know, I got this hate, hate towards Skip Baylor's because especially being black, I think I'm, IIII think I'm representing some bigger, I think every black person on television, television is, is really powerful.


Really. Mike Augh, one of my mentors, one of the best people I ever met. He said something to me one time, he says, when he first got the job at PTI, one of my favorite shows with him and Cornhouser, he says, man, I didn't realize how powerful television was. He says, I've been with the Washington Post for 25 years. I walk around, nobody say hello, kiss my s or anything, I'm on TV for a week. Hey, you are the guy from tv. And he said he had to learn like, man, TV's a powerful thing. But the point I wanna make as a black person, I'm really conscious of everything I say. You gotta be, you gotta be.


Because there is a double standard. It is because what one thing that drives me crazy when when people use code word describing me, you Stephen a guys like that. I says, and, and I, I wanna be very careful 'cause I I I, I'm not trying to offend anybody, but I wanna make this point. I says, well, I'm curious. You don't use those type of words. You use words and we know what they mean black. When you talk about Shannon, Stephen a and Chuck, I said, but when Colin coward, Jim Rome, Mike Greenberg, who are great guys, I might add, when they say stuff, you don't use those code words with them.


And I says, so I'm very cognizant of like, okay, there's a double standard. So I'm really careful about some of the stuff I say, but I'm, but I'm not afraid of anything because my opinion matters just like theirs do. Right? Yeah. But we, I think it we start to understand is that it's not what we say, it's the breaking of down Yeah. Of everything. Of every word. Yeah. Of parsing it. Trying to like, well this, no, this, yes, this is my favorite. Well, when I see shows like, well this is what he said, but this is what he meant.


I'm like, no, I know what I, I know what I meant. I said it. Yeah, I said it. But I, but I always laugh when they say like, well he said this, but this is what he mean. This is what he was trying to say. I'm like, no. I said exactly what I meant to say. It drives me crazy when I see when they, it's what not, not mainly saying about me, but I'm talking about other people. Well this jock said this 'cause Jim Rome says something I really love. He says, every time somebody says, I mean, no disrespect, it's disrespectful. You, you know what's coming next. Disrespect Jim, Jim Rome, who, who, who's I, I really like a lot. He said he does a segment every week where he says that. He says, you know, it's time for the disrespect moment.


And he always played a punk. Well, I mean, no disrespect. He said, wait for it. You know, what's coming next, disrespect. And I, I love that. Right. When you played, were you a trash talker? Not much. Not much. Not much. 'cause I had, I, you know, because I had too much going on in my brain because when you are six five playing against a six, eight guy, six nine guy, six 10 guy. I have to have a strategy. You know, I, I say I think somebody said something to me one time. They went and looked at the numbers. I'm the only person in the history of sports who never played against anybody who was shorter than them. Yeah. Because I played center in college. Right. And then obviously in NBA I'm, I'm always gonna be the shortest guy in my you the shortest power forward history.


Yeah. In history. So I says, I had so much going on in my brain. I'm like, okay, they bringing this guy in. He does this. Well, he does this, he plays me this way. Then they bring the other guy in. I said, well, he brings, he plays me this way, they gonna do this. So I had so much going on in my brain. I mean, 'cause like I say, when you, when you can't out talent, I mean if you are Michael, LeBron, Kobe, Shaq, you can out talent 99% of the guys in the world. But when you are a six, five power forward, you can't out talent people. You, I tell people that you can't out talent people at my size.


You have to use your brain. Right. Were you, did you fight a lot as a kid? No. 'cause I was too little. You gotta see that. That's the thing that people don't understand. Like, I was always small until I had to grow spurt. Right. When you, like I say, when you a little dude, you can't be going around fighting people because you gonna get your s kicked. It was, you know, you know, people always ask me though about the growth spurt. Yeah. I never had any pain Really. I, I like, because like when you go, when you wake up one day and you five 10 and then the next day you six five. Like, I never went through like basically knee didn't bother you nothing to hurt. It was really weird. It never, it never hurt me. But, but could you tell that you had grown that much over the summer?


I did not know it. That's what's weird. The coach said to me, you grown over the summer. I said, I think I've grown a little bit. And then he said, like, you, like six four and a half, six five and from five 10. Yeah. And the best thing though, Shannon, the best thing was 'cause the, the, the number one asset of my game was my ability to dribble. Yes. Because you can't post up guys who are 6, 9, 6 10, but you, they don't wanna move their feet. Right. So when I played guard all those years, that was probably the best asset to me. When I got to play against those big guys thought you'd handle the ball. Yeah. Yeah. Because they, them big, them big dudes, the one thing they, it is hard to post them up, but they can't move their feet more than one or two times.


And that was the biggest asset of my game. My ability to dribble. If you grow that much in a summer, I mean your clothes, you probably looking like Jeff Bodin. You probably, well that's the one thing about being poor. You, you, you, you, you're just dropping down. Oh. So you wear hand down and your down because you know, we ain't gonna get no, you know, you gonna get your one suit for Easter. Yeah. You gonna get a cup alphabets of Christmas. The rest of the stuff gonna be hand-me-downs. Oh yeah. You know, and, and also when you are in a small town, it's a very close knit community. So when you get done with clothing, it's always a neighbor. Somebody, somebody, somebody gets something. That's why I'll always appreciate growing up in a small town.


You know, Kenny grew up in New York. I wouldn't want us sure how my life would've been different if I had grown up in New York. New York. But growing up in a small town, it really, it was a really a sense of community. Community. Yes. Everybody, I mean, and that's what I, when I'm on nightcap and I try to tell people this, it was always everybody was Yes sir. No sir. Yes ma'am. No ma'am. If you misbehave miss such and such would tell your tail up, you gonna get two whippings. And then she gonna go home and say, Mary, I had to whip that boy because he was being mished or he's, he he was cursing. And then you got another whipping. Yep. What happened to that sense of community, Chuck? You know, we, we, in the black community, we, we just have to do better.


We got to number one, racism exists. Always has and always will. You know, you, I I, I really, I look, I tell people this sports are a great thing for, for black kids. It's really helped a lot of us get outta here and help and go back and make things better. But you have to understand some, if you're born and it's, it is white poor too. Oh yeah. Because it's really economic racism, like calling people names and stuff like that, that's just silly and stupid. But economic racism is the biggest problem we have with this country. Right. Because if you're black and poor or white and poor, you're gonna be born in a bad neighborhood and you're gonna go to an inferior school.


And I always use this analogy, I says, if you play baseball, and if every time you step up to the plate, you got two strikes against you. Yeah. Shannon gonna get a hit. Chuck gonna get a hit, and we gonna have a couple of hits. Right. But most people gonna strike out. Yes. Or you're afraid to swing. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes. You get that third strike. So I just think that we got to do a better job of holding each other accountable and accept the fact that, hey, it's a double standard, but you can never give up. Right. You can never be like, you know what, I'm tired because let's be realistic. It's still better than it used to be. Yes. It, it ain't perfect, but it's still better than it used to be.


Check this out. When you got to Auburn, you weighed 300 pounds. The first 200 days in college, it's reported that you ordered a hundred pieces. But you led to SEC in rebounding your three years you were there, you hold the record for the career field goal percentage at almost 63%. You was SEC Player of the year and the decade of the eighties. And you are a member of the Auburn's all Century team. How the hell you do that at 300 pounds? Man, I had some serious talent, be honest with you. And like I say, the, the, the, the, the college game is not near as fast. It's, and, and you know, we just live in a different generation a lot faster now. But you know, you kind of, unless you get a fast breaker. 'cause when, when team score, you're walking the ball up and down the court.


And it was really interesting. One of my coaches, Roger Banks, I struggled like the first week I was in college. He says, son, what is your problem? Because I 20 rebounds a game in high school because I played with a really good high school team and I, they never ran plays for me. So I had to get my own. I had to get my own. And you were passing it back out. You going? No, no. So we had, we had about eight players who got scholar. We had really good teams. Wow. Yeah. We had really good sports teams in my hometown. Because you know, a lot of times when people in small towns, they got like three high schools. The one thing about my high school, we got one high school, you go K to 12 with the same group.


So we always had good sports team. Well, you didn't go K to 12 in the same class, did you? No, no, no. But I'm telling you, it was crazy. You see the same people Yeah. From K to 12. Right. And it's so funny how like we always had good team in football and basketball, always had good team in football and basketball. Did it ever dawn on you? You're like, well man, I'm really killing it. I'm getting these, I'm playing, I'm averaging 13, 14, 15 points. I'm getting 10, 12 rebounds. Man, if I lost a few pounds, I might be able to bump, bump that up to do 2015. Did that ever thought cross your mind in college? No, because when you, when you, you know, the toughest thing about a player and you know this and a team kinda have to my eagles this year when they got off to like a 10 and one star.


A lot of times when people don't understand when you're having success, you still need to get better as a player and as a team and have, because you, you can have bad habits, but you have, your team is so good, you keep winning. So I'm, I'm I, I, I, I'm, I'm talking, I I, I'm not sure, but like, I'm probably the only freshman that ever lead to TC and rebounding. And then I, I let it every year. So I'm not thinking about flaws. I think I'm doing pretty good. Yeah. So I'm not thinking about yo man lose weight. I'm like, yo, I'm all SEC, I'm, I'm leading the league in rebound as a freshman, as a sophomore, as a junior. And I'm like, no, I'm good.


And you know, actually my coach tried to get me to lose weight and we, we fought a little bit early in my career. We're really close today because I had to go back and apologize. I said, you know what, you were right. You were right. I was wrong. I should have lost weight sooner. I could have been better. But you know, we're all, when you're 18 and having success, you don't, you don't think anything you good. You think you're the beast one. Yeah. Yeah. So I, it, it goes back to my thing with Ms. Gomez and my dad. Like, you know what, it's you, you know the, I I tell you the, the one thing about being in the limelight, man, very few people have the ability to say my fault.


My bad. Yeah. There ain't a whole lot of accountability going on. There's a lot of people kissing your Right. Yeah. Very few people have the ability to say, Hey, you know what, it's my fault. It's my bad. I was wrong. Because like I said, you got so many people kissing you. You got so many people on the payroll who kissing you. It's like, so you have to be self-aware. And that's the only thing I hate about life. All the dummy you did, you get older, you get so much smarter and get so much wisdom. And you go back, man, what a dummy I was. Was. And that's But nobody told you that was dummy. No. Yeah. But but, but you, you know, that's, that is, that's the one thing about life that I, that I really hate. That you don't learn all this smart stuff. That you get older because there's so many people out there, there's so many people out there who make mistakes that they, that, that they either die from or it ruin their life.


And if you get older, you're like, man, what I did back then was dumb and stupid. And I wish the more young kids would pick up, talk to people like you me. 'cause we've been through some stuff. Like when I watch you all the time, you talk about preparing for success. You, you talk about your time in Denver, you talk about your time with the Ravens about trying to teach the young guys how to do things, take care of them bodies and things like that. I tell these guys, yo man, just like I Zion, I like Zion a lot. Does he remind you of you? He reminds me of me. He's more exclusive. He's more athletic than you.


He, he's more athletic. But the sooner he gets in shape, the better he's gonna be. Have you had a conversation with him? No, but, and I don't, I don't know him, but I try to tell him that don't television. I hope he hears it and don't take it as a criticism. 'cause like he, he has got so much talent and you can't get in shape during the season. No. You get in shape during the summer. Correct. And I see that he's lost about 25 pounds. That's what the report started during the season. You gotta do that during the summer because you got to be ready to go when the season starts. 'cause he got, man, he is so explosive because that last game that he got hurt in against the Lakers, that's the best I've ever seen him play.


But you man it and listen, I listen, I got in shape for $2 million. The money these guys are making today, I'd be damn near anorexic for church. Wait for, for 35, $40 million a year. They're making 56 charge. I know I'd be, they'd be like, we gotta get charged to eat. He's ever, he's anorexic. I was like, my first contract was four years, $2 million. Right. And I says, I lost 50 pounds for, for that type of money. I said, for 34 to 50, $60 million. They be like, yo guys, Charles is losing too much weight. He's, we have to make sure he ain't bulimic or something. I said, I like, but so man, I just hope he listens.


Right. And don't take it because guys who been in this business like yourself and myself, man, it, this is, it's, it's, it's just the best job in the world. But sometimes you, you need to take constructive criticism. But the problem is, is that a lot of time athletes and I've, I've been one and now I'm on the other side, is that we ha we have people around us that tell us what we want to hear, hear not what we need to know. Yes. And so a person that tells you what you need to know, you are less apt to move away from that person. Yes. As oppo and keep the people that telling you what you want to hear around. Yeah. They should tell him they should, he should see it. Because when I first saw him, I say he reminds me of Charles Barkley, but he's more explosive Yes.


Than Chuck. Yes. But if he lost, if he got down to two 50, woo. They'd have to change. That'd be like, because the thing he did against the Lakers in that one game, he, he could do that every night. And that goes back to my original thing. Like I could have a couple good plays when I was 300 pounds. Right. You couldn't sustain it. But I couldn't sustain it when I got to two 50. I could sustain it and, and I could go the next day and the next day, the next day. And I hope you know these guys. And I hate to be the old man. 'cause you know, when you say something or I say something, we hate what we hate or we the old get off my lawn guys. I'm like, no, we know how this story ends. Right.


I, I says, lemme tell you something. I know how every NBA story's gonna end. I played against Bird, I played against Magic Kareem Michael. You know, I play, I like, I know what it takes to be successful and no, you know what it takes to be great. Yes. And you know, the thing is, it's like, let's talk about drugs. I had a younger brother who was a junkie who died at a young age. When I talked to these young kids in high school to college about drugs, I said, yo man, it ain't a matter if, it's a matter of when.


As We gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


You know, it broke my mom's heart. It broke my heart for a long time. I said, yo man, I don't understand why you gotta do drugs. I just don't get it. And I almost did cocaine one time. 'cause you know, I had put my brother in a bunch of rehabs and I was like, what's, what's the fuck up with this? And I talked to one of my boys, I says, yo man, I want you to get me some cocaine. He says, Charles, you fucking nuts. I says, man, my brother, he gonna die at some point. And I ain't never had something so strong that I would give up the NBA or my money saying, you know, I gotta do drugs.


And he knows it's killing him, but he can't stop doing can stop. John Lucas, who's a great, great man, he said, he's a chuck. I'm gonna tell you something about a junkie. He says, if I put a million dollars on this table, cash and a pile of cocaine over there, or, or crack or whatever you wanna say, a junkie would not say, man, I can buy a lot of cocaine with that money. He gonna go rap for that pile over there. Wow. And my brother died. I think he was 40 when he died. He got his life together. He got his life together. But he had done so much damage to his body and it just gave out. And when I talked to these kids, I said, yo man, it ain't a matter if, it's just a matter of when if you doing this drug thing, it, it is somebody in your family gonna get a call one night that it is over.


And that I, I felt so bad for my mom 'cause she never got over it. Wow. Never got over it. Right. You come out the NB, the 1994 draft. Now there've been, I mean, excuse 84 draft. The 84 draft. Michael Jordan, John Stockton, Charles Barkley, Kim, Elijah one. The first three were Hall of Fame. I mean Elijah went with, I think he went first. Yes. Jordan went third. Sam boy. Sam boy went, se went second. Y'all had Hall of Famers, the 85 draft Car Malone, Patrick s, Chris Mullins, Charles Oakley, Joe Dmar, 87, David Robinson. Reggie Miller. Scotty Miller, Scotty Pippen, Horace Grant, Mark Jackson, muy Bowl 96 Draft, Kobe, Ray Allen, Steve Nash, Allen Ivers, Aaron Iverson's, step on Margaret Derrick Fisher.


And obviously the 2003 draft. Yeah. LeBron d Wade, Chris Bosch, mellow, all Hall of Fame. What's the best draft? Well, I I I don't know if you can say who's the best draft. You know, I, I I, I'll give you an example why I say that. Tom Brady, Joe Montana, Dan Marino, They're the conversation of the greatest quarterbacks ever. And Pat Mahomes only is Ascend. Yeah. Those guys ain't never gonna be near the record books in five to 10 years. And they're some of the best to ever do to ever to do it.


The games have changed. The rules have changed. Doesn't make better or worse. It's just different. Should we consider that when we talking about greatness because of the rule change in football? The rules, I think you have to like, I don't care who think about this, there's probably gonna be 10 quarterbacks in the next five years that's gonna shadow all the records and they gonna be one, one third, the player, Tom Brady, Joe Montana, Dan Marino, drew Brees Manning, those guys gonna be, they probably won't think about it in 10, 15 years. Not, probably won't even be that long. They won't even be in the top 10 yardage and touchdown passes because the rules have changed.


Right. And it's obviously just now number one, they're gonna pass it. Yeah. And more, a lot and more. But also defenses are handicapped right now also. So All the players you mentioned are great, great, great. But it is just a lot easier to play basketball. 'cause I tell people, Michael, I played, when you played them boys from the Pistons, we used to always say, call your family. Tell 'em you love 'em and goodbye. Because there was a chance you wasn't gonna make it out. They were, they were trying to hurt people. They had six guys who used their files.


You know what's so crazy that when I was, when I was watching that, the, the, the documentary, the Last Dance, some of those files would get you suspended for 10 games today. Oh absolutely. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Yes. And they was just one foul back then. Yeah. Bill Lamber. Bill Lamber would've been out to leave for at least 30. Yes. At least 30 games at least. Because he was deliberate with his. Yes. Ain't no hiding or nothing. Yeah. Same thing with Mahorn, John, Sally, Dennis Rodman. I mean, think about it. And you go back and, because Lamber all the guys. So the rules have changed. They're not, like I say, I don't ever say things are better. Right. But all these guys are great.


And I was blessed to play in the generation. 'cause the two most important figures in NBA history were Magic Johnson, Larry Berg. Right. If it wasn't for those two guys, and Reese had something to do with that. Yes. Reese had something to do with that. It drew a line. It drew a line. Black. Black. But it's still the best thing that ever happened to the NBA. It is. Because before then, the average salary then was $200,000. When Magic and Bird came in. 'cause first of all, it was two black too thuggish, too drug infest. And we were tape delayed. People don't realize that.


They don't even know that they, NBA finals was on tape delayed. And Han you got one game a week on Sunday. You did. I remember it. You got one game a week on Sunday and people, now you can go, well, you can watch the game seven days a week. We on tv, all the games. All the games. I says, no, you don't understand this. How, and like I say it, it was a long time ago, but think about it. The finals were tape. Were tape the lead, and there was only one game on Sunday. And the average salary was $200,000. The average salary now is $10 million. We got what's gonna be crazy? We got three NBA players, I think three or four making $60 million a year.


And the next five years we're gonna have guys making 70, 89, 80, 90 days. Luke will probably be first. It's gonna be crazy. 80, 80 a year, Chuck. Yeah. 80 a year to play basketball. Good. And what's crazy, Shannon, this how old I am, I remember vividly me, doc Moses, Bobby Jones, Andrew, Tony, the, we were in the locker room one day and it broke the magic. Johnson had been the first NBA player to make a million dollars. We were walking around high fiving each other. We could not believe, we could not believe that A NBA player made a million dollars. And I'm like, and I'm with Dr. Moses now, who are all time greats.


They're high fiving each other. They're like, we can't believe a NBA player to make it a million dollars. That, that's how, that's how, how crazy it was thinking about money back in the day. Wow. It says, it was reported that you didn't want to go to Philly so bad that on a 48 hour span, you ate two Denny Grand Slam breakfasts, six pancakes, bacon total on about 1600 calories. A a vanilla milkshake, Kentucky fried chicken bucket. Mashed potatoes, cold slaw, half the menu at Red Lobster. Two McDonald, two McDonald's fish filets, large fries. I don't know why the hell you ate a diet, had a diet Coke to wash it down. Two Texas side barbecue sandwiches, a T-bone steak, baked potato, three desserts, repeated it for the next day, gained 20 pounds also while drinking, what the hell you like.


You could killed yourself. You could have went to a food Tacoma. I could have been poor too. No. So, so, you know, they had a really hard cap. Right. So I'm with my agent. So, so I, you know, you do your visits. Yeah. The owner of the 76. It says, put me on the scale. I'm weighing about 2 95. This is about a month before the draft. He says, you know, we're concerned about your weight. I says, well, well, I'm gonna get in shape. I think I'm, but whatever, blah, blah, blah. He said, we want you to weigh, we want you to lose 10 pounds.


We want you to come in the day the draft stop in Philly on your way to New York for the draft. So I go train for a month down in Houston. I'm, I think at the time I'm weighing about 2 82, 2 83, somewhere in there. I don't know if that's gonna happen in a month. No, no. I got down, it was only like 12 pounds. Okay. Oh, he wanted you to get the two 80. Okay. Yes. Okay. Okay. You 2 82. He says, we want you to get a 2 85. Okay. So I go down to Houston train for a month and I'm like 2 82. And we get on the scale. He says, now, Chuck, we have a problem. I said, what's the problem? He says, well, the sixes are over the, they're at the cap.


They can only give you a one year deal for $75,000. I said, I didn't leave college for $75,000. Are y'all crazy? He says, well, I don't know what to tell you. He says, sixes want to take you. And I says, I don't want to. I said, I didn't leave college for one year for 75,000. What if I get hurt? Right. I'm trying to take care of my family, set my family up for financial, for life. Yeah. He says, well, if the sixes draft for, you're gonna have to sign a one year deal for 75,000. I said, what can we do? He says, well, we're stopping in Philly on the way to New York. Man. We went right to Denny's. I I got a grand slam.


I I canceled workouts for the next two days. I got me a grand slam. We went out, I got me some shakes. Went to a, a big steakhouse the night before. Got me a Big T-bone, got me some fries, got me a big old piece of cake. Did the same thing. The next day I get back to Philly, we stop, I'm 2 98. This, the owner team called me. What the, what the, and me and my agents looked at each other like, whew, thank God we dodged a bullet. And if you go back and look at my face in outta of the draft and that sweet burgundy suit I might have, man, when they said with the number five pick the 77, 76 select Charles Barkley, the look on my face, I'm in shock.


And I'm thinking, damn, I left college for $75,000. I gotta be the biggest fool in the world. And so we go down to Philly and he says, you know, go to the summer league. And I, I said, well, I got no choice. So I go to Summer League and I start just whipping. I do, I I was like, I'm, I got this. And he says, okay, we're gonna trade some players 'cause we, we not gonna make you sign the one year deal. And they traded Franklin Edward and I think Mark Varone. And my first year, my first deal was four years.


$2 million. You was on the court when Doc and Larry got into it. What caused that? Man? First of all, I, I hate the NBA for that reason. They owed me $5,000. I'm still pissed to this day. 'cause the one thing I would never do right, is hold a guy for another guy to hit him. And I've been mad. I'm still mad to this day. Y'all owe me $5,000. Adam Silver. So Larry was a great trash talker. Okay. And he's like, Charles, y'all better get this old man off me. I'm telling you. And he's just roasting doc.


Yeah. He's like, and this was Doc last year. I think he was right at, it was either last year or the year before. And he's killing Doc. And he's like, Chuck, I'm telling you for the last time you better get over here because I'm gonna kill this old man. And he, it goes on up and down and he Larry just killing him. And Doc had just had enough. And I just had, we, they come together and I just kind of grabbed Larry. I'm not even looking at Doc. When I went back and looked at the tape, doc was nailing his as I was just trying to pull guys apart. Yeah. But you know, you can't ever fight. You can't grab one unless somebody grab you and you grab him. Grabbed. I grabbed Larry. 'cause I didn't want him hitting Doc. But ain't nobody grab Doc.


I know, I know. But, but you just said something. If I grabbed Doc and Larry saw coming, I ain't, I can't go back to Philly. Right? I can't go back to Philly. So I grabbed Larry to stop him from hitting Doc and Doc Welling away. But Doc, it started because Doc was like, Larry's like, yo man, y'all better get, and he's screaming at too. Everybody can hear it. Y'all better get this old man off me. I'm gonna kill him out here. Larry's one. Oh, I'll tell you, Larry Braid was one of the best trash talkers ever. So one of my teammates, Leon Wood, was a great, he's an NBA official now. Yes. He, so we in the room getting ready for the three point contest at an all star game. Larry walks in says, which one of y'all gonna come and suck a place?


Y'all heard me? Which one of y'all gonna come and suck a place? Like, damn this that, that was like my first real talk to him. Ooh. That sounded pretty aggressive. He won though. He won. I mean, he was, he was, he was one of the best at trash talking man. He, when he came in there and said that you coulda heard a pin drop. Everybody's all excited and everything. Everybody was geek. Yeah. Was geek Larry walk and said, which one of y'all gonna come in the same place? Second place? You coulda heard a pin drop. You probably be played when you look at the era in which you played Magic Bird Kareem. Yeah. Michael Eli one, Patrick Robinson.


Yeah. What was that era like? Because that was the, that that era made it possible for this era. Yeah. And I don't know if this era gives that era enough credit and maybe that era doesn't give this era enough credit. Well, that's a great question. We should always give credit to the guys who came before us. Correct. Always. Because if it wasn't for those guys, nobody would be, y'all making this money because y'all were born at the right time. You're not better than Michael Jordan. Magic Johnson, Larry Bird. Right.


Kareem Wilt. Bill Russell. You're not better than those guys. Lemme ask you this, but let me push back those guys. But I'm saying average. Yeah. If you look at the teams now, guys are more skilled. You have more guys that can shoot the equivalent of Reggie and Larry Yes. On a team. Just be appreciative of that, that generation. Okay. I I got number love for these young guys. 'cause because number one, they're great. Yes. But they should always have great appreciation for the older guys because those guys did all the heavy lifting. It's kinda like being black, in my opinion. I have so much love for older black people.


Absolutely. Because I don't know what it's like for people to spray me with a water hose, stick the dog on me, stick the dog. Or tell me, we're taping this in the Four Seasons. We couldn't have been here. No. They said take your blacks up to the Motel six and do this interview. Right. Like, if you can't, every time I meet an older black person, I'll give an example. One of my mentors was Joe Morgan. Okay. He called his dad one day. He said, dad, we gonna meet Jackie Robinson tomorrow. He says, what do I say? He says, just tell him thank you. And I think every time I meet an older black person, I wanna say thank you because y'all did all the heavy lifting.


Yeah. Y'all did all the heavy lifting what they had to endure. Oh. I mean, I can't. And I, and, and, and I can't even imagine. Like I, I can go to any restaurant. I want to anyone. I can stay at any hotel I want to, I don't even know what it's like when people say, well, you can't stay here you or good to the back of the bus. Back of the bus or the movie theaters. I, I'm old enough to remember the movie theaters, the black sat up top. Yeah. You couldn't sit down low. Yeah. Now I'm old enough. I do remember that. And that's, and and so that's, and so the analogy of every basketball player today, just say, yo man, I wanna thank you. Not even me. Right. Because I made a good living. But every time I meet an older guy, I'm like, yo man, thank you for what you did for me.


But every time I meet Magic and Bird, I tell them guys, man, thank y'all. 'cause, because in sports there are a lot of great players, but there's only a few guys who move the needle. Correct. Like in golf, there are a lot of great players today, but Jack Nicholas, Arnold Palmer, Gary Player, Phil Micers, and Tiger Woods. Those guys took the sport to a whole nother level. Like there are a lot of great players, but very few players are like, oh, I gotta watch that guy on television. Right. We going to, we need to do the TV deal because of that guy. And all you want from any generation is number one, leave it better.


Correct. Like, I'm disappointed in these guys today with this load management.


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through, it's true magic because we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Isaiah. Yo man, first of all, we are not teachers, we're not nurses. We're not in the service. People who work like hard every day. Yeah. But you, we play a stupid basketball game for three or four days a week. You're not gonna play more than three or four days a week. You're gonna make 30, 40 million, 60 million. I'm pretty sure the nurse don't want to go to work sometime. Yep. She can't load manage. Yeah. She can't. I'm pretty sure teachers can't load manage. I says, man, just play basketball. You got the best shoes. Can you imagine Bill Russell playing in those canvas shoes? Do Chuck Taylors?


Chuck Taylors? Can you imagine? Can you imagine? No support. No support. And they played every game for $3,000 a year. And you can't just, like, of course you sore. I'm pretty sure doctors and nurses are sore. But man, just, just to be appreciative of how lucky and blessed we are to do something stupid and make a gazillion dollars. How different would your career have been if you weren't drafted and played in the era of Michael Jordan? Do you want a title? That's a great question. I don't know, but I'm glad I played in his era because number one, you want to play in a great player The greatest.


Or you know, it's a debate between him and LeBron. Some people still think Kareem, you want play in that. Because number one, what Michael did, going back to what you talking about, how respect for the older generation, if it wasn't for Michael, we wouldn't, I wouldn't make millions of dollars from Nike a year. Right? LeBron, Kobe wouldn't make millions of dollars from Nike a year if it wasn't for Michael Jordan. We all wouldn't have commercials. People act like athletes always did commercials. No, no. Number one, none of us had a shoe deal until Michael. None of us shot commercials until Michael.


So whether you want to debate who's the greatest, that guy is the reason we make, that's the reason I think about this. And when I was in, it was really funny in that movie Air. 'cause I, I'm in, I, I'm technically in the movie. 'cause me and Micah in the same generation, his mom and dad having the for thought to say, he gonna get a piece of the shoe. Right? And then Matt Damon, who played son, says, well, we don't do it like that. Ms. Jordan said, yeah, we do it like that. And because of that, I made millions of dollars from Nike, just from, from, and also from my significant shoe.


Right? So I, I lost to Michael Jordan. I, it would've been great. And, and and, and the only thing I ever felt bad about Sean, to be honest with, I couldn't win the seven Sixers. Not the seven Sixers, the sons of championship. Right. Because in Philly they had one in Houston, they had one. I have always felt bad that I wasn't able to bring a championship to Fetus. 'cause that's my home they gave me. When I got traded there, my life just changed dramatically. 'cause man, all I wanted was some help. Because when you are a great player, man, it's hard to go out there.


You know? 'cause there's a couple things that happened to me that really, because I was getting so depressed in Philly. 'cause I was saying to myself, damn, I suck as a basketball player. I says, we never, well, I says, we get beat in the first round every year. And I'm like, I know I'm great. But our team wasn't very good. But I'm it because I'm like, yo man, and I'm having my private moments, I'm talking to my friends. I'm like, man, am I not good at basketball? I think I'm great, blah, blah, blah. And then when they called me for the dream team, I was like, damn, I am pretty good. Right? I'm like, I'm good. Thank you, thank you. And then when I got Trade to Phoenix and they gave me Dan Marley and Kevin Johnson and Mark West and those guys, I'm like, 'cause when I got there that first day, I said, guys, I think I'm the best basketball player in the world.


We're gonna play the bulls for the championship. Michael Jordan just has some more help. I'm just as good as him. They look at me like I'm crazy. They're like, what? I says, I think I'm the best basketball player in the world. Y'all gonna find out right now because we gonna go out here and start kicking some. Right? I told 'em that the first day. And there was a turning point in the season. And I know Michael well. We was got off to a good start. We play the Bulls and he just kick our, and I was saying to myself, he know we going to play them in the fountain. He wanted to send us a message. A message. So after the game, I told him, I said, guys, we gotta get better.


That guy sent me a message tonight. And I didn't like the message, but I received it. Yeah. I received it. And then we went on like a 12, 13 game winning streak. Finished with the best record of the NBA get to the finals. And I said, I get the chance to prove my point. And I'll tell you, Sean, that's the first time in my life I, I felt like I said, damn, that guy's better at basketball than me. 'cause I had my chance a showdown at the OK Corral. And so, no, I was a, it was an honor. Same thing I say, but Bird and Magic Kareem, it was just a great time.


The dream team, let's clear this up. The dream team was supposed to take the best 11 NBA players. Well, the best 12 players. They ended up taking 11 NBA players and they took Christian Layner. Yes. A lot of people believe that Isaiah Thomas was one of the best 11 NBA players. A lot of people believe Charles, he was better than John Stockton. I I think he was a better player than John Stockton. Well then why didn't he get to go on the team? Well, you know, Shannon, number one, that is an amazing question because I'm so glad I get a chance to straighten this out. Yeah, please straighten it out. Number one, they never asked me about Isaiah Thomas.


Okay. And it just came out, and I can't speak for the other guys, but they never asked me personally about Isaiah Thomas and Isaiah Pro Thomas probably should have been on the team. And they asked Michael Jordan, did he have anything to do with it? And then it actually just came out in the last year where he said, I'll play as long as Isaiah don't play. Thank you. So, and then you gotta have him, you going overseas, you gotta take the biggest guy. So I don't know this personally, but I think it was Jack McCallum who said he had it on tape and he played it. 'cause I've been asked that question a thousand times. Dude. They never asked me about Isaac, Isaiah Thomas. Right. But apparently Michael didn't want him on the team.


Well, he wasn't gonna be on the team. Yeah. He, whoever Michael didn't want on the team wasn't gonna be on the team. Well, we're not gonna be on the team. But I will tell you something, man, I've been so lucky and blessed in my life. Ain't nothing like the Olympics. Right. It's, it's, it's the most cool event that I've ever been to. I didn't, we had no idea how big it was going to be when we got there. Right. Because I tell people that was probably a 12 foot window, maybe 15 feet where they could see us get on the bus. Man. It was five to 10,000 people out there every day. Just to get a glimpse of us. Mainly obviously Michael Magic and Bird, even though Bird wasn playing Yeah.


Wasn't playing. But they would just scream to watch, watch these guys walked. And then when we took off, there was a helicopter above the bus, there was a police car in front, police car in back. There was two guys on motorcycles and one on the back had on, on the back of, had a machine gun. There was people along the highway holding up signs. It was, and we, we were like, whoa, this is some real here. This is the real deal. And we were like, yeah man, this is, this is, did you know it would be this big? Not even close. Nobody did.


We had no idea. We like, I mean, 'cause first of all, you know, we, we never really experienced anything like that. Right. And then we were like, whoa, this a big deal. I mean, people on the highway holding up signs, hundreds of them. Right. But when we walk by, say when we walk out every day to go to the game, it was five to 10,000 people. They were like a, a 50 yards away. And they could only see us walk like 12 to 15 feet. Right. But they was screaming. It was crazy. But it was, it was, it was, it's, it's the most, but being at the Olympics itself was such a cool one. And I tell people when, when, when they're playing that national anthem.


And we, me and Bird mad, all the guys you overseas and they played the national Yes. And we like, we like we were all getting goosebumps. I mean, it was, it was, it was surreal. You do realize what you guys did is that you birthed an era. The Nico, Nico Yoic. Yeah. The the Luca Don. Yeah. Those guys came. They saw, they probably wasn't born then, but their parents and people and coaches. They saw that. The Dirt and Divis Yeah. The page. Because at the time, if I'm not mistaken, the only guy that I can remember in that area was like Saboni. Yeah. I think Peja. Yep. S Barcelonas. Yep. There were only a handful. It is not littered. Yeah. Like, and I don't mean that in a negative term, but it wasn't the, the influx of foreign, foreign European players like it is now.


Well shout out to the great late David Stern. I think that was his vision, to be honest. To make the game international. Right. And when I, it was really funny, like the first time I met Dirt Naski, he was like 18 and we we're overseas. This is a Nike trip. And he's got like 30 at halftime. And I got like Scotty Pippen and some other, we got like, Nike was always ahead of the curve, taking us to foreign countries to play. Right. Dur got like 30 and Scotty was like one of the best defenders in the world. He's like, I got him. I got him. Dirk got finished like 50 something.


You ain't got it Scott. Yeah. And I said, yo man, who the hell are you? And he got that Dick German. My name is Dirk Nati, I'm 18. I said, 18 said, you wanna go to Auburn? I says, just name your price. We're good. He's like, what? He said, I want you to go to my college. I said, Hey, told the Nike guys get this information. They called me back a week later. No, because then he, he said something. He says, I gotta go in the Army. I said, yo man, you seven feet tall, you're not going in the damn army. You're not going in the army. Nobody gonna have no seven foot person in the Army. And I, and they called me back like a month later and said, Chuck, you know, they changed the rules, now he gonna go in the draft.


I said, okay. And you know, people don't even realize this. You know, he didn't get drafted by the maps. He got drafted by Milwaukee. Right. And I hate to say this, I apologize to his family. It's probably going go down one of the worst trades in NBA history. 'cause they trade him for Robert Tractor trailer. It did. And trailer was a nice kid. Rest in peace. But that's probably gonna go down. That's a bad trade. Because Dirk's up until to, to Joker. He was the greatest foreign player ever. Right. And when the Joker finished, you were taking him over Eli's foreign born player. You know, IIII kinda look at it different. 'cause 'cause you like at Akeem did play on American Soul for a number of years.


Yeah. Yeah. He played these guys came straight from Yeah. Straight yes. To the NBA shout out to Hakeem. It was an honor and privilege to play with him also. But listen, by the time, yo just the best foreign born player. Yes. It's over. He done passed dirt. He passed dirt. Yeah. It's over. It, it, it, listen. 'cause you know, I, they might, I think they gonna win this thing again. Did you think did I remember watching him? I follow his career since he, obviously I played in Denver and I've been following it and I watched him in the bubble in 2020. And I watched Anthony Davis gave it to him. Yeah. But now it's over. He's on a different chuck. Yeah. I mean the guy can give you 30, 20 and 15.


Like he can, there's nothing he can't do. Well offensively. Well, what's crazy, like last night, yes. We were making a big deal. 'cause Aaron Gordon played fantastic. Yes. Fantastic. Jamal Murray played great. And then we were looking at the stats last night. We're like, yo man, the Joker had 24, 15 and nine. That's the easiest. 24 15 in that. And we, and we didn't mention him on 13 shots. We did not even mention him. We made a big deal. We interviewed Aaron Gardner. 'cause he had career highs and points and assist. Rebound, excuse me. Re and we, I was looking at the stats.


I said, man, joker had 24, 15 and nine. Right. And it was so quiet we didn't even talk about it. But, you know, I mean, you, you know what, there's two interesting stories in the NBA that people never talk about Steph Curry and Joker. If people, you talk about people who deserve their job and people who should get fired. You know that when the Golden State Warriors had to make a big decision between Steph Curry and Monte Ellis. Yes. And most people got mad. They traded Monte because Steph was always hurt. Hurt. And same thing with Joker Nage. Yep. They were like, y'all should keep Nage instead of the Joker.


And you think about how different one guy got four championship and he's one of the greatest players in the NBA history. And this guy's gonna be, he gotta be about to get his third of feet. Yes. And possibly you say those that you talk about changing the entire dynamics of your franchise of history. That's amazing. That like, we made the right decision and Yolk went in a second round. I I know, I know. But they had to make that decision. Yes. And the same thing because they knew that Monte Ell and Steph that you can't play too little guards like that. Yeah. And people were mad on both our accounts. That's how crazy this ju this life is. Chuck the Athletic had a poll and this guy has been winning most overrated for like the last five years.


And that's Rudy Gobert. Why does Rudy get so much flat? Well, I think that we don't, we won't, we don't respect defensive players. You know, I love e espn love EPN. We don't show block shots unless it's after the Edwards, that shot block shot or LeBron Chase down on, on LeBron Chase down. We ne we never showed defense. We showed guys making shots and dunking like ESPN is amazing. Don't get me wrong. But they in a two hour game, they show you a minute, maybe a minute. I doubt if they, the highlights of the game lasts longer than a minute.


Right. They ain't showing Rudy Gobert blocking shots or changing shots. Weby Now Weby, we showing Weby blocking shots. Yeah. Yeah. Because, but, but they gonna show him making threes and tipping the ball behind his back and everything.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play Bring the Magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


But you know, we don't show defensive defensive players. Like you think about it in the NFL, we talk about the Bozer Brothers, Michael Parsons. We only, we very seldom talk about defensive players. Correct. Because defense isn't pretty. Like, unless Michael Parson's making a sack or something of one of the Boer Brothers Hutchinson in Detroit. Aaron Donna, who's amazing. Shout out to Aaron. Donna. Man, it's been an honor and a privilege to watch you play. But we only show offense. Yeah. Because now it's an offensive era. Yeah. You don't have, they don't let you play football. Like they had when they had BCUs and they had Lt, RA Lewis', the Ronnie Lodge that were de decapitating people out there.


Yeah. They don't wanna show that side of the game because they're trying to clean it up and say, look, we trying to stay away from, you know, we want to make the game safer. Yeah. But you wanna see all these one handed, you gonna see everyone handed Catch that. That happens on Sunday though. You gonna see that. You gonna see that. So the greatest, this is the greatest player of all time. It seems to be a two man race now. Michael Jordan, LeBron James. Nothing a Kareem. Kareem is the most underrated player in the history of the NBA. Yes. He's the, he he was the all time leading scorer. The third, the third leading rebound. He won six MVPs, five championships. And that make it seem like the man was with some sauce.


Yeah. Well I got a number of admiration for Kareem. First of all, I the activist, he's always been. Yes. You know, I find the le Let's talk about the Michael LeBron thing. They played in different eras. They're, they're in my opinion, they're right there. You can, it is either A or B. Okay. But I will say this about LeBron number one. I like him a lot as a person. I think he's a nice guy. Never said that about Michael Jordan. Or you'll, you'll kill you. I've said there's two things. It is. I put Kobe right there also. But Michael and Kobe will kill you. LeBron's a nice guy.


Right. Michael. And Kobe will kill you if they played against his sister. She gonna get her ass kicked. LeBron. Like he ain't gonna beat up his sister. He, but I would say this about LeBron. I think it's the greatest story of any jock who's ever lived. Because if you go back and look about guys who came outta high school, people forget. Kobe struggled early. He did. Kevin Garnet struggled early. LeBron James is the only one because we had his first game. I say LeBron James is the only one who didn't struggle right away. Right. He came in and was a good player.


He wasn't great, great, great. Right away. But he was a good player. Right. But also in this generation where everybody's got a cell phone and people out to get you, he's never gotten in trouble. He's exceeded what any expectations, any expectations, whatever you thought he could be. Yeah. And because he was on, he was the chosen one Yes. On the cover of Sports Illustrated. 17. So whatever you thought he could beat, he's just eclipsed. He's eclipsed. And, and to never get in trouble in this generation, like I say, you know, everybody's got a cell phone now. People are deliberately trying to get you.


Yes. I think it's the greatest sports story ever, in my opinion. Single mom. Yeah. Who didn't go to college. They gave the keys to the franchise to an 18-year-old kid and says, we're only gonna go as far as you take us. And like you said, he's been a model citizen, both on and off, obviously, to building the brand Jordan. Yeah. Gave you, gave everybody the blueprint. Yeah. And we see Kevin Dur Rams, we see the Steph courage, we see the LeBron James. Yep. Starting production company, being active outside. Give junior Bridgeman some credit. Two people don't know who they're, well, well, every time I see Junior I say thank you because magic is kind of taking over now. Oh yes. But Junior was a good player.


But the, the, his portfolio owning all those restaurants, probably being the first billionaire athlete, to be honest with you, him, Dave being, and also is amazing businessman. Right. But every time I see Junior Bridgeman, like for a guy who didn't make a ton of money, that's what's so impressive. Yeah. Like, and didn't have the name, didn't have the name to learn how to handle business. And he's probably got 500 to a thousand restaurants now and like does it so low key does it so low key. Like every time I'm around here, I try to pick his brain. Right. Because the one, like, it's, it's different now because these guys make so much money.


Much money. Yeah. Much. I said back in our day, you, I says, dude and I, and I'm not poo-pooing on this either. I want to, I wanna make it clear. 'cause you know, when I say it, it's gonna sound stupid. The most money I made was $5 million. That was my last year. Right. I says now that's below the minimum. I says to, to, to be a businessman on our day and become a billionaire. You are great at business. Right. You are great at business. And he wasn't a name. People wanted to detach himself to magic. Yes. People wanted to detach himself to Mike. Yes. He was Junior Bridgeman just a great businessman and a good dude that here's, here's, here's his, to me is one of the greatest stories ever.


And if I was the NBAI would bring him in every year to my teams teams and say, guys, because what people don't understand, everybody on an NBA team or NFL team ain't making a lot of money. True. Or ain't going to play a lot of years. 10 people, the average in, in both sports, the average year is about four years. Those two guys who need a junior Brisbane, that's like, you know, I was watching the draft last night and this always annoys me about young kids. I said like, these dudes got Louis Vuitton shirts. I stop, I I and I don't mind a little ice, but too much ice.


They got Dior shoes. I says, they do know that money ain't gonna last forever. Right. Get you a pair of Nikes. I'm not paying for no Dior shoes. But you gotta be nice because you had that cranberry suit on. You were nice with that little skinny tie. There's nothing wrong with a nice suit. But I tell these guys, you know Shannon, when I first was an idiot, when I became got my money, yeah. I had like three or four cars and Dr. Jesus, how many of those cars do you drive at the same time? I said, what do you mean? He says, how many of those cars do you gotta drive at the same time? I says, one. He says, well, why you got four?


He said, Chuck, this money got to last you for the rest of your life. He says, this money gotta last you the rest of your life. He says, son, don't waste all your money on cars. Everybody know who you are. Wow. He said, you pull up an AK Kia. They know, oh, that's Charles Barkley. When you pull up in a Mercedes-Benz or a Roll Royce, they says, that's Charles Barkley. But the problem is that money, it's not the fact that you can't afford that car. Right. Is afford the, the fact that that $300,000 you spent on that Bentley, if you bought a car for 70, 80,000, you would've had 200,000 more in the bank and it would've been growing and growing.


And, and then one year, three years, five years, 20 years, that 200,000 is gonna be worth a lot more. The, the question is, Charles, that you, when you and I tell sometimes I tell young people, you can afford that car right now at 20, will you be able to afford that car at 60? Yeah. That's the key. There's a 40 year gap in there. Yeah. Yeah. But see the, the young guys, they think, like I always tell, I said, yo man, we know stuff we like. I ain't trying to hate on no young guy. I'm trying to, 'cause I don't want you to be on that list. What list is that? 80% of the professional athletes go broke. I don't want you on that list. Where are they now? Yeah, well, like, yo, this money, you are 20 when you 55.


How much money you going to have left? That's the key. Especially living life. If you living a lifestyle right now, don't you wanna live that lifestyle for the rest of your life? Yes. I mean, I don't wanna be poor. I've been poor. Hey, I know what it's like to eat raccoon, possums, sardines, vi sausages, pig ears, pigtails pig feet. I don't want to eat that no more, Chuck. Unless I want to. I don't wanna have to eat it out of necessity. Hey, well listen, I I I gotta have my pig feet. I pig you, you still eat pig feet? I do. Oh yeah, I do. I got pig feets. I, I I I get 'em. I go to a great soul food place there called K and K. Okay. I get me some pig ears. Not pig ears. Pig feet. Yeah. I gotta have my neck bones.


You see, I love some neck bones. I love oxtails. Oh, oxtails. That, that's, that's their specialty. I love me some oxtails. Yeah. Messy. You gotta get some yams. You gotta get some pallets. I mean, but I, you know, when I, like I say, I start out and I tell 'em, I say, yo man, I've been in your situation. I wasted money on cars. And then you're like, oh man. 'cause when you waste money on cars, you really just trying to impress other people. Correct. That's what you're doing. That's like, when I, when I used to have nice cars, they said, what kind of rims you gonna put on it? I said, what do you mean? They're like, put some rims on it. I said, so if I put rims on it, I'm really trying to impress other people because I actually can't see the rims when I'm in the car. I why I tell 'em, I said, you know, I can't see the rims when I'm in the car.


Right. So I'm really, that's what Doc said. He said, so you're really trying to impress other people. Right. You don't have to impress people. They already know who the hell you are. Is it because Charles, a lot of us come from single family homes. We didn't have anything. And this is the first opportunity because we don't see the other side. They don't Yeah. I don't, I don't think Peyton Manning went out and bought a roll Royce. Yeah. I don't think guys, when they, when they o obviously they have nice homes and they Yeah, but I'm saying because I, all I wanted, I wanted, when I, I was like, man, I'm going, when I saw Miami Vice and I saw that Ferrari, I said, I'm getting me one of this. Yeah. And Rolex, they talked. I said, I gotta get me. I, yeah. So I wanted to like, that was my way of saying I've made it. Made it. Yeah. And it Herm Edwards, who's somebody I really like and admire, he says, you can have one car.


You don't need five. You don't need a bunch of houses. No. He says, I live outta one model. You need one that's good enough. And like I say, and, and, and the young black kids, and I'm talking to them, man, save your money. Yes. You and another thing, you don't have to take care of all your family and friends. For some reason, black people, myself included, I used to be like, my financial people told me, why are you taking care of seven, eight people? I'm like, well, he said, no, no, no, no, no. You don't have to take care of everybody. Right. 'cause you gonna go broke. You know. So no, I tell these young kids, yo man, if you wanna do something nice for your mom and dad, you wanna do something nice for a brother or sister, that's fine.


They don't have to be on the payroll. Right. You don't like, no, you don't owe them. That was their job to take care of you. But if you wanna do something nice for 'em, that's fine. Grant Hill, his mom. Yeah. Rest in peace gave me the best advice ever. I said, 'cause we were at the Olympics actually here in Atlanta in 96. And her and Calvin had came down for a couple games. They said, well, Chuck, we we, are we gonna be here a couple days and we gotta get back to work. And I says, grant, you signed the first a hundred million dollars contract in the NBA history. She says, sit your S down Charles. I said, Ms. Hill. He says, Charles, I'm gonna just give you some advice. Do not start taking care of your family and friends because number one, they're never gonna stop and it's gonna ruin all your relationships.


I said, what do you mean? He says, when you start giving people money, they're never going to ask you for money one time. Right. But he said, she said, the second thing is, no matter what you do for them, the first time you tell them no, they hate you. And I said, what? And, and I had to learn people who I have been giving money to. The first time I told them no, they like, nah, nah, nah, we not friends anymore. Yeah. That was a tough and painful lesson for me. It, it, it, it absolutely is. Because that's why you have to put limits on what you give. Because they'll never put limits on what they take. That's exactly right. And but it's like that with anything, Charles, you and I can go out here right now, we can sign 25,000 autographs, but if we don't sign 25,000 in one and Shannon Sharp and Chalk Barkley assholes.


So, but I had to learn that too. I'll sign some autographs, but I'm like, yo, I'm done. You okay. I'm good. It don't affect me anymore. Because, you know, like I said, somebody said earlier, everybody wants to be liked. Yes. Yeah. Because every, I hear guys that, well, I don't care what people think about me. Yes you do. Stop being a you care every like, especially if it's like, if they don't have a reason now that's different. Right. But everybody wants to be liked, but you can't make everybody happy. You can't, you, like I say, after games, I would stop and sign. I had a rule, I signed 10 and there's 20 people. I said, guys, I gotta go get something to eat.


I'm sorry. I said, I'm gonna sign 10. That's it. And they're saying some stuff when you leave, but you are like, okay, we are good. I, I don't feel bad. I signed 10. Right. I did what I was supposed to do. I'm gonna keep it moving. Who's your MVP this year? Well, there's five guys I think you can vote for and feel like you ain't screwing anybody. Okay. Shay Riss. Okay. Because they got the best record in the West. Yeah. Joker, Jalen Bronson, an Edwards and Luca, I think you, because the one thing I will say that ESPN annoys me about, first of all, they, they, they, they make up these fake stories about MVP.


The MVPs never went to the best player. Never. No. It goes to the best player on the best team. On the best team because nobody in their right mind thinks Steve Nash's better than Shaq and Kobe. Right. But they had the best record season record when he won MVP. He deserved it. Steve Nash deserved MVP. Michael Jordan was the best player before he started winning MVPs. But until he started winning, he wasn't gonna get MVPs. Correct. So I hate that argument. Like I say, if you vote for any of those guys, I was like, that's fair. Right. Like I, Derrick Rose wanted one year over LeBron.


He deserved it. The Bulls had the best record that year. Was he as good a player as LeBron? No, but they had a better record. The same thing with even kd, who's a great player. He won MVP, he, they had the best record that year. Right. But it always normally goes, like I said, if you vote for Shaa or, or Luca or a Joker. But what I, I actually think what Bronson did this year for the Knicks was incredible. Yes. To get them to the second seat without Robinson being out most of the year without Randall, most of the year, OG was out for a period of time. But what Luca did, so it's it, this is, you know, I think me and Magic had the closest vote ever.


I think this is one gonna be the closest one ever. Wow. Who's your, who's your favorite non NBA athlete? That's a great question. It depends on the sport. Like in golf right now my favorite player is probably Max Homer. Okay. Because he seems like a great kid.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort


And he tries, he doesn't take himself that serious. Okay. In football Is Aaron Donald Okay. Who just retired in baseball? It's probably Mike Trout. Okay. In tennis. Robbie Shelton. Okay. I think that's his name. Shelton, I forget. It's just, there's another golfer name. Shelton. I get 'em confused sometimes. But I mean, I just love sports. 'cause sports man, I have zero idea or I would be in my life without that stupid little round ball because it, it, it is did so much for me.


Like I said, you grow up in, grew up in a town of a couple thousand people. I have been all over the world. I'm sitting here on club Shehe. Like if it not for that basketball, it has given me every single thing in my life. Correct. I'm so lucky and appreciative because I have ze like I was able to build my mother and grandmother a house. Wow. I was able to send My brother's kids to college. I have been, I mean, I mean, I've been all over the world because of the stupid little basketball. And I can make up something where I would be without basketball, but it probably, if I'm real and it'll be, it won't, it damn sure won't be as good.


But I don't know if it'll be pretty because I'm not gonna get up here and see like, act like I was a great student. I'd be working somewhere, you know, and, you know, doing something with me. Yeah. But man, that ball, I mean, I'm pretty sure you know all the success you've had as a player and in an entertainment industry. Like it's all, it all originated from that. Yeah. It all. Yes. And we are so lucky because you know what I tell people all the time, I admire people who got a real job, but I don't want one. No. Growing up, growing up, like how we grew up, Charles. Yeah. It let me know what I didn't want to do as an adult. Because if it's black breaking of a child as you can you imagine as adult doing that for 12, 14 hours a day and No.


And not even making money. Nah, nah. I was like, 'cause I, people say, what do you think about sometime during the game? I says, I said, when I get tired, I think about, man, if you don't get some energy from somewhere nine to five, don't sound good. Nah, nine to five don't sound good. At all. I never want to work nine to five. Yeah. I mean, I say, I say I admire people who work nine. And especially like when you're seeing somebody doing, I shouldn't say this, doing, somebody's doing the job. Yeah. You are like, damn. Or working two jobs. Yeah. Well, no, but when I see somebody, like when I'm, when I'm in Phoenix, it's like 115 degrees. Yeah. And I says, and they working outside. I'm like, oh, hell no. No. Or you see somebody working in the winter and it's cold, cold.


He like, damn. Right. I says, woo, I'm glad I handled my business. How many more years do you think LeBron's gonna play? And can he continue to play? I mean, he averaged 25, 8 and seven and you are 21. How many more years can he play? And how many more years can he be played at the level in which you've currently playing? I hope he retires soon because I hated the way I retired. 'cause I sucked. Nope. Jim Brown is really, and he retired 'cause he didn't wanna get, got tired of playing football and he didn't want, he, he wanted to act.


Yes. Yeah. He is like, 'cause he, he wasn't making any money. No. And he didn't want to just kill himself. There's no, it ends badly for every jock. It ends badly. For every jock. Getting in is easy. It's the getting out the car. Yes. And your ego says you can still do it. 'cause I remember telling myself my last two years, okay, I'm gonna get myself in great shape this summer. I'm gonna have a good year, then I'm gonna retire. Then I rigor figured out like playing against air. Everybody's good against air. Everybody is great against air.


But when you see another, when that 25-year-old is looking at you like licking his lips, you're like, oh shit. And like, there's nothing you can do Blake, when you working out during the summer and ain't nobody playing defense on you and you in great shape and, but when you see that 25, 20 7-year-old and he's looking at you like, yep, I used to watch you. Yeah. I'm coming for you. Right. And there's nothing you can do about it. But to answer your question, I hope he retires while he can still play because man, I've been there myself. I saw Patrick, Ew in his last legs, saw Michael Jordan playing with the Wizards.


Yeah. Patrick, I mean, I mean Patrick in Orlando. Yeah. Mike. And yeah. I was like, that's the greatest player I played against. I don't wanna see him doing that with the wizards. So I I I don't wanna see any great play. When he did, they passed their prime. How do you navigate, because you were a great player. You won MVP, you went and you played, won two gold medals. How do you navigate Charles when you offer a critique or a criticism of a current NBA great and they shoot back, well you ain't never won anything. What did you do this and what did you, you do that? How do you navigate that?


Well, you gotta be able to dish it and take it. The one thing I'm really proud of, and I hang my hat on this, I've never been personal with a player. Right. I only stick to basketball. I only stick to basketball. I would never comment on a guy's personal life. I now, sometimes they get in trouble. I have to say something. You have to. But I have, I can, I can look at a guy and say, Hey man. 'cause I get calls all the time from players and agents. I said, I tell you why I said that. And they're like, okay. I said, I said, this is what pissed me off too, Shana.


You know, man, why y'all never call me When I said something positive, I said, wait a minute. I said nine great things about you. Why do you never call me when I say something positive? And I say one critique and you blow up my phone calling me names. I had this thing with Kobe Bryant one night. So it was a game where he wouldn't shoot right against Phoenix Game seven I think because because you guys told me he was shooting too much. Yeah, well he was trying to prove a point. Yes. I ain't got no help. So he wouldn't, he went the whole second half and shot one time and I, and I answer again him, I said, I, I Ernest say what?


I said, man, I'm so disappointed. I'm so disappointed in Kobe. He was trying to prove a point that he didn't have any help. He shot one time in the second half and you know, at that time they were comparing to Michael. I says, Michael, when he played against the Celtics, he's like, I gotta get 60 something. I'm gonna get it. Whatever. He not gonna pout. Kobe starts texting me, you mother, you mother. I said, yo man, I'm doing my job. Like you such a, we go back and forth for, so about this time it's about one in the morning.


We go back and forth for like two hours. I say, yo man, pick up the phone and call me. Stop texting. And it, it was, it was, it was great. We laughed about it later. He was mad at the moment. He understood I was doing my job. But it was so funny. We text each other for two hours, Shannon. And it was just mother told mother and I'm, and I'm just like, I'm not gonna get, get mad at dude. That's dude call me, pick up the phone. But it was hilarious. We laughed about it later. I'm gonna get you out on here on this. Yeah. Charles, this is the first time in a very long time that people that's in our position have had to comment on the discourse sometimes.


'cause what's going on in America. Yes. We see the Trayvon Martin, we see the George Floyd, we see what happened in Mil in, in Wisconsin. And now all of a sudden you and I, we have to comment on that. Yeah. Where, when you played and I played politics, religion, orientation. Yeah. We talked about that Might be maybe mentioned that in the locker room. Yeah. Without the media or without the purview of the, the public hearing about it. Yeah. How do you navigate knowing that you came from Alabama knowing that what goes on in America, that sometimes it's racism. Sometimes it's racism. Yeah. How do you navigate, navigate your conversation that you disseminate to the public? That's a really good question because I'm asked that sometime with my boys.


The first thing is it's exhausting being black. Yes. It's exhausting being black. Like we're trying to live our lives be successful. Then Trayvon Martin happened. We gotta talk about it. Unfortunately that was a really awful situation. Then we get back in our routine. Then George Floyd's happened. We gotta talk about it. Correct. You know, you know I was talking to Sam Jackson one time, he's like, he's like, yeah, I'm trying to make a movie. They asked me like the year, like nobody got nominated for an Oscar. So as a black person, something always coming up For me personally is I said I have to like take a step back because the one thing you can't do is yell and scream.


Correct. Because once you yell and scream, they're like, turn it off, turn it off. And I say, guys, let's have a serious conversation. But I need you to be, I need my girl, judge Judy. I'm a big judge Judy fan. Yeah. She always says, you listen, but you're not hearing me. Right. I said, I need you to hear me. Don't listen to me, hear me. Those are two different things. Listen to understand. Yes. And I'm not, hey, and I, and I'm not mad at you, but I need you to understand this is happening and it's just exhausting being black because every time you're trying to do your thing or just live your life, something racist or racial happens.


Correct. I try to do this one thing. I try to like, don't ever speak when you're mad, don't yell and scream. 'cause I know if I yell at you, you're gonna ignore me. Yeah. Turn or you gonna turn me off or ignore me turn. Yep. So for me and you and Steven and Mike Wilburn, man, I need y'all to trust me because sometimes people play the race card when it's not playable because then you become the guy who gonna cry wolf all the time. Right. The one thing I promised TNT when I took this job, 'cause I told 'em the social stuff is really important to me.


It's really important to me. Right. I said I won't beat you over the head with it all the time because if I beat you over the head with it all the time, they're gonna like, I'm not gonna watch. Pretty soon you'll become desensitized. Yes. It's not gonna have the same impact. Yeah. I says, oh, he, if every time something happen he gonna talk about race or something like that. And I think I've done a good job. I says, I wanna talk about this, I wanna talk about this. And, but I think we have to be very selective. I do. I think we have to be very selective because man, Rachel should have 'em all the time. For sure. All the time. And I want people to see like Shannon, Charles, Steven, a, they gonna be fair and balanced.


That's it. That's all. So that's the only thing I try to do in this situation. Like, yo man, Chuck ain't just trying to play race or trying to stir it up, stir it up or be a victim. I says 'cause 'cause the one thing you have to always say like, sometimes black people are wrong. And then I know I'm gonna be a uncle Tom, I'm gonna be a sellout. Yeah. I said, listen man, those words don't bother me. We don't have to agree with all black people. We don't, but they think we do. Yes. They think we do. I said, yo man, sometimes black people are wrong and it is okay. It's okay. And it's okay to say they're wrong. But, but, but no. But if you are a black person Yeah.


In our position, look at that Uncle Tom. Yeah. Look at that sellout. Yeah. I'm like, yo man, we can be wrong. And that goes back to what we talked about earlier. I always want to uplift black people. Correct. Always. I want, like, I'm proud of your success and I know people gonna hate on you. I know people gonna hate on me and they gonna be black. I said, but man, I love to see black people doing good. I love to see y'all win. I love it. But I was like, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm old enough and I'm around enough to know there's gonna be some hate coming toward me. Yeah. Especially if they disagree with, so I say Right, but I want you to win, but I don't want you to win more than me.


Now. See if I if you win more, if you win more than me, now I got to question your sexuality. Yeah. I gotta question, you know, how black are you? Because bro, I'm like, come on man. I mean, I criticize white quarterbacks, but if I criticize a black quarterback. Yeah. Oh man. See, I should have know OO buck, buck nasty Shannon. Yeah. Yeah. I know he going, he gonna keep, he gonna take care of the white. Yeah. Come on bro. No man. I, and, and number one, I, I've been watching for a long time, obviously I ain't never I seen you try to get clickbait ever. No, I said, yo man, I, I take, I take this responsibility. 'cause I do know, but I'm not gonna tell black people they right.


All the time. No. If you, if you want that, I'm wrong. If you wrong, won't I gotta tell you you wrong. I, I said yo man. No, no, no, no. We can be wrong. But, but also on the other hand, when I see some happen to the black or black player of the community, I'm gonna step in. Right. You know, I, I had a, I you know, it was interesting. There was a couple things happened recently that I, I talked to my mentors and friends about. One was OJ Simpson and one was Michael Porter Jr. And I said, I'm not sure how to handle this OJ thing. He said, what do you think? I says, man, I don't have any respect for men who hit women and I think he killed them two people.


I says, what? Do you think he killed those people or not? I think he did. I said, but I have, and I've always said this, and I'm just saying this to you, I have no respect for men who hit women. Okay. And I don't wanna bash the dude. 'cause he got a family and he died. He got kids, grandkids. And I said, you know what, I'm not even gonna mention it. And I didn't. 'cause I said, I don't wanna just bash the dude. 'cause I, I can't say anything positive. Yo, was he a great jock? Yes. But when you go around beating women and like that, I just got no, I got no respect for you.


Right. And then the Michael Porter Jr thing. But the WNBA thing? No, no. Michael Porter Jr. Oh oh oh by his brother. Yeah. Both brothers bro. Yeah. One got a DUI and I think he killed somebody. Right. He did. He killed somebody and the other brother took the under on himself. Yeah. And I feel, I feel his pain. I feel his parents' pain. Yeah. I feel that as a jock. 'cause any, and, and this is the one thing I look at sports, it's the greatest fraternity ever. I feel like everybody, the NFL, anybody, anybody in the major league baseball and the NHL hockey, I think they're part of my family. I like, I'm like, they know my experiences.


And so I was saying, man, I really want to wish Michael Porter Jr. To let him know that I'm thinking about him. I wish his family the best. And my friend says, yo man, that lady did die. And I was like, yeah, you got a point there. Like, 'cause if I said, Hey man, I wish you the best. I'm thinking about you. 'cause I know that it's gotta be painful for his family with his brother and his other brother going to jail. Yeah. It's like not It's that family that lost their loved one. Yes. And I see because he can go to jail and hug him. Yeah. He can go to the his brother.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA member FDIC.


When it's tip off time At my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey Check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort


Was home and hug him. Yeah. They can't go to the graveyard to hug her. I said, Chuck shut the up on both accounts. Yeah. So I always think about, 'cause you know, it, it, it always makes me laugh 'cause my friend's like, yo man, you got these people eating out your hair. And I said, what you talking about? He says, you know the reaction before you say it. I says, of course I do. I know when I'm gonna start a fire. Yeah, I know it. Right, because, but I had planned on because most of the time that goes back to the role model commercial I make, right? Yes. Yes. So when I made the commercial, I went to Nike and said I wanna make this commercial. I said, they're like, you outta your mind. I said, no. I said, what I'm noticing is we have too many segregated schools in this country.


I said, when I go to these white schools, I said, what do y'all wanna do when you grow up? They like wanna be doctors, lawyers, engineers, teachers. When I go to these black schools, they're like, I wanna play in the NFL. I wanna play in the NBA. And I was doing this when you, because you do a lot of speaking when you were playing. So I was doing this for like four or five years and I was like, yo man, these black kids think they can only be successful through athletic and entertainment. Yep. They don't ever think about being doctors, lawyers, and engineers and like that. Right. So I talked Nike into doing the commercial and it became a big deal. You did still probably the thing I'm most proud of to this day, because I said, 'cause I knew it was gonna start a fire. And I was like, guys, I'm not trying to skirt responsibility, but I want young black kids to know like, yo man, you don't have to play in the NFL, the NBA, we got black doctors.


Right. We got black lawyers, we got black engineers. But y'all got these kids thinking like all they see is Shannon, Michael Carl, Chuck David Robinson, the only black people they see are jocks and entertain Jay-Z. I said, man, they got a better chance of being a doctor than a lawyer playing Jay-Z or LeBron. Yes. And I said, I just want to spark the debate. And in fairness of Nike, Nike came back to me later and says, man, we want to thank you for making that commercial. I said, and I said, because 90% of the letters we got were pro. I said, well first of all, I'm not worried about on negative ity mother, I play in Philly.


I said, I I I thought my name was Charles Barkley, your mother fucker for like the first two years of my age. I said, I said Guys, I'm in Philly. I'm used to criticism. Right. But I always have used my platform for a bigger debate. Yeah. I'm trying to make a difference. You know, one of the things I'm proud of you, and I don't talk about this a lot and I'm not trying to get praised because I keep it very quiet. So for the last 15 years I've been given a million dollars a year away to charity. Okay. And I don't even tell anybody. I just, I'm sharing this. 'cause I'm gonna tell you, I'm proud of you. So I started out in my high school, my college Wounded Warriors, A LS Parkinson's. But the last eight years, the point I'm getting to, I did HBCUs.


Okay. It means a great deal to me to be able to do that. Right. And you being a product, when I watch you and Steven a when y'all go back to y'all HBCUs, I just think it's really important what y'all do for the HBCUs. And it really makes me feel good when I write that check. 'cause you know, we got a couple of 'em here in Atlanta. I think three of 'em are here in Atlanta, Clark, Morehouse, and Spelman. But man, I, I just want to use my platform to keep doing good stuff. But you know, just being a product of HBCU, how far you came, I'm really proud of your success. Appreciate it. And I think the thing is, what that does is that you think about three of the most prominent morning voices, myself and Steven.


A Michael Strahan. Yes. With the HBCU. Yeah. He's a Texas Southern. Yeah. I'm Savannah State. Stephen A Winston-Salem. Yeah. So it show, it goes to show you you don't have to go to Syracuse. Yeah. You don't have to go to Michigan or one of the PWIs Yeah. In order to do what we are doing. Yeah. Because we are living proof of that. Yeah. I think the thing also that role model for me, I was very, very fortunate because every role model I had was in my house. Yeah. My brother, my grandfather, my grandmother. Yeah. So I didn't look athletes didn't that because I saw them every day. Yeah. You see somebody jumping up and down on the basketball court and catching a football, you really don't know that person. You know what that person does? Yeah. I knew what they did.


I mean, you know, the sport they play. I saw my brother every day. I saw my, my grandfather, my grandmother. So that's what I, and I'm followed my brother around. Yeah. So I wanted to be just like him. Yeah. And I was like, man, if I could be like him and my sister, it drove my sister crazy Charles because she was like, Shannon, be your own man. Why you wanna be like him? But as I got older and I remember telling, I said, everything I want, everything I wanna be is like him. Yeah. Yeah. Well what's crazy about it, and you know this and unless you've been in pro sports, you don't know this man. There's so many in our sport. Like all you gotta do is be nice to the press and they gonna write good stuff about you.


Yes. In my, I've been in this thing for 40 years, over 40 years, some of the worst people I've ever met got the best reputations because they're great with the press. Press and some of the, some of the people who got the worst reputation are some of the best dudes in the world. And I said, and it is all dictated, if you are nice to reporters and they got access to you, they're gonna be right. Oh, he is the greatest guy. And I tell people, I say, man, you don't know these guys at all. Right. And I, it drives me crazy. I say, all you, I says, if you got it always, I says, there's the reason they going to keep everything in the locker room because you don't wanna know what's going on. I said, yo man, this dude got the best reputation.


He's the worst person I've ever been around. Charles. How have you been able to keep your husband, father? How have you ever, how have you been able to keep that so hush? Well, 'cause I, I was, was not a good husband. And I wanna be better next time. I do. I have been, my daughter has been the best thing ever happened to me. But the next stage in my life, I think I gotta be better. I do need to be better. But, 'cause I didn't know, I didn't know how to be a good husband or father.


Because you didn't have, you didn't Yeah. Because your father was away. Yeah. He wasn't in the home. Yeah. He wasn't a good father. And I, I, I just need to be better and I, I hope to be better next time. I wanna ask you this, because this is something you, you know, Mike, Mike had, there's a situation, Michael's son Marcus is, was, I don't know if he currently still is dating Scotty's ex-wife. Yeah. How would you feel if a teammate of yours dated your daughter? Would you feel some type of weight? Oh hell yeah. Hell, I, that is a really, I feel bad for Michael.


I feel bad for Scotty. Yes. That is so messy. I don't like messy because when it's messy, everybody has an opinion on it. Everybody has an opinion. And you know, the internet is not a place for messy. No. And you have to understand it's a lot of kids involved. Yes. It's people are mean. People are mean. And, and it's unfortunate. You know, I just got into social media because I didn't wanna be around the meanness.


And I feel bad for everybody involved because I see all the pictures. I don't do the comment stuff, but I know they're gonna be mean. Right. But it's just a, i I just hate messy and it's just really messy. And there are no winners. There's only losers because obviously Michael and Scotty's relationship can't ever be the same. Right. Did you know, did, was it the last dance when Michael put that, that because he wasn't there at the time when Scotty refused to go in the game. Yeah. And he inserted that into the last dance. Did you always know that, that Scotty and Michael had this kind of contentious relationship?


Because from the outside it like, it it looked pretty good. Yeah. I was surprised. It was so bad. Okay. I was surprised. But in Farida I didn't spend a ton of time with those guys together. Right. I spent a lot more time with Michael. A lot more time with Michael. You know, it, it's just a sad situation because I think if you, not that I know, but I'm, you know, if you win a championship with guys, y'all probably have a special bond for life. Oh hell yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think if you win six, y'all might as well. Y'all should be brother, brother. I like, so like I say, you know, if you win one championship, I'm pretty sure every time y'all get together, because you got the, you gonna have the reunion.


Yes. Every first, every five, five year, 10 year, 15, 20, 30. Yeah. But if you win six together, y'all should be damn near blood brother. Yes. So that's the thing I most feel there's guys I didn't win with. They some of my best friends. Right. Every time I see 'em, it's like, man, I got another brother. And like we bumping each other at, at all the Star game. Right. Maybe the Hall of Fame ceremony or we just bumping each other. Right. It's like a family reunion. Right. But if I had won six championship with somebody, I would think, man, we blood brothers for life. When when people that do what we do take shots at you.


I mean you had the little funny back and forth, you and Shaq had the funny back and forth. You put Kendrick per per Perkins face on the punching bag. Yeah. And you, you punch it and you get in shape. I mean, how do you, how do you handle that when, when guys that do what we do take shots at you? Yeah. It doesn't bother me. 'cause because I guess technically we take shots at players. Right. I, the only problem that I had with what Kendrick says, There's nobody in the world watching more basketball than me. I tell you like, and I had just come outta March, imagine was piss me off even more 'cause I was watching two or three college basketball games a day. Right. March Madness really sucks because I'm watching games all day long.


Right. But to say another guys don't watch the games because he has a different opinion than yours. Yeah. Yeah. And so that's the only thing bother me. I could say, I say there's nobody in the world watch more basketball than me, so, but I don't get mad. Right. And, and the the thing that's really funny about it, Shaq is so sensitive at times. Right. Because I was going like, let it go and, and he's like, nah, nah, nah. My mama told me growing up we kill all roaches. And I said like, so that's how the whole roast thing came up. Right. Right. And so anytime anything happened right now Shaq's like, we killing roaches and Shaq is so crazy.


He made a, a rap this song. Yeah. And, but I don't take it like I really, the only person I've taken shots at honestly is, is Skip Bayless. Because Man, what we do is such an honor. I don't think you can say stuff just to say it because my whole going back then, I says, Hey man, there's somebody in Montana, Maine, South Dakota. If I said something bad about these guys, they're like, well I saw it on television, it's gotta be true. Right. So I'm be like, man, I'm not gonna say anything about a player, especially if it's personal.


There's somebody in Montana or South Dakota gonna say, well you know, Charles Barker said this guy was blah blah blah. So I'm never going to use my platform for negativity. For negativity. I'm gonna get you out on this one. You once said that you probably lost about 20 million in gambling. Have you quenched that urge to gamble? Or do you still like to gamble? I love to gamble. I don't like to gamble. You know, I got, I got to the point, so I would go to Vegas and I'd win a million dollars. Damn. I mean, what you play in a hand?


25, 30, 40,000. I played 25,000 a hand. Okay. Yeah. Couple quick double downs. You can get that. Yeah. A quick double down. You get it up out your pockets. There's probably been Seven times that I won a million dollars. Okay. There's probably been 25 times I've lost a million. Right. So what happened was, I quit gambling for two years and I always take the same group of guys for me. And I said, man, I miss gambling. They're like, why don't you start gambling again? I said, well man, I was getting outta hand.


They're like, yo, man, you gambling ain't getting outta hand. You just a idiot. Right. And the one thing I pride myself on around my friends, they can always be honest with me. I said, why you say I'm a idiot? They're like, yeah man, we'll be sitting there. You'll be up three, $400,000. We're like, Chuck, let's go. You good for tonight. Right. And in my head I'm saying, nah, we're not leaving this mother, I win a million dollars. Right. And they said, dude, there's times you've been up six, $700,000. Right. And you won't quit. Right. Because gambles really just peaks and valleys. It is, it is just peaks and valleys. It's the stock market.


Yes. That's all it is. And they're like, dude, Why can't you win $300,000 and say, man, we had a great weekend. Why you gotta win a million? And I said, what? They says, why can't you lose 300 and say, we still had a great weekend. And I says, are you serious right now? He said, man, you know, I ain't gonna lie to you. Let's win a couple hundred thousand. Have a great weekend. Go home. Go home or lose two or 300. You ain't got to win a million or you ain't got to chase it and lose a million. And so to answer your question, I said, yo man, we're going to Vegas for the weekend.


We gonna lose a couple hundred thousand, or we gonna win a couple hundred thousand. You know what we gonna do? We gonna play golf every day and get drunk every night. Right. And I had to change my mentality because you can never break the casino. No, no, no. They can break your Yes. And my friends just sit me down and said, yeah man, let's just go have fun for the weekend. Let's win some money or lose a little, lose a little bit. But yeah. But I, but that's, that's what really happened. When I would lose a million, I was so depressed. Not that the money Yeah. That bush. Yeah. Because of the minor. But the losing, but the but the winning never feels as good as the losing hurt.


Yes. You, you are so excited when you got all that money laying in front of you, but you're like depressed for a week. Yeah. You are like, damn, I lost, I lost a million dollars. And then you have to send the bill till you find out your people. Oh. And they yell at you and you they yelling and yelling and yelling and then I says, Hey, y'all better quit yelling at me. I'm gonna fire y'all. And, and then they're like, okay, we'll pay it. But that's what really happened. I was getting outta hand. 'cause like you, you, you just had your point was so good. No matter how good it feels, winning when you lose, it just sucks. You really doing as if it No, I'm doing Manjaro.


Manjaro. I've lost So Shannon, when I got New hips. Okay, so you got both of 'em replaced? Yes, I got both of mine replaced. Yeah. The best thing ever edit like night and day. I hate that I waited so long. Me too. So I played at two 50. I got up to 2 3, 3 55. What? Yeah, it was good. 3 55. Yeah. I was good. Good eating too brother. Good eating. So I got up to 3 55 and I was with one of my friends. He had lost a lot of weight and he said, I said, yo man, how you lose all that weight? And he said, yo man, I want you to go see my doctor if you're trying to lose weight.


And I started doing my Jaro and I got, I went from 3 55 to 2 2 85. Wow. And I'm gonna get to two 70. Just take a shot. It's unbelievable. And obviously I can't stay on it my whole life, but when I get to two 70, then you can work. Then I can work. But like I say, when I got them hip, man, I gained 105 pounds. Wow. Yeah. I was up to 3 55 and now I'm 2 85 and I want to get to two 70 because my doctor's like you two 70, you gonna be all right. Right. You know, if you 300, 3 20 20, like, you gotta worry about diabetes, stroke, hypertension and things like that.


Ain't a whole lot of 55 70. No, no. He told me, she told me her name is, she's a, she, she ain't no fat old people. Yeah. Ain't no fat old people. So I want to get my weight down. 'cause you know, you know, it, it, it's interesting and difficult and man, I'm 61. It's weird getting older and I'm glad to get old. Right. But better than the alternative. Yeah. But I want to be healthy. Right. I'm back to playing golf fair all the time. Now I'm back to working out. But that's the main thing, man. I, I want to be here. Charles Barkley, ladies, gentlemen. Thank you Joe. Thank you, man. It's an honor All my life. Grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Want, slice, got the brother d the all my life. I've been grinding all my life, all my life. Grinding all my life Sacrifice.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the Tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic 'cause we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Thursday on a, b, c, get ready to move that bus. The Beloved Series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild notches houses, but lives Extreme Makeover Home edition premiers Thursday at eight seven Central on a, b, c. And will be available to stream next day on Hulu.