
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm partnering with PayPal. The holiday season is here and I'm gonna save big with cashback offers in the PayPal app. It's easy. I browse deals from my favorite brands, save offers in the app and use PayPal checkout online. Really, really easy. Whether I'm buying gifts from my family or treating myself to something nice, I'm earning cash back. And you can't do, don't just pay PayPal. Check offers in the app for details and exclusions. Cash back earned as points redeemable for cash and other options. See PayPal rewards terms.


I Hear Snoop Dogg say, man, look here, man, them streaming. You stream a billion. And man, you ain't really making no money. What's your thoughts on streaming? They gotta be making money because they giving me money. There's some money in that shit. Some real money in All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Want, slice. Got the roll, the dice, the swat. All my life I be grinding, all grinding life sacrifice, hustle, slice. Hello. Welcome to another special edition of On the Road with Club.


She, she, I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the pro private club. She, she the guy that's stopping by for conversation and a drink. Today is one of the most influential and well-respected artists of his generation. He's loved by million worldwide. Your favorite rappers, favorite rapper. He's a hip hop Alister. A Grammy Award winner, golden multi-platinum songwriter. Record producer, businessman, humanitarian father UK Born a TL, raised a bonafide superstar. 21 Savage. How was that intro? You like that intro? Did I leave out anything? I, I mean, I, I got, got little extra time. I can ask some more. I ain't never heard no intro like that. I like that. I appreciate that. Appreciate that. You know, anytime you stop by convers you have a, have a conversation with Club Sheha.


I got you a little drink this, this is me right here. Drink and, 'cause I wanna toast the album bro. That's you right there. American Dreams. Yeah. Yeah it is. Good. But I don't drink. You don't drink at all. You Just did that for me. I appreciate that bro. Yeah, good looking That for you.


Drafting Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL playoffs is bringing you an offer that'll help make the playoffs electrifying. New customers can bet five bucks on any game and get 200 instantly in bonus bets. Download the Draftking Sports book out now and see code Shannon. New customers can bet. Just five bucks and get 200 instantly in bonus bets only on Draftking Sports book with the code. Shannon, the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope NY to 4 6 7 3 6 9 in West Virginia. Visit www.one 800 gambler.net. Please play responsibly in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org on behalf of Boot Hill. Casino and Resort in Kansas. Must be 21 or older in most eligible states, but age varies by jurisdiction. See DraftKings dot com slash sportsbook For details in state-specific responsible gambling resources, eligibility and deposit restrictions apply. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance terms at sportsbook dot DraftKings dot com slash basketball terms.


You was born in London. How old were you when you migrated? Came to the US Like six. Turning seven. So do you remember a whole lot about being in London? I remember like small things, but not like a lot. Like little small, like going to my grandma house. Right. Being with my mama. I remember like going to the stoves, like across the street and then like on my mama side of town, it is like this shit called a high street. Okay. And it's like a street just full of stoves. I remember like walking over there, but I remember more like from when we went back and visited Okay.


Type. 'cause we went back once to go visit when I was a little older. So I remember that more than I remember like stuff while I was there. Like when I was younger. When you did you have very many friends, do you remember friends when you were growing up? You say you left at six or seven. So did you have very many friends? I just had family, like cousins. Like a lot of cousins. Yeah. So I ain't really need no friends. So your family, your, your mom moved you here of all the places in the us Why a TL you think? I don't know. I ain't never asked her. You never you never asked me. Like mom. Not New York, not Chicago, not la not Detroit, Atlanta.


I ain't never asked for that on bad. Do you think about how different your life might have been had you gone to one of those places or Chicago or New York or Detroit or some place other than the east side of Atlanta? Damn. Nah, I ain't never thought about that. Oh God. You were just so, you were just having to like, okay, so you get here, you get settled in. So obviously you're in a new London is very, very, so is London. I'm assuming London is very different than Atlanta. It is, but it ain't though really to me because it is like, it, it look different. Okay. But it's the same shit. Okay. You see what I'm saying? It's like, I like when I came over here, like I have family too.


Okay. You see what I'm saying? So you just around family. Oh, so your mom. So you, you had relatives in Atlanta? Like my mama friends, they moved with us. So all the people that I grew up with. Oh, Okay. All moved type Shit. Okay. Yeah. So it wasn't like you was just like moving to a by yourself, like just you and your mom? Nah. You had a a, a large contingent with you? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, so did that make the transition a lot easier? I ain't know about no transition. I'm just a child. I'm just with my mama. Right. You know what I'm saying? Right. So how, how soon did you get acclimated and how soon did you make friends once you got to Atlanta? Like quick.


Like it was this, this boy named Skinny. He had got killed though like a couple years ago. Wow. But that was like the first person I met that like ended up being like my best friend. Okay. Like growing up they used to stay, like we stayed in the upstairs apartment. He stayed directly under us. Okay. And his mama, like we was bad as hell 'cause it was six of us. Right. Well back then it was like four of us. Okay. So we used to be jumping up and down, running around and he was the youngest, but his siblings was like way older than him. Okay. And like, so they house was quiet. They got plastic on their couch, all that. So like when we used to make noise, his mama would grab a broom and hit the, hit the roof.


So we ended up getting cool hunt his mama. And mama ended up getting real cool. Okay. And I used to like stay at his house. He used to stay At my house. Like I still talk to his mama all the time. Wow. Yeah. Your, your family, your background, y'all think of your reading. Your mom was from the Dominican, your father is from St. No. No. Dominica. Dominica? Yeah. Oh, okay. It ain't not, not Dominican Republic. Dominica. Yeah. And so how much of the traditions from when you came to from London did you guys bring with you? So were, did you matriculate into East Atlanta rather, rather, rather seamlessly? Like it's Because you say you got a big, you got six, like four, four boys and No, it's three boys and three girls.


Three girls. Three boys. Okay. And your mom? Yeah. And then my little sister, them daddy, he Jamaican. Okay. And what you mean like, like food wise? Yeah. As far as Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. My momma cooked. Okay. For sure. Yeah. So how soon did you start eating? Some of, you know, because they get, they got the oxtail, they got them smother pork chops, smother chicken. How soon were you started eating that opposed to what you were accustomed to eating? I think like that came with like, like making friends more. Okay. Like when I used to go spend the night at my friend's house, like growing up, I ain't never, I wasn't allowed to eat pork. Okay. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Right. But like other stuff, like when I go to my friend's house, spend the night as a, like when I was younger, I eat whatever they cook.


Right. But I ain't start really like just picking what I want to eat. Right. I was a little older. You Feel what I'm saying? So when you went back home and you like, mom, my friends, they cook this, her mom, their mom cooked this. You think you might be able to cook that? Did you tell your mom that? Nah. Hell no. I ain't tell I'm on no shit like that. Hell nah. But She wasn't trying to hear that. Huh? I know she wasn't trying to hear. I ain't even finna try it. Right. Did did your mom share with you that you guys were leaving London coming to the US Or did you just guys just up and leave? Did you know you were leaving? I don't really remember. Like, I just remember it is like so long ago.


Right. So I be trying to really think about the story, but I'm, I'm sure my mama told me where we was going for sure. Right. Because I was six. Right. But I just don't remember like that conversation. But I know it had to happen. Right. So do you remember, you just remember getting on a plane, didn't have no idea where you was going, you just know you were leaving London? Yeah. Right. Because I think at first it wasn't a stay thing. Oh, okay. She was just coming to visit. Right. Okay. I think we was coming to visit, but I don't wanna fuck the story up neither because my, my mama know the story. Right. You know what I'm saying? I think it was like, let's see, we wanna move here, but we finna go see if we don't like it, we gonna go back.


Right. Type shit. Okay. And then we just stayed. Right. So clearly she liked it. Yeah. What about you? Did you like it or you just going along with the flow? You really didn't have a choice in the matter because you five or six years a baby. Right. So if you didn't like it, you was stuck anyway. You gonna just adapt. I liked it though. Okay. I liked it. Like it's hot. It ain't cold all the time. Right. Like London, I remember like playing outside, like doing the same shit that I used to do. Like when I used to go like to my grandma house on my daddy's side, like we were playing the neighborhood go like it was the same shit. Right. So what was it like? I mean 'cause all of a sudden they got these, these new, this new family comes in and I'm pretty sure you probably had an accent.


Yeah. Yeah. So yeah. Okay. So now you on the east side Atlanta. Yeah. You got an accent. How, how receptive were the kids to you? They used to tea. I got in a fight on the first day of school. I, oh God. From the jump? Yeah. They, they used to tease me. Okay. Like I went to Ell Elementary. That was the first elementary school I went to. Okay. So we get to the, I get on the bus or whatever, they start talking to me. So they making fun of me on the way to school. Okay. So we get on the bus to go home. They making fun of me on the way home. Okay. So we get off the bus, like one of the, one of the older dudes, like his little brother was the main one. So the older brother was like, like, said something like, basically like shit fighting.


So we get off the bus, I beat 'em up. So the girls, all the girls they run tell my mama. Okay. At the door. So I Your sisters? No. Oh, kids in the neighborhood. Girl. Kids in the neighborhood. Okay. So they run, they tell my mama. 'cause they start, I, I really was kicking a lot. They started calling me TaeKwonDo kids. My mama. It's a true story on my mama. Okay. So, so I, they, they run to tell my mama. So I, I'm trying to drag my feet to get home now. Right. So I walked to the door, she grabbed me by my ear, pulled me in the house 'cause the girls were still there. Right. Telling her the story when I got there. So she, I just remember her grabbing me by my ear and then like throwing me in the house, like type shit.


And then that was it. I ain't get in and on punishment. You ain't get no punishment? Nah. She didn't ask you what started it Uhuh. So you, so Not from my memory. Right. You feel what I'm saying? Right. She probably did though. Right. But from what I can remember, I just remember getting pulled. You know, you only remember of course parts you remember like Right. I just remember the air like So what do you think was the biggest, obviously you're very young, so you haven't experienced a whole lot. It's not like you're coming here, you're 13 or 14. So you haven't had a whole lot of, you're five or six years of age. I think you're seven at this time. Yeah. So is there a big culture shock? Do you notice anything different about being in London as opposed to being in East Atlanta? The most shit that I like, that I used to, like, what I remember changing was the size of everything.


Okay. Like I remember like in London, like our bathrooms would be like this big right here. Right. You feel what I'm saying? Then I remember like we was still, we was in the hood and on the east side too. Right. But it was just like a size different, like at my grandma house in London, I could touch both sides of her house like this. Wow. You feel what I'm saying? But over here it's like more space. Right. I remember that. And I remember getting in the car to go everywhere. Right. And London, we used to take the bus and the train like everywhere. I remember like, we always was in the car when we got here. So you had a accent, I'm assuming where, so where did you fall in the ranking as far as your siblings? I'm the oldest. You're the oldest? Yeah. Okay. So I'm assuming you, so you man, so if you seven, that means that you got three brothers and three sisters.


That means man, you got some babies, you got some, they Was three. Like, 'cause it's a, it's a three years age gap between me and my little sister. Okay. So if I was seven, she was probably like three turning four. Right. And then my little brother was still a baby baby. Right. And then the other three was born in America. Okay. Feel what I'm saying? Right. Right. So did you feel a sense of responsibility because you are the oldest, you, you, I mean even though you are a child, you're like, you are the oldest male. And so do you feel some type of responsibility that you needed to like, okay, I need to be the man of the house even though I'm only seven years old at the time. I think so. Yeah. For sure.


Yeah. Like I was naturally like a protector type shit. Yeah, for sure. So what did your mom, what did your mom think about that? So the type of relationship that, because like you said, you are the oldest, your mom is in a new, in a new place and granted there are a, a community that came with you, but you the protector because you like, okay, I gotta look after my mom. I gotta look after my brother. My sister did. Did your mom tell you anything about that? Or you just instinctively took that on? I think it was just like instinct for the most part. I feel like, I feel like it's just in my personality too. Like just like take care of everything. I don't know why I'm like that, but I think just naturally like I developed that 'cause like my whole life I've been like that.


Right. Like since I was old enough to like get out and do what I need to do. Right. I always like took care of my mama and my siblings and shit. Right. Yeah. Do you feel that's, so was your, when you were in London, do you remember much about your dad being around? Yeah. I remember my daddy used to come get me like every weekend. I used to be over there 'cause that's like where majority of like my cousins was at. Right. On my, on my mama's side, I only got like, like three, four cousins. Okay. But on my daddy's side it's like 30 of them. Right. So that's like, like my oldest cousin Tran, he in the wheelchair.


Okay. I remember like following behind him a lot. Right. Feel what I'm saying? So that's my daddy's side. Right. So you, so in other words, you really love spending time with your dad's side of the family because that's where all the cousins were. That's where you got an opportunity to run and play and just have a good time. It was just deeper. Deeper. But my mama's side too, 'cause like my cousins on my mama's side was bad as hell too. Oh. You see what I'm saying? But it just wasn't a lot of us. Right. Like it was just me, Kyron and Jerome. Right. We was the only boys on my mama's side. On my daddy's side it was more, but Well if its only shit, it's just different side. Well See if it's only three of y'all, the trouble is only going three places. Yeah. So it's you, you or you, God, your dad's side, there's about 30 of y'all so you could blame a whole bunch of people.


Oh God. So brought up in the east side on that side of town rappers, Gucci Mane, future oj, the Juice man, rich homie Quan Childish Gambino. Did you, did you know any of those guys when you were growing up? You had no idea about these? I seen Gucci before. Okay. Yeah. I seen Gucci before for sure. Right. I seen him at Church's Chicken before like when I was real young. Right, right. Yeah. No, miss Winter I seen him at Miss Winter. Miss Winter. Okay. Yeah. Yeah.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about fade this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table. Right now. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll we'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts


Zone. I mean the East side. That's zone six. There's a lot going on. Yeah. East side of Atlanta. There's drugs, there's a lot of killings. Did so what did your mom, did your mom try and shield you? Like, son, you can't be out this time of night. So what, what did she tell you about the area that you, that you guys like were gonna call home now. I don't, I used to be outside so I don't remember like her just like, the only time it'll be a problem is if I got in trouble in school. Right. But other than that, like I wouldn't like one of them when the street light come on, kids like Right. My mama used to let me figure it out. 'cause in London it's the same shit.


It's, it's, it's damn near worse. Right. Because it's like concrete everywhere. Right. You see what I'm saying? It is Alleys is, it's the inner city. So in London I used to be outside from what I Well that was when we went back though, right? Like from before then. I don't remember being outside that much. Okay. But so like nah, she just used to let me like figure, Let you figure it out. Figure It out. Then I used to be with Skinny. Okay. Well his real name Aaron. Okay. I used to be with him and he was older than me so he was like my big brother. Right. And like so as long as I was with him she would gimme a little more freedom to do shit. Right. Like as long as he watching over you, you good. Did you always gravitate towards older guys?


Yeah. I always hung with like people older than me for sure. Because you felt you were more mature than guy than, than young guys your age. Yeah, For sure. 'cause I was older. I, I had to be, I'm the oldest. Right. So you naturally like a little more mature than you have to be. 'cause if you not you gonna get in trouble. Right. So how was the struggle when your mom moving here? Obviously in a different, in a different country. Obviously times were diff difficult for you guys. Did you realize how difficult times were for your mom and your family? Yeah. Hell yeah. Like I remember when we first moved you be smoking cigars on here though. You go hey Take off.


Alright. This your, just your joint. Let's go ahead. But I remember like when we first moved over here, like before we moved to the neighborhood where I went to elementary school from Okay. We would moved to another neighborhood on the east side. And I remember like my mama and her nigga, well her man at that time. Okay. They used to sleep on the bottom bunk. Okay. And all us used to sleep on the top bunk. Okay. We used to share like, we shared an apartment with one of they friends. Okay. So it was a two bedroom. Okay. I, we done got evicted before I remember coming home and our stuff was outside in front of the house. Right. Like growing up. Like I ain't never had my own bedroom till I was probably like 15 years old or something.


Like I, we all shared a room like for probably from like first grade till like sixth grade. We sh I it was, they had a room. My mama and her man had a room and me and all my siblings had a one room. Okay. In a two bedroom apartment. Then like, I don't know what happened. They got a little motion and then we moved in the same apartments but we used to call it across the bridge. It's like the other side of the neighborhood. Right. And we had got a three bedroom, so, okay. Okay. The boys had they own room and the girls had they own room. And then I met my other big brother when I moved over there.


Tovar. Right. They stayed under us. They mama used to do the same thing. Oh man. Oh God. Get the broom and bang the roof. Oh God. Right. Yeah. But for sure it was a struggle. 'cause like she, my mama couldn't get no job Right. Or no driver's license. She couldn't get food stamps. She couldn't do none of that shit. Right. So, you know, it's a struggle. Right. So she's basically working any job that she can get. Maybe, you know, maybe cleaning floors, maybe Yeah. In the kitchen or doing things of that nature. Trying to make ends meet. Yeah. To put food on the table and a roof over the head for the kids. The one job I remember her having, she, I don't think she never like did like no cleaning floors type shit. But the one job I remember had her having was like a daycare and they used to pay them under the table.


Right. I remember hearing them conversations though, like being nosy because I ain't even supposed to know that as a child. Right. But I remember hearing them talk about it like Right. And she, she used to work at all them used to work at a daycare. Her, her man and then the other families that I told you move with us. They used to work there too. And I, they used to pay them under the table like cash and shit. That's the only job that I remember though. Yeah. When you came home from school one day and you saw your family belongings outside, did the ki how did that make you feel? Did the kids make fun of you? Did you realize what was going on when you saw all of your belongings on the outside? Yeah. 'cause I done seen it happen beforehand.


I remember like, we used to steal people shit. Like, 'cause I done seen other people evicted. Right. Seen they stuff outside and like all the kids, the badass kids will be in the neighborhood walking around, see some shit start going through that shit. Okay. So I just remember instantly thinking like nobody better not touch my shit. That's like the first thought. And I remember standing out there, but I remember like, I didn't really care about it that much 'cause they put our shit out. But they, we instantly moved to a bigger apartment. Right. So it kind of was like, it wasn't like we just, our shit was just out there and we was trying to figure it out. Right. Feel what I'm saying? Like, I remember us moving to a bigger apartment like instantly Okay.


Type shit. So what was, what was a typical meal in the household? Oh, we had food. Y'all had good food. You Not like s steak and shit though? Ramen hot dogs. Yeah. Like yeah. Yeah. Like that. Okay. Like we had the regular, you know. Right. But not like, I don't, I don't remember no time. Like well it just wasn't nothing to eat in the house. Right. It is gonna be some bread. Right. We used to make like condensed milk sandwiches. Like them was like our struggle milk. Right. Like you take the, you get the bread and the condensed milk and then you put it in like the little toaster type shit and you put it together. That shit be good as fuck on God. You eat one of them now? Hell yeah. I will. Hell yeah.


On God. But like, you know, hot dogs and noodles. My mama used to make noodles stir fry. Right. Ramen noodles. Right. Curry chicken, jerk chicken. All that type of Shit. Did you, you being the oldest, did you learn how to cook? Could you cook? For sure Because I'm, I'm assuming like a lot of times your mom probably was working and you had to take care of your brothers and sisters. So it was left up to you to probably cook the ram and to warm the food up so they could eat when you got home from school. Not Cook though. Like the most my mama would make me do is like unthoughtful the meat. Okay. Like take the meat out. I used to get my as whoop if I forget to take the meat out Right. And put, 'cause she don't play about the lemon. Like don't just sit it in the water, put lemon juice in the water when you sit it in the water.


So sometimes I take the meat out and just sit it in the water without no lemon. Right. I get in trouble. Okay. But she ain't never just make me cook. But we used to make our own little food that we want. Right. Like, so if my little brother was hungry and they wanted like a pack of noodles, I'd make them some noodles or some shit. Okay. Right. Yeah. Obviously we talked a lot about your mom. What, what's the relationship like with your dad? Me and my daddy in like a weird place. 'cause he got his side of how he look at it. I got my side of how I look at it. Okay. Like, like I, I kind of understand like, okay, if your child moved to another country Right.


It is kind of hard type shit. But from a child point of view, all I can do is go off the emotion that I felt as a child. Like I don't, I can't, I can't tell you how I would feel about it as a adult. Right. Because the, the hurt come from when I was a child, you feel I'm saying. So it's like it is me, me whipping you as a child and then expecting you to receive the pain as an adult. Right. Like, hell no I don't, I know how it felt when it happened. Right. I know I felt abandoned. That's how I felt. Right. I felt like I used to see like other kids in the neighborhood. Well not in the neighborhood, but remember the family that I told you that moved with us? Yes.


I had a friend, well he liked my cousin basically Right. Rakim, he was in the same predicament. Like he was in another country with his mama was with another man. Now his stepdaddy and his daddy used to come visit him all the time. Oh. Buy him shit. So I used to be kind of jealous of Right. Of what he had going on. Right. And so that's, that's where a lot of the disappointment came from with my daddy. But my daddy was a good daddy to my siblings over there. Oh right. Like my little brother who died, my little brother got killed Right. On my daddy's side. Right. They was best friends. You feel what I'm saying? I got twin little sisters and I got another little brother. They all love my daddy.


You see what I'm, so, I can't just say you no bad daddy. Right. But with me, I feel like you didn't do what you were supposed To do. The relationship that they have with him is not the relationship you have with him. Facts. Right. Because you saw, you said the family that moved with you, you saw his mom, even though she was in a foreign country and she had ended up having another man, his dad still came over and would see him and buy him things. Yeah. And so did you explain that to your father saying, look, rock him, dad, he, his mom is with someone else and he found it time to come over here and see him and buy him things and spend time with him. Did you convey that to him? Not as a child.


Not as a child. Okay. But Like my little brother died in 2020. Okay. And like that was me and my daddy first time talking in like 15, 20 years type Shit. Savage. I mean, you, you didn't, you didn't reach out When, like At any, at any point in time before that 15 years with up, did you not reach out and try to have a conversation with your father? M because like when I turned 21, I got shot. Okay. And my mama came in the ho in the, like while I was in the ICU, she brought the phone. Well I don't know if I was in ICUI don't know where I was at, but it was like fresh.


It was right after I got to the hospital. Okay. And my best friend had just died like in the incident. So like, I just remember being like mad. I was more mad than sad. So she tried to hand me the phone. But I remember telling my daddy, like, 'cause my mama and her my, like my sibling, four of my siblings got the same daddy. I got my own daddy. And then my little youngest sister got her own daddy. Okay. So my mama was moved out here when she came out here. The father of my four younger siblings, he came like a little later. Okay. And we all was together.


Okay. So when they had broke up, how I took it was like, I, you ain't my daddy. I gotta figure my own life out. Like I can't be up under your roof no more. 'cause my mama left. Right. So I left. So I remember communicating like to my daddy. Like Your biological father? Yeah. Like, like I'm in the street at this time, but I'm telling him like I'll figure it out. Like I don't expect you to just be able to just put me up in a apartment and just pay my rent every month. Like, but I'm like, can you contribute like a hundred or $200 and I'm gonna figure the rest out. I'm probably like 16, 17 at this time, this like years before I got shot.


Okay. I remember communicating to him like, can you help a little bit? Like, my mama ain't got you on child support. You don't really send no money like that. And it ain't no disrespect. Like, 'cause I, he went and like he be taking shit. Like me telling my story is like trying to down him. But this is my truth. Okay. This is what I remember. Okay. You see what I'm saying? Right. Like from what I remember, he wasn't really sending no money to my mama. Okay. And my mama wasn't just pressing him for no money 'cause she had a man. Right. So you see what I'm saying? So I remember communicating that and I remember like it not coming through. So now I gotta go extra harder in the lane that I'm in. Right. As a 16, 17-year-old. You feel what I'm saying?


Because I got to fend for myself. Damn. There I gotta feed myself. Like I'm staying with friend to friend to friend. You feel what I'm saying? Right. So I remember feeling let down by that on top of all the other times that I was let down when I was young and I wanted shoes or a phone or this or that. A new video game. You feel what I'm saying? So at a certain point I remember like, I got old enough to where it was like, all right, I don't, I don't even care to talk. So that's how that buildup came of me not talking to him about him years. You feel what I'm saying? Right. So in 2020 your brother gets lose his life. Right? Yeah.


At that point in time, did you think about putting everything else aside and try to reestablish a relationship with the father? I did. And we got on the phone and he started doing some things that rub me the wrong way. Like, Like just asking me for shit like too early and like So at this point in time you had already become what you've become? Yeah. In 2020, I'm 21 Savage. Right. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. But I kind of like fell back and then like, you know, like when I do interviews, these questions come up and I just, I'm truthful.


So. Right. I think that might have rubbed him the wrong way. You feel what I'm saying? Type shit. Oh, okay. So you went back, your parents come, you come over here and you go back. So how long were you over here before you went back for a month? Two months, three months. We came out here, I was seven, sixth. I was sixth turning seventh. We went back the summer of sixth grade going into seventh grade. So however old you Is. Okay. So probably 11, 12. Yeah. So probably like what, five years? We was over here five years. Right. Because I know, I know.


Whatever it was, it was right before the visa expired. We went back and it renewed it. Okay. Type shit. You go over there with it. Did you remember anything about London? Because you had now you had spent just as much time in America as you had London because remember you five or six when you left. Yeah. You stay 5, 6, 7 years here. Yeah. And you go back. Did did it seem like home or did it seem unfamiliar to you? It seemed like home. Like even like, like even when I just went back for the first time in what? I don't know how many years that is. If I, the last time I went when I, when I was 12 and I just went last year when I was 30.


That's what, 18 years? Yes. I still remember how to get to my grandma house. Okay. Like, 'cause like it's a parking lot and you gotta walk through to get to her house. Like I, I still remember how to walk to her house. I still remember how to walk to the stove. Right. So it's like, I remember, I don't remember everything, but I remember like right key, like major parts type shit. Once you get, once you get over there, did you yearn to come back? Like Yeah, I like London, but the US is my home now. When I was young. Yeah. When we went back to visit. Yeah. Yeah. I think I was ready to go home. Not like just in a rush, but it was like, all right, now I miss my other friends. Right. Like, I missed y'all.


We done kicked it. Now I missed Home. Ready to go back. Yeah. So school, how were you in school? What type of student were you in school? I Was a excellent student up until a certain grade. Okay. Like I feel like, like we was just talking about this last night, we was playing the game and they was like, spell Supercalifragilistic s Posis. And it was crazy 'cause I won the spelling bee in fifth grade spelling that same word. Wow. And I won the math competition that same year. Okay. So I used to get all As, but like up until a certain point, I feel like when I, when I found out, like really just realized like, all right, no matter how good I do in school, I can't go to college because I'm an immigrant.


I can't get a job. I can't get no driver's license. I feel like once that started to kick in, I kind of just gave up like Okay. And just stopped caring. I used to go to school, fall asleep in class, like just do all types of shit. Right. So once you realized like, man, as smart as I am math, I was won the math competition, won the spelling bee. I can only advance so far in school now. I might need to try a different path. Yeah. So you go on this. So in school, so how so how were the other kids towards you? Because you're smart. Normally kids, they pick on kids that are smart, But I was the cool kid.


Oh, you was the cool smart kid? Yeah. Okay. 'cause I used to do bad stuff too. I just had, I just had good grades, but I still used to skip fight. Right. Like do all the little mischievous things kids do in school. But I, I was just smart. Right. I'm still smart. Like Did you get bullied in school? No, I ain't really get bullied. I done had issues with people. Right. Not just like, you ain't finna just put my head in the toilet or take my lunch money. Right. So that's what it was. I mean, the older kids tried to take advantage of you. Yeah. And you're like, Nobody never tried to do that to me. Right. I'm just saying like, I'm not one of them kids. I was never one of them kids. Right. You ain't let nothing slide. No.


My mama ain't even finna go for that. Right. Like I remember like getting tried in the neighborhood. Right. My mama them coming outside to fight with us. What, where your mama at? Facts Mom put it down like that. I remember one time like it was this lady and my little sister used to be real cool with this lady daughter. Right. But I was just known as the bad kid in the neighborhood. Right. So somebody spraying it, spray painted, fuck you all over her car? She had a like a Lexus. The little Oh Man. The little bubble Lexus. Right. But it was like a, it wasn't like the suit, it was just like a regular little Lexus. Okay. So she come straight to my door. My mama ain't home though. Banging on the door. Where your badass at? Woo Woo.


I know you did this shit. Woo. So she come to the door. So my auntie was down the street. I guess my little sister ran and told my auntie. So my auntie come down, my auntie come down. By this time they done call my mama. I remember my mama just smashing through the neighborhood in her minivan. I remember I had some scissors. I had them broke the scissors. So it was just one side of the scissor like this. Right. So my mama pull up swerved and she parked right in front of the lady building. So the lady out there, the lady standing like on the car, like with her back on the car. My mama jump out the truck bitch. Woo. She done mushed the lady. What? Oh god. But the lady didn't wanna fight. So my mama didn't really just mash the gas on the type shit on God.


And me and my little brothers, you know, we deep, it's all of us. Then we got friends, right. Like, and our friends damn near like our family, like we like a this the hood. Right. We damn near like this our side. Right. So they all out there like ready, like they was gonna beat her up. But she, she, she bit her tongue. And on my mama, I really didn't do the shit. Right. It really wasn't me who spray painted her car. Right. That's how you know reputation is Your reputation preceded you on God because you used to get into stuff and they just automatically as soon some, if some issue went down, Savage did it on God. That shit was crazy. And I was innocent as a motherfucker. So you go to school, you end up getting kicked outta school because you bought a firearm to school.


Yeah. What made you feel you need, what made you feel like you needed to bring that firearm? I think I was just bad. Like we were, it was like some issues where a group of people from like another neighborhood that we didn't really get along with was saying like they was supposed to be trying to fight us. And they was a deep, it wasn't nothing but like five, six of us. Right. Because all my friends are older so they in high school. Right. You see what I'm saying? Right. Okay. Like the people that I hang with that's like I feel like is like me. It's only a few. It was like three of us and then like I was just being bad. Really. I didn't really need to bring no gun. Right.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards Issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills. Never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. And that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com.


Where you get where you get the strap from. Like this dude in my neighborhood had did something and he hid it somewhere and I knew where he headed at. So you So I sleep stole it, Right? Yeah. And so someone tell, how did they find out that you had the piece on you in school? Because when I got to school it was a ISS day. So I started thinking like, damn, I don't, I don't want to just be had this motherfucker on you In school suspension. Yeah. I ain't wanna just have it on me all day though. Right. So I'm like, let me hide it and it was this little bitch ass little like he ain't even really, I don't even really fuck with him. He just happened to be there while I'm hiding this shit.


Oh man, I ain't even thinking about this shit. At the time I didn't put this shit up under some leaves and some bushes and shit. So I guess they see us on the camera but on the camera they can't really tell who doing what. Right. They can see me and him right there doing something. Right. I don't know how it happened though, but they found it. They end up finding it. So they come get me outta ISS with the, it was the school officer. His name was Valentino or Valencia or some shit. But he was a police officer, but school police. Okay. They come get me outta ISS, they walked me into the assistant principal office, but they know me like all the, 'cause you know, like, and kids, this ain't for me.


I'm not bragging about this, but when you bad as hell in school Right. You, you, you have a, a assigned counselor type shit. And normally your counselor is one of the assistant principals Right. Type shit. So all I done had been counseled by all of them type shit. So they come get me outta ISS, they bring me in the, in the office. The nigga who was there while I was hiding and shit, he right there in the office. I'm like, all shit, He done dime you out. I Know what this about. So they bring me in the office. They like, yeah. What, what was in the, I'm like, I don't know what y'all talking about. I don't know nothing. I don't know. I wasn't doing shit. So I just sit there. Then I just, every time I used to get in trouble, I'd just get a attitude and get mad.


And so I don't gotta answer to shit. Okay. I just like, man, bro, Just stop talking. So I stopped talking. So they, they like, all right, come on. They bring me back to ISS so I'm like, oh, I'm straight. So I'm sitting at ISS, they start calling like, you know, they be like buses, walkers, riders. Woo. So everybody start going. So I get up off the rip like I'm, I ride the bus Right. But they let, I think either walkers or riders out first. Right. I get up as soon as the first one get up. So I'm walking outta ISS I'm walking down, you know ISS in the trailers. So I'm walking down the hill, I see the school police, he walking towards me. He come get me. He cuff me.


I'm like ah shit. But all I was worried about was my mama. It's like when you young and you get in trouble, you don't give a damn about nothing else but what your mama say. Mama gonna Say, Oh god. They cuffed me up. Took me to, they tried to do some fake scare straight shit. They took me to the big jail, the Kab County. Right. But like, they used to like, I don't know how they do it now, but back in the day, they used to book you in the big jail. Not like put you in the big jail, but that like the juvenile facility was right there. But they'll take your pictures and shit at the big jail. Right. So when they bring us in, I guess they told one of the inmates like, start banging on the, the window or some shit to scare us.


I'm like bro, where the fuck That didn't work? No. Now It's a big ass d What, what you gonna bust through the door and do something? Me Bang the door. So now they ban you, you cannot go to school in DeKalb County. Correct? No, that ain't that that I got on probation for that one. You got on probation for that one. Okay. Right. The next year. No, this, yeah, this, this eighth grade. I'm doing good. I'm still on probation playing football Right. Or whatever. So I'm at the back of the bus with, with all the cool kids. Okay. We on the way to school these niggas, it was this song when we was young called tba.


That ho man these niggas in the back, they started beating on the, the window tba. That ho tba that ho banging on the window. So people start throwing shit. 'cause we had a substitute bus drop. Oh man, this is, They started throwing paper at the bus driver. I'm just back there. I ain't really doing shit. Right. 'cause I'm on probation. Right. So I'm chilling, but I'm laughing and shit. Right. I think I was singing the song a little bit. Right Man, they come get us. They treat us like we got down did some, some serious shit. They come get everybody, everybody who was in the back of the bus, they put us in the library. They had a like the, it was some girls who was like telling about what happened. They got down, I think some of the boys was like grabbing the girls you type shit.


Right. Bringing the girls back there and shit. Girls was sitting on people laps and just bad shit. Right. So they had some girls who started telling Right. Like they got in trouble. Like if you don't tell who was doing it, we gonna tell your parents that you been being fast back there. Right. So God damn. I just remember they had, we had like a, they used to call that shit like a hearing. A hearing. Yeah. In the library. They bringing all of us to the window. They got girls lined up. We gotta put our face at the window. Like the hell they like, yep. They said him. They put my face. I ain't even did shit. They like, yep. Him. So when that happened, by me being on probation already, that's when they kicked me outta after school type shit for that incident.


So they lied on you? Hell yeah. They lied on me man. You sure? I mean, you sure you had no, had no Involvement. I shoulda have never been back there. Once they started doing all that ing you Should've gotten went to the front. I should've got up and went to the front. Right. So they didn't really lie. I was back there. Right. I just wasn't doing all the, the shit that they was doing. Right. But I was in the mix type Shit. Did you have to go to juvenile detention for that? That was just like some school shit. 'cause they like, nigga you on probation. Right. You still don't know how to act. So they informed your mom, that's when they kicked you out of DeKalb County, correct? Yeah. Yeah. So they tell your mom? Yeah. What'd your mom say? I, I, I, I think that's the first time I really just got grounded.


Like, well you can't even leave the house. But I still was leaving the house. My mama know that shit though. She know that shit. 'cause yeah, I got grounded. 'cause matter of fact on God. So boom, my mama, she ain't whoop me by then. I'm too grown like. Right. Ain't no whooping. So she, I get home and shit. She like, you ain't leaving, you can't go nowhere. Sit inside the house, watch your little brothers and sisters type shit. 'cause at this time my little brother, ru ru he was probably like two or some shit. So I used to have to babysit, but my little sister old enough to watch him too. Right. So it was this little boy in the neighborhood.


I ain't gonna say I don't even remember his name anyway, but he was like younger than me. So I'm outside. We at the park, the park like right behind our building. So we at, I'm at the park and shit. He walk up like, bro, I got some keys. I found some keys to this lady car that live in the next building. So I grabbed the keys. I take the keys. I'm like, what car is it? He showed me the car. I'm like, all right. All right. So I don't supposed to be outside. No. So goddamn I go get the car I crank it up. I'm like, oh shit. Have you ever driven a car before? Yeah, my mama, my mama, my mama. Shit. The minivan? Yeah. On God. So, so, so I'm like, oh shit, this the real key.


So I jump out, I jump out, I, I, I walk out, I walk back to the park. So you know how when you young you doing something bad, you always need somebody with you to do it too. Yeah. Like you ain't gonna just do it by yourself. Right. So I forgot who it was. It was somebody. Oh, it was, it was my partner. I forget his name. Terry. He used to live across the bridge though. He was spoiled though. He was the only child. Right. They lived in the townhouse. Okay. So I used to kind of like be jealous of him. But I used, I used to fuck with him too. He used to have all the games. Right. Unlimited snacks. Oh God. So I went and got Terry. I got a car, I got a hot box. That's what we call I a stolen car. Right. I got a box. I got a box.


So I go get him, we go get in the car. So we driving around the neighborhood spinning like swerving, like doing burn, not burning out but just like drifting. Right. So I go park the car, we jump out, we go back to the park again. We chilling. Probably like 30 minutes go past. I'm like, shit, let's go ride. Let's go ride. So goddamn now I feel like I done mastered the car. So now I'm trying to do extra shit. So I get in the car, I reverse, but we, the car is parked directly in front of the people like building they apartment building. Right. So when we pulling off, we like trying to ease off and then hurry up and smash off. So I put the car in reverse and I back out the parking spot.


So, but he working the, the gear. Right. I'm just hoping you wheel. Yeah. So I'm thinking this nigga put the car in dry, this nigga it still reverse. Still got in reverse. I done smashed on the gas. Boom. Hit the truck, man. I'm like, oh shit. Shit, shit. I hurry up and park the car, get out the car, we take off running in the back 'cause I ain't wanna run this way 'cause my building right here. Right. So we run behind they building and I run through the back way of my building and go change my clothes type shit. So I come back out, the Kab County police out there. So I walk up. So they're like, who seen where they went?


Who seen where they went? Woo woo. I'm like, I seen them. They had on white, they ran that way. They ran that way. My bitch ass little cousin and told his mama it was me. Oh man. So the police don't know, but my momma know. Right. So now God damn they, he and tow. But I think I, I can't remember, I, I gotta call my mama and ask her like did she whoop me about that? 'cause I think she, that's like, she punched me about that like ooh or something. I remember I got in big trouble for that. Right. And I just remember that being like a couple days after the school bus incident. 'cause that was like fresh. Like I really wasn't supposed to be outside. Yeah, right. You supposed to be inside.


Yeah. You not only are you outside, you doing some, some woods. Oh No. That's how I got to go outside. On God. I told my mama I was taking my little brother to the park. Okay. So my little brother was at the park with my little sister. Right. That's how I got outside. Oh, okay. On God. So you were supposed to be outside, you just wasn't supposed to be? No, no hood shit. Oh God. Oh excuse. Yeah. That and your brother Randy died. You out? My little cousin. Your little cousin did? Yeah. He told his mama that it was me and my, his mama told my mama type shit. But did the police ever find out it was you? No. Were you straight there? Statue of limitations of it? Oh God. Sports.


Did you play sports? I played football but I was too small. But I tried. You Tried. But really I had to for probation. Okay. Like they was like, you gotta be in as many extracurricular activities as possible to keep you from doing shit. Just being at home, doing nothing. Right. So I had to, but then like at, I only played one season 'cause at the end of the season my mama then didn't have enough money to pay the dues. Right. So I only played one season. I probably got on the field three times. What position did you play? Wide receiver and quarterback. Okay. Had you stuck with it, you think you'd have been pretty good?


Yeah, because I ended up getting taller. Okay. Like as I got older. Right. So probably yeah, for sure. But I stopped going to school in ninth grade. Oh, you might've been an NFL player. Facts. But I don't think the average. Do the, how much money do the average NFL player make? Do they, they make more than a rapper? No. Yeah. It all depends. I mean, I think I went the right route. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean unless you play quarterback now quarterbacks they make some bread. Yeah. They make 40, 50 mil a year. Yeah, but you doing better than that too. So, and you did the right thing. Yeah. I facts. Yeah. You ain't take, you don't gotta take no hits. Yeah. Nah. Y'all be bruised up.


Yeah. Ain't no nigga finna be pushing me to the ground and all that. So you go, so the ninth grade, that's the farthest you went in school, right? Yeah. You dropped out. So I got kicked out eighth grade. Oh, you got kicked outta eighth grade. For the second semester of eighth grade. What'd you do to get kicked out The bus? Shit, They kicked out. Oh. So yeah. But you had to, but I thought you could go, if you went to another county outside of DeKalb, you was straight. I still, that's what we thought. So we move up the street to Gwinnett County and I had to go to alternative school Right. In Gwinnett County. Right. And they make you wear, like, that shit was just different bro. Like, 'cause when I went to alternative school in the ca county, you know it's black kids, it's still like it, it's still like regular.


Right. I got out there, it was just nothing but Mexicans. But it was some black people too. But Right. This when I first learned about gangs and Shit. Right. Okay. Type shit. So I went there for a semester. Then I went to South Gwinnett High School for like, probably like a semester. Okay. Then they was trying to kick me out 'cause I was smelling like weed in school, falling asleep in class. But this is about around the time where I'm telling you like I ain't, I ain't really feel like shit was gonna get me nowhere. Right. 'cause I'm an immigrant. Right. So I just stopped caring. Right. So my mama just withdrew me type shit and she started like trying to homeschool me and shit.


And then that shit, I don't know, it just eventually I just, I don't know what the hell happened but it just stopped. You just kinda realized that man school ain't for me. Yeah. Home God. Right. Yeah. And so what, so once you realize like, school ain't for me, what did, so like what are you gonna do? You gotta do something, Shit. Hustle shit. That's all you. That's all I could do for real. Did you ever get your DGED? No. I'm finna get it though. So when you, when your okay. Your mom takes you outta school. Ooh, I got My G. No, I don't think I do. No, Your mom takes you outta school. She's gonna try to homeschool you. You like f it. This ain't for me. What do you tell your mom?


Mom, school ain't for me. Hey, I'm not going. This homeschooling ain't working. I'm gonna get on this grind. Or did you or did you just like, I just gotta do what I gotta do? Honestly, my mama always just knew like, 'cause I used to be get in trouble for like having cars lined up outside the house and shit. So like Cars lined up outside the house? Yeah. Type shit. You a general manager of the car dealership or something. That's the, that's the only way that's supposed to happen. Like people outside waiting in the car and shit. Okay. Yeah. So she, I feel like she had a idea, but I think I was just too grown. Even though I was young, I was just like grown. Like I can't explain it. It was like you Wast much older than your age.


Your age. Yeah. Like you can't tell me nothing. 'cause I already be gone for god damn two, three weeks at a time type shit. So it's like if you tell me something, I'm gonna just get the hell on. Right. And go do it somewhere else. So when did the affiliation with the gangs, when did that come about? Like, I don't know. I feel like when you from the hood, they just automatically like affiliate you with a gang. Right. Just growing up in the area, Did you feel you Need I ain't, I ain't never been initiated into no gang and no shit. Yeah. So that's, that's that's, you're not a part of a gang. Did people just assume? Yeah. Because you was doing devious, you know, stuff.


Right, Right. Stealing the cars and, and whatever else was going on. They just automatically assumed you were part of a gang. Right. Just from being from a certain side of town and shit. Right. Yeah. So did they say anything? Did your mom them say anything to you? Like, bro, bro, what you gonna do with your life? I think, I think my mama used to like beg my daddy to like step up type shit. More than like to me like, 'cause I feel like she felt, she probably felt like shit, what else can he do for real? Right. Type shit. And it wasn't like I was just stupid.


Like I kind of knew what I was doing type shit. So I think she more used to like say that shit to my daddy. Like come like get him or come be with him or, but then again, it's like she probably was saying that, but I wouldn't would've, I wouldn't have went for that though. Yeah. I was about to say. Yeah. Even if he had come, if he had come to the States and tried to take you back, were you gonna go? I younger? Yeah. I probably would've like 16, 17. Right. But by the time I was 20. But you grown ass man now. I mean he can't get you to go nowhere. Right. I had my son though. Right.


So it wasn't, that wasn't an option no more Right. Type shit. I had my son the same year I got shot. So that was 2013, right? I was 20. So you was 20? Yeah. Take us back to that date. Do you remember anything about that day? About the day you got shot and your friend got killed? Do you remember anything about that day? Was it a normal day? Did you wake up like, ah, this is, this is a Tuesday, this is a Wednesday. I'm gonna start my day. I'm almost gonna carry on. What was it about that day? Did anything feel different? Yeah, it kind of, some it ain't really feel different, but when I look, you know how you, in the moment you, you don't, it don't feel different.


Right. But you look back on it and it's like, damn. 'cause that day was my birthday. Okay. So like He was turning 21. Correct? Yeah. Okay. It was my birthday. His, his mama birthday and his nephew birthday. Okay. Y'all got the same birthday. So I was trying to like book a hotel room so we could have like a kickback and shit. Okay. Like for that weekend. And he called me 'cause I had like a couple cars and shit like, but they were my not stolen cars. Like cars I paid for. Okay. And, and one of my cars, I had speakers in the trunk like, you know how people put speakers in the trunk? Yeah. And one of his speakers went out in one of his cars.


So he needed one of mine. And he was like, shit, I'm gonna just give you one of mine when I, when I, whenever I go buy a new one, I don't feel like going up there now. So. And he was like, I want to see Kamar too, my son. Right. So I wasn't at the house. I was with my other partner. He ended up getting killed too. His name one, one, I was with him. He was like riding with me and shit. We was trying to get the, he was gonna get the hotel room and his name 'cause I ain't got no id, I ain't got no license. So I needed somebody to get the room and they name. So I was riding with him and shit. And Johnny is my friend who was with me that got killed. Okay. He had went to my mama house. 'cause me and my mama, me and my mama last baby daddy, like my little sister daddy, we had all went in like we was paying rent on the house.


Okay. They was paying more than me, but I was paying, I was probably paying like 500. They was probably paying like 600 Okay. Or some shit. And so we was all staying together. So he had, 'cause remember I told you like my mama and her other baby daddy broke up Right. And shit and she ain't have nowhere to go type shit. Right. So we finally back together in the house. So Jan had went to my mama house and he had went to see my mama went to see my son and he had got to speak out the car and shit. Okay. But I remember like that whole day, now that you say it, like I remember that whole day I kept telling myself like, I gotta pull up on Johnny.


I gotta pull up on Johnny type shit. 'cause he wanted something that I had and I wanted something that he had. Right. So after he seen my son and shit and that was his first time just going to see my son on his own. Like he ain't never did that before. Right. Type shit. So after he went to go see my little boy and shit, I had pulled up at his house and he was like, he was like, ride with me somewhere right quick. I gotta handle some shit. He was like, I don't feel like going to my car though. Let's, let's just ride in your car. Okay. Because I was in one of my little pluck plucks like, like a hoopy right. Type shit. Like a low key car. So goddamn the shit's so crazy because like when we was in the car on the way to wherever he was trying to go to, his grandma called and his grandma was on the exact same street.


But where we was going was to the left. And where his grandma was at was to the right. Okay. But on the same street. Okay. And she called like right before we turned on the street. Like we was at the light waiting to go left type shit. So when I used to think back on it, I used to be like, damn. Like, you know how they be like in life you, you got a choice like which way you can go type shit. And I used to be like, damn, if he would've went right, he would've still been alive type shit. Right. So we make, we made, we ended up making a left or whatever we ended up pulling up or whatever. And like a nigga just jumped in the backseat and just was like geared up type shit. Then a whole bunch of this shit started happening.


Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Do you think with the setup, because that mean you say this is the, this is a bucket, this is the car that, you know, low key. Don't nobody really know. Did did people know you had this car? Not people who knew me. 'cause I was always like a super low key. Right. Like I got a flash, I had a flashy car too. Right. But nah, didn't nobody know about this car for real. I be thinking back on like a lot of shit. 'cause even like after that shit I used to be like damn I done deal like a lot of shit to a lot of people type shit. So I used to be like, this shit coulda came from anywhere type shit. Right. So that day used to cross my mind, but I don't really know.


Did you feel you let your guard down to allow somebody to get to jump on you like that? Not really. Not really because I was on point. I think that's how I made it type shit. Like I was already looking back type shit. Did you know the guy? I ain't know. So he Says give it up. Whatever you had on you like, okay bro. Hey, whatever I got here take. You didn't have it. You, you said I ain't got nothing bro. I had some But you told him you, you told him you didn't have anything? No, I had something else for him. Oh You had? Yeah. Not what he wanted you.


Right, right, right. Okay. Okay.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it. The thrills at their 15 world-class theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need. For an amazing getaway


Yeah. Type shit. But he had something for me too. Right. Shit. So he got to jump on you Kind of. Not really though. 'cause they was really scared. For real. It was one or two. It was two of 'em. It was two of 'em. Okay. One of 'em jumped in the backseat. Okay. One of 'em was standing up outside the car. Okay. Type shit. So the one who was sh standing outside the car, he shot me off the rip right here. Okay. Because I'm turned like this. So he like, fuck nigga boom type shit. Okay. Then he take off running. So now it's just me and buddy in the back seat. Okay. But my brother, he like, I remember screaming to him type shit 'cause me and Buddy started going back and forth like his arm was like over the seat and my arm was like over the seat.


Okay. So I remember like, but I was shot. So I remember saying like, like Johnny shoot him, shoot him, shoot him type shit. And me and Buddy was just going back and forth and then he started, buddy in the backseat started screaming like Ah, So you hit him? Yeah, but I was hit up too. Right. So when I remember like the gun jam type shit. So I had cocked the back again and when I put my arm over the seat he put his gun on my arm and shot me. So my gun fell out my hand and I remember us fighting over my gun, then it went off one more time. Boom. And I got shot right here in my hand from holding the gun type shit.


Then he got up and he tried to run and he collapsed type shit. And then I remember that's when I, I had an iPhone then this was probably like the iPhone three or some shit ugly as iPhone. So I got down, I remember like trying to unlock the phone to call nine one one and like my blood kept drying up the screen type shit. Right. So I remember I got out the car but first that's how I, I knew Johnny was dead type shit. 'cause like after Buddy got out the car and ran, I remember I told Johnny like, pull off bro. Pull off, pull off. And then the car wasn't moving but his, his foot was on the gas.


Right. But it was in park. Right. So the engine was just like reved Up Then it, it was like some movie shit. The windshield wipers was like, but it wasn't raining. Right. And then you know the door like when you got the door open and ding, ding ding like the alarm to tell you close the door Right. Type shit. So I jumped out the car, I went and knocked on somebody door. They ain't come to the door. So I went back to the car and got down. I unlocked my phone. I, I finally like, I didn't even unlock it back then it was like slide for emergency call. Right. So I ended up sl it call 9 1 1. Like yeah, yeah I'm shot. Woo woo.


They get to asking all tight just dicked out ass questions. Like what the fuck bro? Like I'm shot What street man, what the fuck you mean what street? Who, who? I don't know the street. I'm just shot Right. Type shit. So they like, I remember telling them like my, my brother dead, my brother dead type shit. And then I remember laying there and I guess the nigga who was driving them niggas, he came looking for the nigga who was in the backseat. I guess he couldn't find a nigga. So goddamn they, he rolled back past and I remember being on the phone 'cause I thought they was finna ride back past to handle the business.


Right. So I scoot back type shit. I was on the phone, the lady like they riding back past type shit. Then I remember the police pulled up. I don't even think I told her. I think I just put the phone like down type shit and just did like that. Then the police pull up. So I get out the car 'cause I'm a victim. I'm like man, this nigga talking about put your hands up. He put your hands up, let me see your hands. I'm like bro I can only put, I can only put this arm up 'cause remember I told you he shot me in this arm arm. So I put the arm up, I'm like, I'm shot in this arm, I'm shot in this arm. He like sit on the curb and put both of your hands behind your back.


I'm like man I'm shot in this arm. I can't put it behind my back. He like put it behind your back. So I think I just like mean this shit, like that type shit. Then I sat right there for a minute, then the ambulance pulled up and when the ambulance got there, I remember the lady, it was a white lady. I wanted to see her like, so I wonder like how she doing type shit. But she, she was in the back of the ambulance. So they put me on the scratch and shit. They cut my clothes open, put me on the stretcher. So she put me in the back and she was like, she was like, let's hurry up and get him to the hospital before the sergeant get here and he bleed to death type shit.


'cause I guess like when, when you in critical condition or some shit like, well I don't even think I was in critical condition. I think I was just bleeding a lot. Right. I guess like they, they objective is for the detective to hurry up and ask you questions just in case. Right. Type shit. So she was like, hurry up. So they put me in the ambulance and we just went to the hospital. How many times did you get Hit? Six. And then No vital organs though. No, no. Vital organs. So what do you think happened to your He got friendly fire. My brother. Yeah. The one that was in the car with you? No, I think the dude in the back seat shot him in the head.


Oh okay. Like when it first happened. Right. Because he had his gun on him too. Right. But he never shot. Right. So that's why when you're saying Johnny shoot him, he couldn't because he had already got hit. Yeah. I think he got hit like off the rail. Real type shit. Right. Yeah. So what happened to the guy that was in the back that ended up collapsing? Did he live? Yeah, he lived. Okay. He was paralyzed. Right. I don't know about now. Right. Well that's what I heard. You know how you hear shit in the street but you don't know like Right. Yeah. He lived though. From what I remember. Right. What I know. Yeah. The guy, did they ever find the guy that shot you that was outside the car? Yeah, they, they, they, they, I don't know about, I know they found two people but I didn't know what they looked like.


Right. So I, I couldn't tell like the police shit really. It was dark type. Right. So I think they ended up, they got charged and then it got thrown out type shit. You think about that. Do you think about that day what could have been, what, what could you have done differently? Yeah. Hell yeah. But I ain't even wanna really ride with that day 'cause I was really just trying to chill. Right. It was my birthday. Right. We had some shit like some drinking shit, some looking and shit. We was finna get drunk. So I was really just going over there to kick it with him. Right. Type shit. So yeah, I be thinking about that. But the, the main thing I think about is like, like I heard his grandma on the phone telling him like, I'm ready 'cause he pick her up from work every day.


Right. And I just used to think like damn, I wish he would've just went and got his grandma instead type shit Because he wouldn't have got his grandma. You wouldn't have been in the car, you wouldn't have been there. He wouldn't have been there and that day would've never happened. Facts. Yeah. On God. You've seen a lot of tragedy. Your uncle ended up getting killed. You. That wasn't my real uncle though. Right. But remember I told you like how we like made Like family over here? Yeah. He got killed when I was in third grade. I remember I was, I was, I think I was asleep but I was so bad I probably was up but I remember it was a school night and I remember just hearing like boom, boom boom boom boom boom.


And I remember jumping up and I remember jumping up and looking at my window and then my mama came in the room and just started hugging me type shit started holding me but I was so young. I think I knew it was gunshots but something was telling me it was firecrackers. Right. So I go back to sleep and I remember getting up the next like a couple hours later, like that was probably like two in the morning. I had to get up probably like seven for school. Right. And I remember like my mama there was iron in my outfit for school and shit and the news was on and they was like, I think it was five of them that got killed that night.


It was like four, four or five. It might've been six. It was like the dudes came, they kept big boy, which was like my uncle. They killed Swiss shop and like another one of they partners and like two maintenance men. And then I remember like my mama telling me or it was either my mama or my stepdad. It was like yeah they killed big boy type shit. But then when I got older, you know how you replay shit back in your head. I was like he robbed the wrong person. 'cause I remember like all that week he had went and bought one of them new Tahoes, the Z 72 trucks.


What? The Z 71? Yeah. That the, the two though trucks. Yeah I know exactly what you talking about. Yeah. That the high end. Yeah. He had bought one of them. He had, I remember walking down there 'cause like when I was young they used to like gimme like little dollars and shit and I used to like rap like do little like little Freestyle, Three bars and some shit and they'll gimme some dollars. So I remember one time like that week I went down there and they was like all outside by the Z 71. Like they was on the truck chilling on the truck smoking and shit. I remember I seen like a big ass bag of weed. Probably like five pounds or some shit. Wow. It was bags of weed on the like hood of the car.


And I remember one of them, one of them, his name was Kevin. He used to have a box Chevy on 20 threes with the Jordan logo on. I remember him like man put that shit up bro. What the hell wrong with y'all? Put that shit up. But I remember like I ain't never seen them had that much weed. Right. I seen him smoke weed a million times. They ain't never had that much weed. So I feel like that's what happened. But I don't know. Right. But I feel like that's what happened Though. Hit somebody stash out, Huh? Yeah, the wrong nigga And they came back 'cause they chased him. They, he was in like, it was some more apartments connected to my apartments and it was a cut and got down. He got shot in the next apartments. So he was running, he saw him coming In the head once but he still was alive.


And he ran all the way from them apartments ran like through the cut 'cause the cut is like right next to my building. He came through the cut and ran all the way down there to like, to the end. Like where our street, it was a dead end on our street. And he ran all the way to like where my cousin Rakim stayed at and he ended up dying like collapsing on they front step type shit. Right. Oh God. But your 21st birthday, that wasn't the first time you had gotten shot, was it? Was that the first time you got shot? No, that was the second time. The first time was like on some like bullshit though. It was just like a graze for real. It wasn't just like no, just, you know what I'm saying?


Like I ain't even go to the hospital. Right. Yeah. Was it was accident or was someone intentionally trying to It I think it was a accident. Okay. Yeah. 21st birthday you lose your partner, you almost lose your life. You watch, you've gotten grades before your, your uncle who's not your biological uncle, but he was raised up with you so he, you was considered him an uncle. At what point in time? Savage. Do you say enough of this? Mm, I think like, yeah after I got shot Because you got a kid you gotta thinking now you got, you got another life to be responsible for.


It ain't just you now. For sure. I remember thinking about that too. Like while I was sitting there I was like, I remember I just kept mumbling like I can't go out like this, can't go out like this, can't go out like this type shit. And I was just thinking about my little boy type shit. Did you ever lose consciousness? Not from what I remember. Right. You've, you've lost siblings. Yeah. You mentioned that I think it's your, your father's had a son that ended up getting stabbed death, correct? Yeah, in London. In my grandma neighborhood. That's why I just shot my last video at Yeah.


How does one that have experienced death so much, how does one cope with it? Mm It's one thing to know someone's gonna die of old age. We got grandparents or we have someone over there with a terminal illness. Okay. That's one thing. But to see someone lose their life so young to see a, a parent bury a child when no one, no parent should have to bury a child. It's supposed to be the other way. The child bury the parent. How does one begin to cope or wrap their minds around death in that capacity? I don't know. I don't know how I do it.


'cause I done had times like why I cry sometimes tight shit when I'm by myself and shit. But I don't know. I think you just gotta be built for this shit. Like you gotta just be built for it. Like you learn how to like just like move forward in life and just accept certain shit. But it's like, it still hurt though, but Right. I don't know like what it, I don't know how I cope with it honestly. I read where you said after your brother's death I took my anger out on you. I wish I could take that ish back. Yeah. What do you mean by that? Like, like growing up like I ain't really, we ain't really talk like that neither.


'cause I used to be like kind of jealous of like the relationship that him and my daddy had. I used to feel like my little brother was the son he wanted and I was, I was the son that he didn't want type shit. So like when me and my, my daddy relationship faded is like me and my relationship with like that whole side of the family faded type shit. But like right before he died we had just started back talking. Okay. So it was like me saying that was like damn I regretted all the other, all the years that we wasn't talking because I felt like you was like spoiled by my like, you know what I'm saying?


Right. Like you was his favorite type shit. Like he ain't really fuck with me. He, he wasn't there for me. How he was there for you type shit. Right. Like I remember one time like my daddy had came to visit this the only time he ever came to visit and he had nothing use like my mama told him like no my my mama baby, my stepdaddy told my mama like they ain't gotta spend no money on no hotel while they here they can come stay with us type shit. Yeah. On God y'all barely had enough room for you guys But shit West Indians just like that. Yeah right. Okay. Real cram in this bitch. Like God we going to cram in this motherfucker.


So, so they came and stayed with us and shit and he had brought my little brother with him and I remember one day god damn he had done took the van, he had took us to city transits and shit and goddamn he only bought my little brother shit. He ain't buy me shit though type shit. And then I remember I think my mama and my stepdaddy got to arguing about that because he took too long with the car. Right. And my stepdaddy had to go to work type shit. So I remember just being like, I remember like being in the store and like I was like picking out shit and he wasn't grabbing my shit that I was picking out but he was grabbing my little brother shit type shit.


And I remember like, like being jealous, like being hurt by that type shit. Right. So God, I ain't never say shit though like that. Like when, 'cause I was too young so it was kind of like a, you know when you young and you feel some type of way about something Right. But you can't say nothing. Right. So it was just like you just eat it. Right. So I remember we got home, I remember them arguing and shit and then I remember my stepdaddy telling my daddy like, this ain't got nothing to do with you bro. You good. Like, like don't worry about nothing. You didn't do nothing wrong. She was supposed to tell y'all what time I had to go to work type shit. Right. And God damn, I remember my daddy.


We, we go home, we, we at home now. Well we walk in the house 'cause I think my stepdaddy told my daddy that while we was like in the parking lot. So we walk in the apartment, we go in the house. I remember my daddy and my mama talking and shit. Then I remember my daddy called me in the room and he was like, he was like, I ain't gonna lie, I'm homesick type shit. He was like, I think I'm gonna leave early. What Type shit. And I remember being like, I remember being like hurt by that too type shit. And then he left type shit.


And I, I remember that's when I first started like being like, man fuck this nigga. Like that's my, that was my first feeling of like, and my brother. Right. That's when I first started being jealous of my brother. 'cause I was like, you ain't seen me in years. You done brought my brother out here and bought him all type shit. You ain't buy me nothing. Right. Type shit. So I think that's where that like jealousy like came from type shit. But I wish I never did that because With You're a child with my brother. But I think I couldn't control. No, you're a child. That's like anything. I mean if you, you got two kids and you buy one constantly, the other child will become resentful of the child that you buy everything for and the child that you don't get anything, he'll resent both the child and the parent.


Yeah. So it's, it's a natural reaction. Savage. I mean that, that was not something that you could consciously like, you know what, it's okay. You know, blah blah. That's not how, that's not how a child minds function. Yeah. But it explains why you have the resentment towards your father and you ended up growing even though it wasn't your brother's fault, but still he was getting gifts and things that you weren't. Yeah. And so you resented him for getting things that you couldn't get and you resented the father for giving it to him and you the opportunity and that, you know, you hear people say all the time Savage that you know, make sure you tell someone that you love him. You know, know when it's gonna be the last time or you might not get an opportunity and he will, you see, you sit back and like man Yeah.


On God, The feelings that I had towards him, what I would give to tell him I love you and I I appreciate you and bro. Oh god. Yeah. The type of father that you are, I'm assuming correct me if I'm wrong, is that you want to be everything that your father wasn't facts to your son that your father wasn't to you. Facts. Yeah. But I kind of understand like with my daddy, like I don't, like I had forgave him for all that shit when I was a child. Right. It was more so like the reason why we not talking now is because like shit that he did like as an adult just kind of rubbed me the wrong way.


Right. But like I kind of understand like your child in a whole nother country, you ain't rich. Right. But it was just like Time doesn't cost anything though. Right. But it was like other little things. You see what I'm saying? So it was kind of like, but now like with my kids, I be feeling like I don't be doing all the way my job because of my job. Right. Type shit. So I be trying to like balance that out. Like trying to like, it's like you, you, you work to re receive to gain all this success and all the good shit.


But it's like I feel like the best parents in my opinion is parents that don't got it all. I feel like broke parents are, are better than rich parents in my opinion. Because when you broke you got way more time type shit. Right. So you there for like a lot of the shit like Yeah. Gifts and shit matter. But they don't matter at the same time. Sometimes all the kid needs is time. Facts. Your time. Facts. Facts. Something that a gift can't replace facts. We see Yo Gotti lost his brother. Yeah. Was coming, was at a funeral and ended up losing, ended up his son, his brother ended up losing his life.


Savage. How do we, how do we stop that cycle? Because I heard Rick Ross call and say, bro, let's put the guns down. Let's put the mask down. Let's, let's come together. Yeah. Let's build this com. Let's build these communities. Let's get this paper together. Let's stop this senseless violence. How, I don't know, I don't think that shit ever would stop. It's just my opinion. Like people been killing forever. That shit just life. But what, what are they actually killing? Four.


Nothing. But you can't, there's nothing that you can kill somebody for that validates Right. Killing You fighting over territory that doesn't belong to you. That block doesn't belong to you. That belong to the man. Yeah. But I don't feel like people really fight over blocks no more. Like I think it be like shit that people do to each other. Right. Is it because It's like you could look at it from two points of views. Okay. Because when I was younger I used to look at it from my point of view. But now that I'm older, it is like I look at it from like a older point of view. Right. But when I was younger it was like if somebody kill your brother, like what, what can stop you from wanting to kill they brother You seeking revenge.


Like what can stop you from wanting to do that? You feel what I'm saying? Like then I be like, damn, what give like people the right to say when you can kill because it's people who damn they got a license to kill. Who can go, they can go kill somebody Legally what? What's the difference? Like what makes their reason more valid than this young boy who just lost his brother?


As We gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it. The thrills at their 15 world class theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.


You feel what I'm saying? So it's like I don't feel like killing whatever stopped probably the amount and the how it's happening and shit can slow down. Right. But I feel like as long as you got life, you got killing. When did you decide that rap was gonna be your way out and you was gonna put that behind you? How old were you when you said, you know what, I can do this. I mean I think 50 50 was a guy that that ended was in the game, ended up getting shot nine times, turned his life around. I don't know if 50 is the role model of yours. I think I read somewhere where you said three six Mafia.


Yeah. I liked the they music growing up but I ain't really know much about Three Six Mafia. Like I knew about Project Pat, like his story, I ain't really know about Three Six Mafia like as a whole story. Right. 50 cent was a thousand percent. Like I looked it up to him growing up too for sure. Like, 'cause he told his story more than like a lot of other artists. He had a movie and all this type of shit so. Right. I knew his story a little more. Like I was inspired by his story and shit. So when did you decide to say I'm gonna give this rap thing a try? Like after I got shot? Yeah. That's when I really just started like trying to like rap for real.


Right. I had made songs playing around and shit with friends. Right. But that's when I started like really like putting my money into it and shit like that. Right. Okay. You meet Metro booming. Yeah. And so that was, so how did you meet him and how did you guys become such good friends? I met Metro Booming through Key. It's a Atlanta rapper named Key and I met Key through Man Man, he a rapper from Atlanta too. Right. And Key used to bring me around. So digital, Nobody has real names. Huh? Everybody got Man, man and Key Slim, skinny. Oh God. Po Oh God. Shehe True.


Touche. Touche. Right. Goddamn. They used Key used to bring me around Sonny and Sonny was the man. Okay. And then everybody used to be at Sonny House. Right. And then that's how I met Metro. So you met you up, he give you, so did he know, did he know you rapped at the time? I don't think so. He ain't know me. Right. But I just walked up on him like, man I'm Savage bro, I need some beats, I'm finna start rapping. And he fucked around and sent me a couple beats and I had did like a couple songs on him and he fucked with him. And then we just grew a relationship And it, it took off from there. Yeah. Did did you think or did you know But really Sonny, Sonny?


My, my songs was Sonny Blew up before my songs were Metro Okay. Type shit. Okay. So it was really, me and Sonny was locked in. Like Metro was giving me beats too. But I was doing like projects with Sonny and shit. Sonny was like showing me how to record. Okay. Like let me use his house to record and all type of shit. And then me and Metro grew our relationship while all that was going on type shit. Yeah. Did you think you could become this? Because I remember I used to like when I had caught my little first little song, I remember I used to be sitting at Sonny House like, man when the hell you supposed to start getting show money bro type shit.


Right. And he used to be like, bro, don't worry bro. It's gonna come bro. Trust me bro. Like it's gonna come type shit. I ain't think it'll be like this. Nah. Hell no. Because back then it was like people was blowing up. But I don't know if people was blowing up that big. Right. I feel like all the people who this big right now, like we all got there around the same time type shit. Right. Like we ain't have nobody be like what Future back then who was just right big Like that Future says if young Metro don't trust you, I'm gonna shoot you. I mean, but you look at your guy, I mean what is it about Atlanta, you future Tip Luda.


I mean East Side if you, if you in the rap game, I think Lil Baby. Yeah. I think Atlanta's just like a player city. Like it's just player. Like we just, I don't know. We just know how to talk, we know how to walk, dress, talk to women, set trends. It's just Right. It's something in the air. I don't know. I had Tia on the podcast. Tia said you asked him for a million dollars and he said no because he said that I would have to take more from you. Yeah. He was still trying to sign me though. Tia cheap as hell.


He gonna try to, but I did. He he sent me an offer. Yeah. And I, my counter offer was I want a million. Right. And he was like, shit, I'm gonna have to take so much from you in return. Right. That it ain't even worth, it ain't even gonna be worth the million in the future type shit. So he actually saved you from yourself. Facts. Yeah. I look up to ti 'cause ti one of them niggas, he rich as a motherfucker but he tight as hell. That's how he keep that money though. Right. He's smart with his money. Had a platinum album before you signed your first deal. Yeah. Yeah.


So Now you in you you in a very favorable situation because you got you, I mean it's not necessarily you gotta do a bad deal because you already got a platinum album. It's not like a situation you're looking to get signed. So you can release an album. You already got the album. Was it platinum up or was it gold? Gold. Gold. You had platinum single. I had platinum, platinum singles. Yeah. But I had a gold album. Right. Yeah. But you straight. Yeah, for sure. So it kept, so that kept you out of a bad deal? Yeah because I was like, it was like all type of street niggas I was supposed to sign to who had like little labels and shit. Right. But something just used to tell me like, man hell nah, don't take no 30,000.


Don't take no 50. Oh right. Like you worth more than that. Right. You end up doing a 70 30 split, right? Yeah. Yeah. With Epic. Right? Yeah. That was my first bill. It was like 70 30 but like they had like a 10% distribution fee, some shit. Right. Yeah. So what, what's your take on streaming? I hear Snoop Dogg say, man look here man, them streaming you stream a billion and man you ain't really making no money. What's your, what's your, what's your, what's your thoughts on streaming? I think it all depends on how your deal structured. 'cause it's some money in screaming, Much money in screaming. It's just about like how your deal's structured and how much you scream type shit.


Well it seemed to me To be there gotta be some, some money in it. 'cause my label be giving me some money. Okay. I was, I was about to say because the way you talking, you talking like you got a structured deal that you be getting. They gotta be making money because they giving me money. Right. So it's some money in that shit. Some real money in it. Lemme ask you about your catalog future. Sold his catalog, I think you sold it 65, 70 5 million. Is that something you'd be interested in at some point? Yeah, I probably lay down down the line for sure. Yeah. I only got a couple albums right now though. Right. But you gonna stock it on and it Depends. It depends how, how much my hustle, how I apply my hustle. Right. 'cause shit, I might fuck around and invest in something and become a billionaire and be able to pass my catalog down to my kids.


Right. Might not even have to sell my catalog. Right. I'm looking at the, the Excel, Freshman Class, Lil Vert, Yachty, Kodak, Denzel, Kurt j Herbo, David East Lil Dickie Anderson, PAC Designer. And you boy, y'all here to lick that year. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Y'all here to lick. Yeah, for sure. There was some stars on that cover. Do you, do you, do you ever sit back and like, man, considering what your, your story of how coming to to Atlanta from London or the east side, your upbringing, there's a lot of things that could have happened that this didn't happen. Do you ever sit back and like, damn man, this I'm doing Savage.


All Right. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes. Yeah. But I be like, I still gotta keep going though. You Still trying to grind? Yeah, I do be like appreciative though. I do sit back and just daydream sometimes. Like, damn, this shit coulda went this way or this way. Type shit. Right. For Sure.


You shouldn't have to worry when you buy tickets to your next big event. Game time is the fast and easy way to buy tickets for all your sports, music, comedy and theater events near you. With Killer Last Minute deals, all in prices, views from your seat and the best price guaranteed Game Time takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Game Time is the only ticket app that gives you complete peace of mind with your purchase. See the view from your seat before you buy so you know exactly what to expect when you arrive. All in prices show you the total upfront so you know exactly what you're getting a great deal. Before you check out buy tickets in two seconds with two taps. Take the guesswork outta buying tickets with game Time. Download the game Time app, create an account. Use the code Sheha for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an app, redeem the code Sheha for $20 off. Download game time today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed.


Your new project, American Dream is projected to have your number one album. First album in six years. How much have you grown since your first album? I think I, my sound just changed, like my beat selection, like just talking about deeper things and just like, I feel like I'm just growing up like I'm a grown up now. Right. Type shit. I was like a young nigga when I first came out. I was just saying anything type shit. Right. Samples on the album. How difficult was it? How difficult was it to clear the samples for some of the music that you used?


Jen do that. My a r she, she be handling, she be on, on top of all that shit. So she ain't really come back to me like nothing was too hard Right to clear this time. But it do get hard. Sometimes It gets hard because they want to charge more than what you think it's worth or they just don't want you to sample it. Some people just don't want you to sample that shit. Right. Like one of my songs, like they cleared it for the album, but then when it was time for me to do like commercials or like TV performances, they wouldn't clear it. So it was like, damn, I should have just never cleared it for the album in the first place because now this song big and And you can't sing it.


I can't really do nothing, do it Right. Everything that I want to do with it. So why So why would they let you do it for the album but not let you do it commercially? I don't know Man. Do you ever look and see like, okay, American Dream supposed to drop and somebody else like, you know what, like three other artists might be dropping that week. Would you ever move yours up or push yours back? Or you like, hey, made the best man win It depend on who dropping. I'm gonna keep it all the way real. If it's somebody too big I'm gonna get up out they way. Right. But I'm gonna normally know that before I even Right.


Drop like I'm gonna know like, you know, all the labels have like a calendar of what be coming out for the most part. Right. But yeah, I, I get up out somebody way but people get up out my way too Though. Right. They should. Yeah. I'm looking at this. Are you the best rapper that 2016 class? I feel like I am. Right. But I feel like everybody in that class should feel like they is too. Right. But hell yeah. I feel like I am for sure Dark Days song of the album. You would say your gun won't love you back and the block won't hug you back. That song. Yeah. I really was like in the booth like talking like to like a younger me.


Okay. A young man in that same situation type shit. Like I was just like telling him like I yeah this shit might look cool but in reality like this is the truth. Like this what it really is right here. Like this the real type shit. And I was just like talking to him in that way. Like yeah you, you could say you love that block but the it don't love you, it ain't gonna hug you back. Right. You can stay like hug the block. That's like posting on the block all night. It ain't gonna hug you back. You could love your gun but your gun ain't never gonna love you back. Right. Turn around And kill. You gonna lose your friends after your candlelight.


Dang. Ain't nobody gonna come check on your mama like that. They ain't gonna give her nothing. Wow. Like you feel me? Like that's just how shit go. For real. You told kids to stay in school. Talked about seeing friends take their last breath, talked about crying at night and mamas crying. Talked about kids growing up without Fathers Said even thought you even thought about suicide. Tell the story that don't want people to live. So what is it about that lifestyle that people find? So not people but young men especially a lot of young men of color find so fascinating When you young, You damn near get rewarded for dumb shit.


Right. Like when you young. But it ain't like a real reward but it's like you get more attention. I say that like, like when we be growing up, like we don't be getting a lot of attention type shit. Like Right. Me, our daddy ain't, you know, mama always busy type shit. So like when you do bad shit, remember I told you like you get a counselor. Right. That was like something cool in school. Like if you had a counselor, like other kids looked at you like, like you was something type shit. Right. So it's like it just build up and build up and build up type shit and you just used to getting rewarded for dumb shit. Or not dumb shit, but like bad shit. Right. That it just carry on and then you just, before you know it, you a grown man and you just stuck in this shit type shit.


But you wasn't the one that made it. You got an opportunity to be a grown man. Got an opportunity to look back and say look, made some mistakes. Don't learn. Don't do. Make the mistakes that I made. Yeah. You wanted a few. Yeah. Bless you Barry. Yeah. I know a lot of people that didn't On this album. Young Thug. Young Thug, thug. Recorded or prerecorded. Do you still talk to Thug? Yeah. Not like that though, but Right. We, we didn't talk The 21 American Dream. You got a story, a movie coming out? No, That was a parody Apparent. Oh, okay.


Do you think your story, you think your story is good enough to be a movie or a documentary? You got a very interesting story. Savage. Do You think? You think so? I Do because it's the American dream. I mean, think about how many people you hear about this all the time. People migrating to America and you are an American success story. Not a whole lot of money. Very tough upbringing. Single parent. I mean you had love and you could've gone down this path and you went down this path for a period of time, but somehow you come back down the straight and narrow and here we are, American love, success stories. Why Not? Yeah, yeah.


Yeah. I feel like it could be one day they'll hate on it now though. Why They go hate on It? Because they gonna be like, what the fuck? 20 ones Savage deserve a story for a movie by him for Right. What he did. Right. You know how they do You, you know what they hate on your relationship with Drake. Why people got, why people got beef with Drake. What Drake do to anybody? I don't know. So, because you know you gonna get blow back if you cool with Drake. They hate No Him. They gonna hate on you two. Yeah. I don't know. I fuck with Drake though. Drake my boy. Yeah. You sure? I mean, what's not, what's not to like about the band? I mean, hell, everything he touched turned to platinum damn gold, platinum. Oh God.


Oh God. Yeah. Do you think people are envious of your relationship? Because obviously he, it's not like he, I don't, I wouldn't say that he doesn't mess with a whole lot of people, but he seems to have it very, you and he seem to have a very special relationship and sometimes people get envious of that. They want what you have, What you feel like a man is. If he jealous of how cool two other men are, what do you, what what you think, what you think that is. What you would look at like that. Like if, if somebody said, I don't like how Steven, they fuck with Shannon Sharp. Like how that, how that'll make you feel. What you would look at that. Like That's some hate as you know what?


Right. Because it is. But what I, what you have to understand, and I'm learning this Savage, is that as you rise, the applause are gonna come. But so is the hate and the criticism. So if you're not willing to accept the applause and the e imagination that comes along with the rise, you might as well get off because the hate and the criticism coming. Yeah. Yeah. And that's a part of it. And you just have to accept that. And, and that can't, the the, the the hate and the criticism, it can't drown out the applause and the adulation. Right. What adulation mean? Applause. The praise the, the Grammys. The man Savage. You hear Savage album Man F Savage.


Man I don't fuck F with that dude like that man. He ain't like that. Yeah. You know that's, you know that's coming. Yeah. But see everybody, everybody see as long as you like here and everybody's here with you, we cool Savage. But now, now hold on. Now don't you go here because if I can't go here with you, I'm gonna start hating on you. Yeah. Now if you get here, now I gotta say some stuff that might not even be true. Right. Because I don't want people to like you more than they like me. I Ain't never been like that though. I know you not, but there are a lot of people that are. Yeah. I wonder why though. Like what make you be like that? Like I always look at it like shit that's just like me hanging on Drake. Yeah. I'm trying to get there.


Right. I look at it like inspiration, like shit, I'm working. That's, see that's how I look at it. I look at anybody that's done something, well it's been done once. Hell, it can be done again. Right. So if Drake there, hell, why can't I get there? Right. See that's how I look at it. When I saw Stevie a and I see guys that Charles Barkley, things like that. I was like, I'm not hating on him. I was like, I can do that. Let me see, let me get on my grind. Yeah. But that's not how we are. We are not, we are not wired like that. Right. And it's sad, the touring aspect. What, what do you, what do you like, what do you like most about touring and touring with Drake? The money.


Lots of it come with Drake. Huh? That shit just come period. Right. You reach a certain level. 'cause shit, Dre ain't finna pay you nothing that you ain't worth. Right. He ain't like he just paying you 'cause you his friend. Hell nah. They paying you your fee Man. It made me get thinking I should have started rapping instead of playing football. Might as well man. I got you. Well what the hell What a 55-year-old gonna rap About Shit. Rap about goddamn everything. Everything you going through. It's some 55 year olds that goddamn can relate. It's a lot. Google. How many 55-year-old men it is in the world. That's a bunch of 'em. All right then. Nah, you ain't finna get me out there. Help me out there looking Crazy.


Make a song, get some screaming money and then tell me if screaming pay or not. What's it like touring outside the country? It's different. 'cause they, they got, it's like they love, they love hard. They might not even speak English, but they can sing every word that you be singing. Yeah. That shit crazy. I ain't never got love like that before. Really? Well I have, I have. But I think it's just different because they don't see you as often. Right. So they appreciate you more. Right. Type shit.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world-class theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.


Yeah. So you love, so you love going, you love, I mean it is not like you don't love touring the states, but you love going outta the country because they give you love. Like, But I, I think it might be different for me because remember I couldn't travel for so long. Like my first time ever performing out the country was a couple months ago. Right. So because you couldn't leave because of situation. Right, right. So I think it was like anticipated for me a lot. Right. But shit, every so showed out they was showing love like a motherfucker. Like screaming every song. Like songs that I wasn't even expecting them to know. They know every word. Every word. Yeah. That shit was crazy. Lemme ask you this, would you ever experiment with your sound like Drake did?


Yeah. Why not? Once I get to Drake level, you got, you gotta be big as hell to experiment. Yeah. Because you could experiment and that shit end your career. Right. But so you gotta have like the leverage to do that right. Type shit. But right now you love, you love the Savage sound right now that's working right now it is booming. You sold out your album's number one. You go, you go platinum. I'm just slowly like evolving like type shit like piece by piece. Like I ain't finna just jump out the window and just make no whole different shit. Right. But I give you like little bits and pieces of it Right as I go type Shit. You like r and b.


Would you ever do an RB album With me singing? Yeah. Hell nah man. I had to go get a a, a vocal Coach. Okay. I love RB though. Right. I listen to that shit more than anything. I don't even listen to rap like that. Okay. You, you like r and b. Gimme your Mount Rushmore r and b artist. If you, you got, you got gimme your top five r and B artists. Can they just artists or group? Can it be either or? It could be either. It's your list. All right. Mount Rushmore ain't in order neither. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Now my Rushmore is only four. But I'm gonna, I'm gonna make it easy on, I'm gonna let you get five. I'm gonna let you get five. All right Usher.


Okay. I love SWV. Okay. Beyonce. Okay. The boy who in jail. Alright. Kelly And five Tough Man number five. Tough bro. I ain't gonna lie. I love Monica. Monica Okay. But then like you got Mary J Bly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You got God damn. 'cause the Isley brothers got some shit For sure. It's so many other ones but them probably who I listen to the most. Right.


What your Mount worth more B, R and B. Well Usher that definitely gotta be on there. Usher for me. I would say Usher Mary J Man, James Brown, I would probably know that's Soul. Marvin Gaye James Brown's soul right. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't put him in RB. Who? James Brown? No I wouldn't either. No. Probably Marvin Gaye. I guess Lu for me. I love Luther. But you can't go wrong with Kenny Latimore either. I don't know. Kenny Latimore. Yeah, He a little bit for your time. Yeah, Yeah.


But you know, but you know, but you know Luther right? Yeah. Yeah. Luther Van Drum. Yeah. Yeah, For sure. So would you like, let's just say you want to do an RB album. Who, who's the and you can't pick Beyonce? Why I can't pick? Nah, hell nah. Because I know you going because, because you going, I know you gonna pick Beyonce. You can't pick Beyonce. Who you who jumping on the track with you Just one person? Yeah. For the whole album. You have? Nah, you know what I'm gonna let you do fi You can have, you can have as many as you want. I'm, I'm gonna let you have, I'll let you have Beyonce, Beyonce, Usher gonna do a track. Beyonce gonna do a track.


Beyonce gonna do another track baby. That's two. I'ma just get two. That's Two Right? Two from Beyonce Summer Walker. Okay. That girl she hard as a motherfucker. Coco Jones. Okay. Her Okay. I like her. I'm gonna go get Avan wherever he At. Right. We gonna go get Avant. We gonna get the where Joe? Yeah. Okay. We gonna see where Joe at. Well you might able to put, if you go get what about KC and jojo? You gonna put them on your r and b? They, they be staying still.


They still Say yeah Casey and Jojo, I'm gonna go get Jagged Edge Man, you going way far bad. I'm gonna bring them back together. I'm gonna go get SWV. Okay. I got to comeback out. I love cut close. If they still somewhere singing, I get cut close, I get Samo two to comeback. Okay. Yeah. See I'ma have our type of shit on my shit. Right. I probably make the hardest collaboration on B album of all time if I could just get all them artists. Right. On God. Yeah. It's gonna cost you a lot though. Shit. It is. All right. We gonna scream.


How did it feel to help J Cole win this with Grammy? I think we helped each other. I don't think I just helped him think we helped each other. It felt good. Shit. That was my first Grammy too. Right. Ain't like I just had 10 Grammys and I just gave him a Grammy. Right. We won that motherfucker at the same time. Right. I wouldn't have got it without him. Right. So what, so what was that? What was that feeling like? You're sitting in there. Okay. You get nominated. Obviously it's a huge accomplishment just to get nominated. Everybody say, oh you know, I don't even care if I win as long as I'm nominated Bull Drive. You nominated, you wanna win. Okay. So you sitting there and the Grammy four goes to and they call J Cole 21 Savage. What goes through your mind?


I was sad that day. 'cause that was the day Kobe died. Oh right. So I was kind of sad that day and then like they, my award wasn't announced in the Grammys. Right. I knew I won it before we got there. Oh, that's anti-climatic. It was like one of them like pre-announce. Yeah. Yeah. You want to hear? You want to a, I want to a, I wanna hear my You wanna get up and walk? Yeah. You like walk on stage? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh God. But yeah, that was the day Kobe died. So like bitter sweet. So would you do a co a collab with j Cole? Yeah, for sure. It seems like you like look, you one of these, you one of these artists that, hey, you collab Offset j Cole Drake, you don't seem to have no beef with none of the artists Because I feel like, I feel like life is bigger than like that type shit.


I feel like we all blessed to be in these predicaments and positions and shit. Right. Because I feel like we'll be doing the people an injustice by not giving them that right type shit. Like back in the day, you don't remember like, everybody used to be in everybody video. It was more like Unity. Yeah. Like, because we was all coming from, we, we, we spoiled now. Right. Artists today is spoiled because of how far music has went. Back in the day, it was like it was harder to get on. Right. So they was more appreciative by the time they got, they start getting they shit together.


You know what I'm saying? So they all stuck together a little more. Yeah. We had that. That's why I feel like beefs was so big back then. Right. Because it was like more rare now. Like everybody beefing Got everybody beefing So type shit. But They, they really beefing or they tried to, they're trying to get some publicity. It be half and half. Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna put you on, I got a tough one for you right now. Gimme your top five Atlanta rappers. Without me. Without you. I'm gonna go Future. Okay. TI. Okay. Gucci, Outkast and Young Thug. Okay.


I'm sorry. Luda. Jeezy. Y'all made my top five, but that's Damn Migos Thug Yachty out. Yeah baby. I'm sorry. See you can't do no Atlanta top five. You can, you gotta do Atlanta top 20. No. No. We Got too many Grates. Nah, 'cause I ain to let you put everybody up in there. So when they see this, like I like my five. Them niggas ain't gonna put me in they top five anyway. So shit. Fuck. They might, hell No. They gonna say current, current or all time For what? What, what type of influence did Gucci have on you?


You say you saw Gucci at Miss Wiener's very, very early on. I'm gonna keep it real like growing up on the East side, bro. Gucci made me hate Young Jeezy as a child. Right. You See what I'm saying? Could beat the head, go the head. Yeah. Like I used to really be like, man, fuck Jesus. Right. I'm from the east side nigga Gucci Type shit on God. Gucci had a big impact. Like Right. Gucci was the one like, and he was like, he put that shit on the map. Like let it be known like Right. The east side type shit. Are you big into gifts? Do you buy other, other, I saw Drake bought Thug or Ferrari. Are you big into buying other artist gifts that jump on your album and, and and it blow it up?


Yeah, we be buying, I done bought Drake some shit. He done bought me some shit. I done bought Thug shit. He bought me shit. Like people that I fuck with Right. In Metro. Right. I just don't do shit for the internet. Right. So like You do stuff and don't nobody know about it. Yeah. But a nigga might have a chain on that I bought him. Right. But you would never know. Right. Because I ain't finna like be like huh huh bro. Like Yeah. Type shit. Were you old enough to remember Freak Nicky? Yeah. Freak nigga was like that wasn't it? I, I don't remember being there. I just remember traffic like can't go nowhere. Nope. Type Shit. It was real nice though. But you gotta come to my freak. You been, you know I be throwing Freaknik too. You what? What?


Hold on. What time? What, what really going On? On my birthday. When, when is this? October. Ah man, Man we had like, how many people was out there? Like some thousand people? Yeah. All downtown at the underground. We had, we had Uncle Luke perform. What? Yeah. Yeah. I remember them days. You see what I told you? See after you get 55, you just get on up out the way. You know I had my time in my early twenties, in my late twenties, early thirties. Yeah. I had my time. I had my time with Freaknik. You miss you. It, it was real nice at for real. Oh man.


Let, let me stop. Let me start. I ain't, I ain't gonna say that it was all right. It was all right. Nah, everybody be talking about, you know teeth. What's going on? I, me you spend a lot. You put, it's been good. I mean now you, you, you, you Savage, you gonna be in front of the camera. You rapping, you gotta have your grill. Right? Yeah, for sure. How many bands you put in there? Like 85. See, I had to go get 'em. Right. You get it right. Yeah. You supposed to though. Yeah. Not the composite shit. Nah, nah, that's that. D they they I know. Yeah. You got that porcelain. Yeah.


You Got it too. Grills. No grills. I want, I wanna get to this dating publicly. Would you ever date publicly again? Hmm. Yeah, probably. You Would. Would you? No. Why? Because I believe if you date publicly, you have to break up publicly and you have to deal with your issue publicly. Yeah. If you date privately, you can break up privately and deal with any issues you may have privately. Damn. I never thought about it. Like you just taught me something. That's just me. I mean, to each his own.


I mean, some people like that. I don't, I, my relationship is not for public consumption. Right. Because sometimes I think people start to try to live, try to, to play out their relationship for the public. Yeah. And do things. Oh, you see what they did, they on this vacation. Like if I go on vacation, it's just me and you. I ain't trying to do anything for the grandmother net. Right. Yeah. I mean if I, if I don't all that, like when you go out to eat and you women gotta take picture. Oh, lemme take a picture of the Come on man. Stop it. Yeah. On God. So that's, that's where I'm at with that. But that's to eats own. Yeah. But you, but you could be, I me if your, your lady says okay, you know Savage, I, boy hey, You might as just changed my mind.


Oh God. You might as just change my mind. 'cause you, you gotta break up pepper. But what if you never break up? You don't. Have you ever been in a relationship that you felt like, I don't think we ever gonna break up. Hell, all the relationship that you be in, you be thinking at, at a time. I don't think anybody get no relationship thinking like, all man, this, this is going to end tomorrow. You think? You think it's gonna last forever? Oh God. But I just think the thing is is that sometime you know that man, that internet man. Yeah. Then people start then people start surmising what's going on. Or Oh, he ain't, he don't love her like that. She don't love him. She for the street. He for the street. And it start to play. I mean, you, you get inundated with that Savage man, you hear that enough and it just, Yeah, it'll take a toll on you.


It does. It does. Your tattoos. How old when you got your first tattoo? 13, 14. I had got my mama name though. Right. So she couldn't So You was cool with that. So how old when you first got your face tattoo, your first face tattoo? How old were you? 16. She didn't like That did you? Sam 10. Yeah. She didn't like it. Sam 10. Sam 10. Yeah. So, so what was it the cross was it? Nah, It was 21. Okay. And then that next year, my big brother Larry, that was like Johnny Best friend, he had got killed.


Him and his mama got killed together. Wow. And I had got RIP Larry. 'cause me and Larry went and got 21 together. Right. So I had one and got RIP Larry around it. That was my second face tattoo. Right. What does being a father mean to you? Everything. It's just like, I feel like that's where your legacy count the most. Because when you think of like all the legends, you be like, damn, I wonder what they son doing, what they kids look like. Like that's who carry on. Like Everything. That's your name, that's your lineage. Yeah. I feel like it mean everything. And you're trying to be everything that your father was to you.


Yeah. Facts. Do you make a, is it just second nature or you try or you make a con or you like, yeah, my dad wouldn't do this, so I'm gonna do that. My dad, nah, Hell no. I don't do That. It's just second Nature. It's just second nature. I don't even think it's like a, I don't even think of me and my daddy relationship. When I think of like my kids. Really, it's just what, what come natural to me? Do you always wanna be a parent? Did you always wanna be a father? Yeah. Hell yeah. I always wanted to have kids. I feel like, what did you, what did you really do it for? If you don't have no kids, right? Like, what was all of this for you just going to die. And then what? That's the end of you. Ain't nothing else to go on.


Like type shit. Like how I look at like Brony and shit, or like Kenya Martin Jr. Or like Carmelo's son. It's like that's what it's about. Right. Type shit. Like, oh God, you, you want your, what if your son would say, dad, you know, want be a rapper too. I'm gonna try and find something else. But if that's his passion Right. Shit, we gonna do it the right way. Right. When people say rap is declining, your answer is, My show price is going up.


So it, so They decline. So it can't, it can't be declining. Shit. My shit going up. Right. I just did the most screams in the day fan for of my career. The biggest solo screams of my career. Wow. So it can't be declining, but I don't know though. Right. Once 21 Savage goal for 24. We early in 24. We, we January. So what, what can we expect? What's your goals for 24? I just wanna like level up with everything that I'm doing. Like better show. I feel like everybody love the album already. Like spend more time with my kids and my, my people.


Like I want to go back to London more often and shit. And just like, Now that you can travel, that's something that you wanna do. Yeah. Like traveling and just starting new ventures and shit and business and shit. Just growing up. Right. Doing grown stuff. 21 Savvy lady, gentlemen, All my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice, got the roll of dice, the swat. All my life I've been grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the,


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more at Chase Freedom dot com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


Have you ever brought your magic to Walt Disney World? Like, Hey, we came to play. Did you tip your tiara to a Creole princess? Or get goofy, officially step up like a boss and save the day. Or see what life's like under the tree of life. Did you, if you could, would you, when we come through it's true magic because we came to play. Bring the magic at Walt Disney World Resort.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk, fast stream. Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy. Because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters, whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.