
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic Bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Villa. For a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweet, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns In church. Voila. You got Straightaway. He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, just a thought rap about something other than the P. Just a thought. How many different ways you gonna tell me about that P Baby? Yeah, I get it. Hey, by the way, I believe you All my life been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the bro of D, the why. All my life I be grinding all my life. Look all my life, been grinding all my life. Slice life. Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host Shannon Sharpen.


The guy that's stopping by for conversation in the drink today. This has been three years in the making. He's one of the most successful rap artists of all time. He's the first rapper to amass 10 consecutive platinum selling album. He's the youngest recipient and the first rap artist to ever receive the prestigious Kennedy Semi arm Kennedy Senate Center Honor Award. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. He has a star on the legendary Walk of Fame, a Grammy Award winner, an Emmy Award winner, an NAACP image award winner, a multi-talented actor, producer, performer, TV personality musician, entertainer, entrepreneur, a powerhouse in entertainment industry, a New York times bestselling author, a music Moog Mogul, an avid philanthropist, an all around hit maker, razor sharp, wordsmith, one of the pioneers of hip hop, a father, a husband.


We're gonna talk about that. Also a cultural icon. The first rock star of rap. The rap's. Longest running superstar. Almost 40 years in the game. A living legend. The one, the only LL, COOL, J. Bro, I need yo, I need that. That's my long clock. I need, I need that at my long clock in the morning. You know what I mean? If that ain inspiration, what is, man, bro, we got to toast this bro. 40 years in the game. Everything that you've done, and you still have the urge, the desire to spring up out of bed. And, we were talking off camera earlier. You're like, bro, I'm so excited to hit this world stage again.


Yeah. Because it's been a while since you had a world, you had a domestic tour. Yeah. But you says, man, I'm ready to do this world thing again. Yeah, man, I just wanna go around the world, show what I do, man. Get the music out there. Have some fun. You know what I'm saying? I'm glad to be here too, by the way, bro. Let's, let's talk. This is my, this is my own cognac. Kanye. Yeah. Shape. BSOP. Alright, bro. To all your success, not only in the past, but in the future. You know, I don't drink like that. That's, that's good. That's gonna be it for me. That's all. That's all we need. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I be, I'll be army crawling to an after party. This city. This ain't even my will. I don't even know how you got me to drink that shit. I don't even drink like this water. This water. Oh, good God.


It was good saying. But you gonna tell us how you made all the hits. Now we got, now we got that in you. You gonna tell us how you made all the hits? You got him just having fun, loving what you do. It's just like you with sports man. Right. You know, when you fall in love with it, And. if you have the spiritual and psychological and physical gifts or that inclination to do it, you go for it. Right. You know what I'm saying? And I really love hip hop, bro. Five years in the, I mean, five decades, the eighties, the nineties, the 2000, the 2010s. Here we are, the 2020s. When you go back and look at it in the eighties, you had Rock the bells. I'm bad going back to Cali.


I Cali. I need love. Nineties Mama said knock you out. Doing it lounging. Hey, love A round away girl. 2000 head sprung. Love you. Better paradise, bro. What's, what's L L's favorite era of music that he's created? I mean, yo, the new music I'm coming out with is crazy. I really love it, man. You know what I'm saying? Like, it is hard for people because see, as a artist, it's different from the commercial considerations. You know what I'm saying? Right. People have experienced a lot. All of those songs, you talking about, the new music, a lot of them haven't experienced it. I like the new music though. How it's crazy. How much are of the new stuff? Are we gonna get the old ll I don't think you ever get a, a a, a true artist is always gonna move the needle for Okay, he evolve.


You know what I'm saying? You gotta evolve, man. Like, you know, if James Cameron does a new movie, you know, you know, even if it's a sequel, it's gonna be a new version. It's gonna be new Technology Avatar is different than Titanic. There you go. It's a new approach. Right. You know what I mean? So like, I mean, these records are crazy. You know what I'm saying? Like the joint I got with Sweetie, you know, it's, you know, called proclivities. Right. It's, I mean, you know, it, you know it. It has it's, it's new shit is new. It's new Sha Lemme ask you this, Elle, you are one of the pioneers of this, and you've seen from the infant infancy of it.


Yeah. Nobody thought it would be what it became. Who ever thought? Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So you at, you are at the very beginning, the grassroots of this thing, and you see where it is now. Yeah. Was it easier then to become what you became? Or is it easier now? Two different, two different things. The barriers to entry were greater than, okay. See, hip hop when I first started would be like the NFL or the NBA today in the sense that you have to go through a certain process, go be vetted. There's a lot that goes into you actually making it to that level. Okay. To getting a recording contract. Right now, hip hop is pretty much democratized, which there are some good things about that.


But it is different in the sense that it's like the whole audience can play now. Okay. Everybody can bounce the ball. Everybody can play quarterback. Right. Anybody can be a wide receiver or temp. Right. So that changes the standards and the, and the way things flow work. That being said, it's just completely different. Before it was harder to get in, but it was less noise. Once you got in. Right Now you can get in like this, but it's so much noise. You got to really be, you know, you gotta be, you gotta really be him or be heard. Right. To actually get heard. You know what I mean? So like, me being able to cut through now, like we cracking a different type of code. You know what I'm saying? Like, you know, my first joint dropped in 84.


So for us to be having this conversation and for it to be like legit l it's 40. No. It is legit music. Like to have this conversation 40 years later is another level. You know what I'm saying? So I don't, you know what I mean? We, we haven't had a rapper that have stood the test of time. Like ll we've seen it when other genre r and b. Yeah. We see it in the movies. We see rock and roll. Yeah. We see it a lot. Yeah. But not the rap game. Not to the level in which you've done it. Yeah. What do you think are some of the keys to your success keys? First of all, you gotta love it. And you can't be so full of yourself that you can't hear nobody else talking.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. See, see some people, they, they operate in that space of they, they too cute for everything. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But you can't learn nothing that way. And then you gotta humble yourself. Like, one of the things I did like straight up, I went back and studied how to rhyme again. It's like going back in the gym and working on your jump shot, going back and, you know, back on the field working on your footwork, you know? No, you know, don't step back right off, off. You know, you just, you know, it's like, so I had to, I really focus on just improving and getting better at what I do. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, that's the main thing, you know what I mean? Is loving it and being creative.


And then also, I mean, you ain't gonna be able to connect with people that you can't relate to. Right. So all that running around with the great p coupon asterisk, you know what, what, what they call Ascot. Yeah. Ascot asterisk with an asterisk, asterisk Ascot with the Ascot around your neck and a goddamn long cigarette holder. Like a, like a fucking 19, 40, all that shit. Like, all that. You gotta be able to connect with the people, at least for me. Right. You know what I'm saying? I love connecting with the people and being a real, you know, dude. And I also love the challenge, right. 'cause it's like, there are two audiences for ll when it comes to my music. There's a, don't call it a comeback audience. And there's a, oh, he raps audience.


Yes. And those two audiences are, are, are separate, but they're coming closer and closer together now because of the new music. So that's, you know, you said that you had to learn how to rhyme again. Was it because, not that you forgot, but because you had done so many other things in between when you originally started, because you had a tv, you had a sitcom. We're gonna get into that. You did movies. We'll get into that. You had a t you got a TV series. We'll get into that. So it was because you were doing so many other things. Did you lose the cadence? Did you l what, what did, what did ll lose that caused him to have to go back to the lab? You don't have to lose anything to want to gain something. Oh, okay. Okay.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You don't have to, like, nothing has, you know, the desire to get better doesn't have to come with, you know, loss or failure. It just comes with an aggressive spirit. That champion spirit. You wanna go get it. You know what I'm saying? And I know that the game has evolved. I respect the artists out there that are out there now. I respect the way people process the music and the way people approach it. And I, you know, I don't want to try to pick up where I left off. I wanna do, I want to give them a new version. Because, you know, when you, if you know, if you going to coin a term like the goat, like I coined that term you did. If you going to coin that term that the whole world is using now, and you really consider yourself that, then you have to be able to deliver on call at any time when it comes to making these mu making this music and making these songs.


Right. And so that was what it was. You know what I'm saying? So it's not that I was losing anything. It's just like, yo, this is an opportunity for me to show people what's possible. We are not used to artists going away 10, 15 years. No. And re-emerging with and being hot. We are used to, oh, he's famous now, but the music's mediocre. Oh. Oh. He's a celebrity now. Yeah. I heard it once. Eh, we used to that we are not used to. Yo, I can't wait to hear this fourth album, yo, this Saturday night special with Joy. Yo, this, this passion, yo these joints is, I, I want to hear the rest of the, you know, we're not used to that. Right. That level of anticipation from le from mature artists and hip hop.


So that to me was another challenge. I took that as an opportunity. It's kind of like LeBron playing in his 21st year. Right. Or 22nd. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like that kind of a thing. Right. You know what I mean? Yes. Yeah. As you did other things, and I don't want to use the term that you got, but you kinda like set rap, rap went to the back burner and now acting TV shows other things was prioritized. Yeah. How much, in your own time away from the cameras, away from the stage, did you, were you in the studio? Were you still honing that craft? Because in order, if you don't use something, you lose something. That's true. So you've got to practice, even if it's not in front of an audience.


A hundred percent. You gotta keep that knife sharp. Yeah. I've been in the, I've been in the studio for a thousand years. I mean, I, I'm always messing around in the studio. I have countless albums that haven't been released. So I'm always tinkering around with something. Okay. I've been tinkering around with stuff for years. But the question is, am I ready to put something out? Do, is this something that I feel meets the standard of me saying, stamping it and saying, yo, this is my new thing, let's go with this. Right. 'cause I do different, two different types of albums and people who really know my career notice I do culturally impactful albums. And then I do really weird kind of to the side albums that don't make a lot of sense to most people, but they get me off artistically. Right, right.


So it depends on the mood I'm in. The last time I did an album, it was one of those weird kind of small kind of experimental albums where I'm doing all these weird stuff and I, I love it. Right. This album, cultural Impact album. So it's been, you know, it's been, but it's been probably 20, 30 years since I did one of those. 'cause I, because of that long space in between with the show, you do realize when you take this long off, don't call it a comeback, you supposed to have, have been here for years. No, I've been here for decades, bro. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. It's more than years now. So you, you know, the anticipation, of course, you know who you are. You know what you represent hundred. You have the longest standing.


Yeah. There were guys that did it before you Yeah. But they're not doing it currently. And they didn't do it as long. Because if you go back and look at it now, if you really look at it in its totality, even the greats Yeah. Might about had a six year, maybe a decade run. Yeah. Not a two. Oh yeah. Not a three. Yeah. Not a four. You've had a four decade run. Yeah. Five. Yeah. So you know what the expectations are. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. No question. No question. And I, I love that. I live for that. Like, I love, yo, I raise the bar. I love it. I can't get enough of that, man. The more you, you know, the, the bigger the challenge, the more I enjoy it. The great, the greater the accomplish, the greater your expectation that comes along.


Good. Good. Good. Great. Good. You ready? Turn the mic on. Turn the mic on you shit. Do a bare shit in the woods and wipe his ass with a rev. Your man ready. B yo. This is what I do. I love it, man. Look, lemme explain something to you, man. I can't get enough of that, man. That's everything I love, baby. I hear the passion. I see the excitement, yo, that you're exuding. Lemme tell you something, Shannon. I'm like, I'm the dude on your team that's like, yo, yo, we down, we down by a touchdown with two minutes. Yeah. Let's get it. Let's get it. I'm, you know, I'm at halftime.


Like, I, I love all the challenge. I want all the smoke. Oh, they don't think he could win the super. I need to get that Super Bowl. Like, I, you don't even understand, man, that shit turns me the fuck on, bro. Like, I wanna go get it. Like, I'm very, very, very, you know, and people see me so funny. They see these interviews the way I, you aggressive. Yo, I'm very aggressive. Yes. When it comes to going after my dreams, like animals Savage shit. You hear me? I've always admired people that have accomplished so much and they go about it like they accomplished nothing. I look at rest your soul, Kobe. I look at LeBron, I look at Jordan, I look at some of the great Tom Brady.


Oh yeah. I'm looking at some of the Denzel. Yeah. Sam, you look at them. I'm listening to you. You've got five, almost five decades in this. Yeah. And the way you talk is like, man, I can't wait. This is my first album. I can't wait to release this. I can't wait for people to hear me. Because you do realize now there's a large part populace that only knows ll the Celeb. They don't know ll the Mu the Rapper. And that's what I love about it. That's the opportunity. That's the opportunity to convert. Yo lemme tell you something like I I, it was on my Instagram. Follow me by the way. Stop bullshitting. It was on my Instagram.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes occasions than even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy dessert. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got You covered for All things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer. One of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This lady, a teacher, she had played my first single Saturday night special with Rick Ross and Fat Joe. She played it for some kids. Right. And when they heard my part, the kids said to her, oh wow man, he would've been a great rapper if he wasn't an actor. You know what I'm saying? I love that shit. That's what gets me up, bro. Because you know what that is? That shows you that you have the skill, you have the, you have the ability, you have the wherewithal, you have the tools. Now it's just a matter of making them aware. I love that man. I love that. Like, I love the idea of being edible. Look, think about it this way. Here we are. I started in 84. It is 2024 And. we talking about me breaking new ground in music.


Just right. Put it in perspective. This is like, when I think about Kobe, when I think about, yeah, yo, y'all can't believe it. Right? You just can't believe it. Right. You, you can't. That's your people believe that's your people ll Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yo, we busy Shannon. We got a lot of shit going on, bro. I believe it. I believe it. We got a lot of shit going. Nah, nah. It's, it's, nah, it just, like, you think about Kobe, you think about Jordan, you think about like, you know Tom, who you know, you know, you know, wearing my Giants out and all that. That's a whole nother thing respectfully. But I remember seeing Tom at a, when he was the first Bowl And, we was in a cafeteria or something around the festivity. I said, yo, y'all gonna win.


You know, I was just seeing what he just said. We're gonna kick their ass. You know, he was a, you know, but, you know. Yeah. But anyway, you know, I regret that. You know, you know what I mean? But he was on it, so, yeah. You know. Nah, it's an amazing feeling, man. I love it. BI love it because lemme ask you this, it's very interesting because you've been at the game for so long. You've had so much success, not only in the rap game, but in other avenues. How many of these young record, how many of these young guys come up and ask your opinion or get your advice on certain things? I mean, every now and then, man, but, you know, are you surprised more? Don't al you do realize you been, you got 84.


That 40, yo, I'm gonna be real with you, man. And I, and I, I don't know. I'm, I might have been guilty of it too, man. I mean, when you young and you get a couple of dollars, you think you know every guy. You do. You do. Yeah. What the, what you gonna tell me? I know everything. My shit hot. Yeah. I'm rocking. I got money in my pocket. You can't tell me nothing. Yeah. My grandpa used to say, boy, money don't buy sense though. You ain't, you you ain't lying. Especially common sense. You know, I might, might buy some incense. Right. You know what I mean? But you were the first that I can recall rapper that actually sung to women. Yeah. I mean, there's an answer to that too, Jody.


Yeah. Tell me why. Because obviously you was having success doing it and everybody was having success doing it away. What made you, because did you feel you was taking a risk or chance at the time getting away from what everybody had known ll to be and what everybody else had were already doing? Well the answer is, first of all, the risk didn't matter to me. Okay. Because I do what I'm inspired to do. Okay. And you know, like, you know, I like, as a kid, I would laugh at peer pressure to a certain, it shouldn't mean it meant nothing to me. You know? Now, like, so I did it because it was from the heart.


Right. And I did it because, you know, I like girls. I want the rap to, it was pretty simple. It was pretty basic. Like it wasn't really even that deep of a, now mind you, did I get some resistance from certain label people and certain producers and certain, yeah. A little bit of that. Right? This shit got my mouth watering. B I'm so not used to alcohol. I feel like, I don't feel like I'm real fucking around him. You know what I mean? But it got too hype. But see now, now we getting the, we getting the real ll Cause he hyped now. Now you get the real, regardless what you do, you know, super juicy. Get the real man. You get the real regardless. Nah. But yeah, I just was inspired. I was inspired. Sha did you, because lemme ask you a question.


What did the, the rap, the hip hop community say? Because that was the first Oh yeah. That you spoke directly to them? Yeah. Yeah. They, a lot of 'em weren't too happy. Shit. They weren't too happy. Were they not, were they, were they upset because you did it first? Or were they upset that they couldn't do it? I think they was upset that they were sitting in their car and their girl looked really excited to get my shit. That's what I think. That's what I think she was. You know what I mean? She was, you know, she was with it. She got them little shorts on that baby oil on them legs. That ll shit playing homie sitting there tight as a drum. I mean that's, you know, that's nasty, dude. It's gotta feel nasty. You know what I mean?


But lemme ask you a que how, how was it like, because the hate you, it can, it can, but how, how were you able to stay so focused? Because that man, he making that old kitty, he making that sta that that No, it wasn't. 'cause it wasn't Kitty. It was, I know it wasn't, but that's what they, you mean you, you know what I, they come with the territory, man. I was hanging out with guys that, you know, were, you know, hustling every day and doing all kind of getting smooth on them. Smooth. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Me with the hot, it comes to Little hot And if you a little hot in La fucking yo. So, nah, I just, I didn't even, I ain't even entertain this sha really?


Nah, because I mean, I would talk about it in the records a little bit, but like, when you super excited man, you got that jewelry hanging man in them cars and you moving around, man, you ain't the fan chain. You know, the fan chain with the can he on the corner, he tight, he upset. Like, it don't, it's like, ha ha. Right. You know, it just, I didn't even get, I didn't feel that. I just never felt that kind of pressure from that. Does that make sense? Yeah. Where do you get, where did you get inspiration from? Did you, al did you always know what you wanted to be? Was there anything ll wanted to be outside of? Oh yeah. Did you wanna play sports? Did you want Yeah, of course. I, I wanted to be a football player, you know what I'm saying? I, that was like a huge dream of mine to be a football player and Well, hell, you still in shape right now?


You might. Yeah. Right. Give, give him a, give him a run on the field and run off. Yeah. I give you a ride. I can run on the field. Hey. Alright. You been a hell of a, a hell of I'm running back, you know, that was the dream back then. You know what I'm saying? Like, I loved football and I loved boxing, you know what I'm saying? I never wanted to be, I never saw myself being a boxer, but I was always in love with boxing and I wanted to play football. Like, that was the two sports, you know what I'm saying? But I did all kind of sports growing up. I did gymnastics, wrestling, judo, God karate. Right. Each one wing. Ch I, I mean, I was just like a athletic, that was my thing. You know what I'm saying? Well obviously New. York is the birthplace of hip hop.


Yeah. Who inspired LL Man? All the early, all the early MCs. Even before vinyl from Treacherous three, from the Cold crush, from, you know, fantastic romantic freaks from then a little later from Fearless four, obviously Grandmaster Flash and The Furious Five, you know, crash crew, Soulsonic force, you know, Zulu, you know, all of that. And then there was all kinds of artists in between there. Like, you know, there was, you know, there was Eddie Che's tapes floating around and you know, this tape floating around and it was, it was the most amazing time in the world for me, man. It's like, you know, I felt like as a young black man walking around in my neighborhood, you feel invisible.


Right? Your friends die. Nobody cares. You know what I'm saying? This was like the first time like that I heard people sounding so empowered and so strong. It was like magical for me. You know what I'm saying? Like, it was magical. B it was magical, man. Did you know the first time that you started like, I don't know where you, in your bedroom, you were in your basement and you was like, you heard somebody do it. You're like, I think I can do that a hundred percent. As a matter of fact, I know I can do that. Well, you know what the thing is about, about when you really wanna be successful, you know that it's not really about I can do that. It's about the step toward, through that magical doorway.


You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. When you, you are imagining it, you're seeing it in your mind, and then at you as a little kid, you start like, remember I started, I became a fan of hip hop and became, as soon as it was born, I was eight years old as like, and then 9, 10, 11 at 12 years old, I started writing 11 or 12. You know, I like, I've been doing this like literally my whole life. Right? For real. This ain't no, oh, I started 10 years ago. Even that, this ain't even 20 years ago. No, this is like from eight years old to now, damn to 50 years ago. Yo. You know what I mean? Well, you not quite, but damn, Shannon. You know what I mean? We about to say Man, J we are, we are, we are close.


I think I no, I no, I'm older than you. What? You got me by a year or two, right? I'm 56. Well, I'm 56, so we the same. Wait, we the same back What I'm saying? Okay. Congratulations. Hey, you trying to hold up? You trying to, congratulations. You trying to hold. Congratulations, man. You what? I mean we, we had, hey we, we, we, we closer to 60, but we, but we look good though. I feel good. My bone's still hard. You know what I mean? All of them. That's, see you drink, drank a lot of milk when you was growing up, something like that. I you, you are one of the few. I think now, back then you might have been your largest audience.


And correct me if I'm wrong, you had the females from the jump. I don don't know. I don't know. I don't know if it was the lick, lip lick, lip lick, lip licking. I don't know if it was the, the K gold, the fat, the, the swag. Whatever you do don't do no rat records, bro. Nah, whatever. Yo, whatever you do. No, I'm gonna have flow. Hell I have Flow LI have flow. No, don't real. Yeah. Flow on that 40, on that 40 yard dash. Yeah. You had some Flo all knocking heads off. You gonna take, they you gonna take they neck off. I'm saying what I'm saying. I mean, I mean your, your base especially, it's, it's expanded obviously. But the women loved you from the jump.


You tried to do that too. That's why you did that. Yeah. That's why. Yeah. That's why that was the goal. Yeah, of course. Man. Listen man, I, I had both audiences man. You know, it's, it's just, you know, hey man, if they was choosing, they was choosing bro. Like Right. You know, don't blame yo don't, hey don't blame women by record, yo. Blame the game. No, no, no. Because they try to see guys are funny. That's like a little tactic yo. Like dude use on me had both fans bro. Both fans both. Lemme ask you a question. Like when Rock The Bells had both fans, dude, I'm bad at both fans. Do you care if they buying records? Yeah. I want 'em all to Bond.


Exactly. I want 'em all to buy. So if 70, I love the women, but it wasn't no 70. It wasn't like that. No, I know it wasn't no 70. But I'm just saying you mean dudes love 4, 3, 2, 1 and Love. I shot you in Love L Bomb and Love Mama said knock you out. It wasn't the women said no, mama said knock you out. They was the guy was saying, I know, I know, I know, I know. Going back to Cali. But you know, it's just kinda like, you know, you know you dude, dude always try to undermine the dude. If a guy walks and the girls are looking at him, you know, it's just like, you know, he ain't all that. Yeah. He, you know, you know, you know what I'm saying? I do. He's not a man's man. Yeah. You know, something like that was, nah, it was both audiences, man. But I'll tell you this, I'll keep it real with you. I never like, at least early on most of the time with the taking the shirt off and all that, that was about just taking your shirt off.


'cause you were a little kid. Right. That morphed into something else. You know what I'm talking about? You go like growing up, kids are run around in the, you know, six, 17 you got shirt off. Yeah. Put your, it ain't like shirt off. Like, you know, but we mainly did that And, we at the park playing ball and they, you know, they, they they out there watching. We, we, yeah, but it ain't like Baby Riz got shirt going off and shit. Like it wasn't like, you know, okay. It was just like, whatever. You know what I mean? Right. But nah man, I love both audiences man. Like, that's why this album is so, I think balanced in that regard. You know what I'm saying? Like, I wanted to make sure that my male audience dudes like, it ain't about, like, it is about the art.


You know what I'm saying? Right. Like I made the, you know, yeah. It's warming this month. Well, hey, turn this off. Yeah, no, I mean, it's all good, but I just, no, I'm, I'm, I'm, yeah, in a minute, like, you know, there you ain't gonna have no wrinkles 'cause gonna sweat all the wrinkles out. You want ice? You could keep going some ice. Yeah. Have some ice. Yeah. Going I need some. Okay. Do you need No, no, I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. Yeah. Lemme ask you a question. Hmm. Do you write or do you freestyle? I write, I write my songs. I don't, I don't know what you, have you ever had a ghostwriter? No. No. I've collaborated with people on courses. Right. Collaborated with people on different things.


But all of these songs that I'm thinking of that you come on, bro. I don't even know where people like, like that's a very interesting thing because I heard it saying, I, I was, I don't know, was it Paradise? Did they say 50 wrote for you? 50 cent wrote the chorus, bro. But you heard that too, right? Of course I heard it. Okay. He wrote the chorus. If you not, we've been through this before, acting like the elves can't bag him no more. He ain't write that shit that you Of course, like people be tripping. But, you know, that's a big compliment for me. Yeah. When, when you get to the point where you are so you've been doing it so long and you're so prolific that they look like somebody else shot the basketball.


LeBron didn't shoot that shit. Right. That was fucking kd. Yeah. KD really shot that shit. Right. Or that was, yo yo yo, Steph shot that shit. Like, that's how, because you've been in the game so long. And why is Ghost writing frowned upon so much? Well, because as an mc is supposed to write your stuff together. Okay. You know what I mean? You are, you know, it's different. Like if you get in a studio, let's say you are working with an artist like And. we write a song together and I'm collaborating with somebody on something that would be different from somebody writing my rhymes, writing my verses, writing out my lyrics. Because then you're not a real mc, you're not, it would be like somebody, it, it's different. It's like being a pop act. Wow. It's like being a pop act.


It's very different. Collaborating with somebody and sitting there like, and y'all coming up with lines together. That's one way of doing it. And you can do that and play around with some songs and mess around. But when it comes to doing Mama to Knock You out, but the outsource it. But the outsource, Hey, I need you to come up with something funny. Boy. Nah bro. Nah bro. Nah, it don't work. It don't work. B it's ridiculous. And it's funny to me because like people just be wanting to like, I, I, you know, like, do I gotta write some shit right now? Like, do I have to literally sit here right now and write a rhyme for the, for people to like, like what we need to do. Do you feel people, like, when people say LL has Ghost Rider or they've accused you?


I don't hear that a lot. No, but I'm, but but do you feel they try to shortchange you and undermine you? I mean, they gotta, they gotta, you gotta do something. Why? They just can't go and give you the credit, but that you deserve. I mean, Shannon, it's like seeing a dude who's in shape. Oh, he's on steroids. It is easier to say that. Yeah. It's easier to say, ah, you know, because I'm doing what you won. Do like going to the gb, like I'm supposed to exercise it. Yo, I yo dog. Like, I, I remember when I first lost weight, when I did my, you know, physical transformation back in 2000. Came out with love You Better Dudes was running around talking. I got, I got a rib removed. The fuck is you talking about, bro? Like, I got a ghost rib. You know, like, motherfuckers like, you got the ghost, the ghost writer go with the ghost rib.


Wow. You know, and you know why they say this? Because they see a skull over here. Shannon got my appendix taken out, bro. Wow. You know that. Yeah. People actually do, do that. Yes. I know. That might seem like an amazing, unbelievable announcement to people, but people get their apprentice taken up. For sure. Motherfucker said, I got a rib removed, so I collaborate with somebody on the song. Oh, ghost, right? Dude is crazy because of some of the heavy hitters you have on this album, you think we're gonna hear some of, some whispers of he No, no, no.


I mean, after this they will. Yeah, because you, you just put it out in the ether and that's, you know, it probably was five comments. That'll be 500, but whatever. I mean, at the end of the day, listen man, you know anybody who you know, if you feel that way, then you know, there's a, you know, there's a lot of ways to find out, you know what I mean? So, you know, if they want to go there and, and And, we really want to fake. Like if you think that I've been rapping since eight years old, using a ghostwriter. Like, you know, if You'all really that I know you try to get Philadelphia cream cheese, makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels.


Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy dessert. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis That only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Now with the verses. I mean, hold on. You like that? Hold on. You really trying. Well, the verse can prove none of that. What I'm saying is, oh, you talking about just write battle? I'm saying like however you wanna do it. Like we can, we can write, you know, we can go bat for Biden. You know, like if you wanna, if y'all wanna sit, we can go M for m if you, if you don't wanna, if you don't wanna sit somewhere and write. So we can do that and let's just see how it go. Like, like that's my challenge. So you could talk all, they could talk all that bullshit they want. Yo, bring the pen in the pad, turn the cameras on, turn the beat on. Let's sit in the studio together. Never cut the camera. Leave it on. How long we getting, how long we getting it? Don't matter.


It don't even matter. I bring you, I'll bring somebody in the studio. We gonna get the cameras rolling. We got a beat. We got one hour. You goddamn damn right. I'm gonna whoop they ass. What? I'm gonna whoop they ass. Y'all heard, y'all heard it? Y'all heard it? Man. Yo, yo, Shannon. Yo Shannon. Alright. I, Hey listen man, listen. Yo, Shannon, I'm trying to tell you man, I listen to your man. Listen to your man. Listen, listen. I mean, I know everybody wanna come up with all these fantasies and these tall tales about different shit, but there's a reason why the guy who started Def Jam is sitting in right here, right now.


There's a reason, Shannon, this ain't, this isn't no. Like, there's a reason why, right? The guy who was the first artist on Def Jam, Tila Rock had, it's yours, right? It was a song. It was on the streetwise party. Time label was Def Jam Productions. I bought that record, I made a demo and sent it into Rick Ad Rock. And the Beastie Boys heard it and sent it. There's a reason why I'm still here and I'm not being cocky. This ain't about no cocky rocky shit. 'cause I don't do that. That's how you get your head handed to you. I'm just saying, there's a reason why I'm still here. You know what I mean? You can't manufacture this, Shannon. Not for this is not now, you can't manufacture this bro. Not that long. This is not what it is. So, but my thing is, instead of you guys want, they wanna comment, people wanna question you wanna question what I am then you know, you wanna lace up and, and you want to race Hussein, you wanna Yeah.


Race Hussein, you wanna race Dionne, you wanna, but you lift baring champ. You know what I'm saying? You believe, you lift baring champ. All I'm basically saying is, man, like I'm ready to, if we want anybody wanna write rhymes, And, we wanna sit there and see what that is, we could do it And. we could just settle it. How about, I think one of the first disc records I actually heard was you and Ko mo d going back and forth. Right? Did y'all, did you, was was that, was that the official first dis that you No, it was not me. Who, who was the first dis It was many of them, but I mean, really? Oh yes, but you could, but y'all made it, but y'all made it popular. He popularized at that point. But there was the Cole Crest versus the fantastic romantic. There was mo d when he went at busy B, which was like really one of, well, Cole crushing fantastic Romantic were always kind of a great back and forth thing.


Yeah. Busy B versus mo d was like super popular at that time, you know what I'm saying? Like, that battle between them two was crazy that everybody loved that. What, what caused what caused you and mo d to go at it? I mean, same type of shit you told me right now. All this old bullshit ghost write this d fucking girls, all this old shit. Same shit you told me. Same bullshit. Same bullshit. You know why? Because this is what they wanna hear. Y'all wanna hear that bullshit? They love it. Man, I, I can't get away from this shit. All I wanna do is all I wanna do is make an album and young who started it? I gotta go this. Did you start a he start, you know, I ain't start that shit Shay. You just, I ain't start this shit this now.


Who started this shit? I was just, I just sat down. I was just asking about a ghost rider. You got a ghost writer. I'm just, I I don't think I'm asking any questions that you haven't been, that you haven't been asked. That's especially now because they're like, but damn, a 40 years. Yeah, but that's asking like Weby, you know, you got lifts in your shoes, you know, it's just like, you know, come on bro. Like seven four. Do you asking yo you asking a seven footer if he got lips in his shoes? Right? Right. So lemme me, but you know, you grew up in New. York, they battle rapping. I me like, because I saw, I saw the, was it a documentary of, I think it was documentary of hip hop and they had all these, like you said, Grandmaster Flash.


You had melody and you had the cold crush and you have different groups and they just meet up somewhere and battle and battle Battle. Is that how you grew up? Is that why you like following that? You like, have you, did you ever battle? Oh yeah, of course. So that, so in order. In order. So that's how you really cut your teeth. I I I cut my teeth battling, rhyming in public, rhyming in ciphers. Indirect battling just by rhyming with people. I did it the real way. I did everything in hip hop as a mc. You could, you know what I mean? Like, you know what I mean? Like the whole thing.


I did it battling, I did it rhyming in ciphers. I did it. Being in groups, I, you know, I DJ'ed I started off DJing before I even, you know, I was DJing. I, you know, like it's break dancing wasn't shit, but I was break dancing. Yeah. You know, that's in the Olympics now. Yeah, I know, I know. Good thing it ain't me. It's a good thing. It ain't me in that joint, you know what I mean? But no break dancing graffiti. Right? I did it like, I'm really like, like the embodiment of all that. Like hip hop man. Like I really, I really, really have lived this shit. Like, for real, like on every level. Champ. Not playing


Best Ball DraftKings, you're missing out. Here's what you need to know. Draft King Best Ball Millionaire Contest is the biggest fantasy contest ever. We're talking 15 million in guaranteed prize pool with two. That's right. Two millionaires being crowned for first and second place. If you're a set in the Forget it type, then best ball is for you. No wave of wires, no roster management, bigger rosters. So injuries won't end your season. Only the draft. And that's it. You're set for the season. Still not convinced. Check this out. This year DraftKings is offering everyone draft one get one special. Your $20 ENT entry fee scores. A bonus ticket. Get in on the best ball action. Download DraftKings app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon, all customers who enter NFL Best Ball 15 Millionaire contest to get a bonus ticket and get a shot at being crowned one of two millionaires only on drafting Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


This tattoo? Yeah, the mic on my arm. What, what? How, how did you de I mean, 'cause it's always interesting when people say the, what was the inspiration behind the tattoo and why they got the tattoo. Why did you decide to get a mic? Man, this thing took me around the world, Shannon. This thing took me around the world. You know what I'm saying? And it's always on. The switch is on, took me around the world. It it is a game changer. Letting my voice be heard, you know, writing and saying the things that are important to me, getting it out there in the world. And then on the other side, I got respect. Even though it looks like a tribal, it says respect. Yeah. Okay. 'cause you gotta give it to get it. Okay. You know what I mean?


And it's just like, but this mic man, I mean, it, it was a game changer. You know, like, I mean, I mean just, just what we did with Def Jam. Just think about how the world would be different if, if we didn't, you know, if I didn't send my tape in the Def Jam look I want, I just was, I find this bad. I thought no L because because it, it relates to this microphone. Cannabis heard, you heard his voice, his verse and he said, yo l is that a mic on your arm? Let me borrow that. Let me borrow that. Yeah. Yeah. And I you, you didn't take that, you didn't take it up to a compliment? No, not at that time. I was a egomaniac. But I thought you said you were no egomaniac. No, I said I was. No, I said I'm not an egomaniac right now. I ain't never tell you. I also said to you when I was younger, I wasn listening to, nobody had to say, did I not tell you that?


Did you, did you did. Okay. You did. You know your bad prosecuting mask. Cannabis ca cannabis, yo cannabis. He just got, he hit Brandon to me, when my ego was a little, I should have just said, nah, you know, he was like, 'cause I met him, I saw him outside the studio and he said, yo, oh man, I'm gonna get a tattoo just like yours. And I was like, you gotta get your own. But that's how it was. Right. You know what I'm saying? It was like, I felt like somebody was trying to wear my boxing trunk or something. It was like, oh, you gonna walk in the locker room and the dude got your cleats on. That's how I felt to me. Okay. So when he told you, I mean, so you didn't look at a side of respect. You're like, hold on bro. Stop bite.


Must stop. Get your own. I was immature. I yeah, I was immature. I wasn't involved. Savagery man. Savagery man, animal man. It wasn't his fault. It wasn't his fault. I mean, you know, he just ran into a, a, you know, a maniac. You know, he ran into a guy that's so intense that he could start hip hop at eight, eight at eight years old and be in his fifties still doing it. That's a lot of intensity. Right. You, you gotta understand that that comes with a lot of intensity. Yeah. Like, you know, when, so, you know, I just, back then in my mind it was just like, don't even come near anything. That's mine. So you felt like anybody that they were like, they were coming, they was coming at a Oh, any level man.


Like, don't come near nothing that I claim to be mine. I'm defending it like a Yeah, but you claiming everything. You can't claim everything. Everything, everything. And her, like, everything, everything foul you know what I mean? You see a trailer, Denzel, I don't know what his character is in the new Gladiator. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And he got like, whatever that was, I didn't see it yet, but I'm just saying everything. B I'm on it all, man savagery, man. Sort off shirt, sort out shirt off. I'm running in the village. I want it all. I want everything. So when you have these, when you have these bad, you had this disk with Ku mo d you had this with cannabis, when it was all said done, you bump into 'em.


I love them. I love you now. Oh, I love you. It's only on the field, right? It's on the court. I don't, you know, ain't no issue. I don't, we don't take anything. We don't take, we don't take anything off the, because they do that now. Nah, but see, you keep it on the wax, you keep it on the, the mic. You gotta keep it on the wax. You gotta, because you know, look man, like one thing about me. Yeah. We on the, like I talk about the challenges of studio rhyming. Let's do it. You, you got questions? Let's, let's, let's answer 'em. But when it comes to like, treating people as human beings and treating men as men and women as women, and treating people with respect, I do that. Right. You gotta give it to get it. I don't play them games. Right. Like, I don't do the, the the cocky rapper Hollywood tough guy shit. Because you know Shannon as you know, and especially in football, because the damn kicker, he's tough.


Yeah. Everybody think they tough in football. Everybody tough. Oh, people gonna find out just how tough you are now. Exactly. That's my point. So you don't put yourself in that position. You don't go in the locker room with your chest poked out. Yeah. Trying to be the baddest dude in the locker room. You right. You right. Because you're going to get knocked out quietly Yes. By a teammate and nobody going talk about it. Right. And then everybody gonna be good. Right. So don't do that. Right. So I learned, so I wouldn't, I would never try to go up against these dudes and personal press them or be a, you know. Right. You know what I mean? I don't need to, you don't need just keep it on wax. Nah. Just keep it on wax on vinyl. And that's what I did. But that being said, when it comes to that vinyl, like I'm very, I was, you know, extremely, you know, and to a certain extent I still am like Right. You know, I just, you know, I would have to make, you know, it would just have to be somebody that's worth my time.


But other than that, you know, like, you know, you know, leave me alone. You, you know what I mean? When it comes to, you look at Jay-Z and Nas 50 and Ja Rule had theirs. Tupac Bigot. Yeah. And now Kendrick and Drake. Yeah. If you had, if I, you know what, I'm gonna put you in there. I don't know who your, who your favorite dish either was Mo d Cannabis. But if you had to rank one through one through five, the greatest rap disc, you can't do it that way. I know what you want, but the reason, let me explain to you why explain it to me. Because context is everything. Okay. It's like there's no way to measure when Kareem was playing on Magic and Bird were playing versus let's say LeBron now.


Right. Or Steph, he can't measure it. Okay. Two different eras. Not only is it two different eras, but the internet, the context of the internet. Okay. It saturates everything. Right. So, yeah. You know, like the internet makes everything 10 times. You, you get a narrative, you know what I mean? I'm targeting your house some, I'm rearranging your furniture. Right. I got, you know, I'm, you know what I mean? It's too much. So it's different. That being said, I think they were all great for different reasons. And I think all of the people that you mentioned are supremely talented. Now, some had good days, some had off days, but that's sports, that's entertainment, that's art. It happens. But all of those dudes are talented. Like, I, listen, I'm not like, I got respect for those guys, man.


Like all of them. Like, I'm not, I'm not funny style like that. You know what I'm saying? In terms of, I don't know, it depends, you know, because a lot of people don't even realize because they don't think if it, if it happened before the internet, it didn't happen. So now the internet, everything that, oh, the internet. Oh, this the greatest player we've ever seen. He the greatest and half of them was born before the internet, so I guess you ain't never happened. I said, bro, stop this. So people like, dudes don't know that yo like, dog, you know, your moms was having sex before the internet. You don't believe me, you hear, you open the internet. No, you don't. Believe me, you don't believe your mama was having sex before the internet. Nigga. Do you believe this is good for, for, is this good for the music? I think, I think it's great. I think it's great in the sense of reaching people now, you know, look, dude, does it cause the records when you got a hot record, you know, people, they get into it quick and they, they ride, they play that joint.


They play not like us, yo. They play them joints. I love that joint. They, they play them joints. Like, You know, like it's, it's, it's not like back in the days where the radio would kind of manager consumption. Yeah. You know, even the TV shows, you have a TV show now. Like, people gonna listen to that joint, they gonna watch your whole season in an hour. Right. You know, this shit is, you know, yeah. When you, it's the new season. I just made that shit last week. But nah, I think it's great, man. I, I'm, you know, just is what it just different. But, but if it gets to a situation like, okay, Kendrick and Drake and then Rick Ross goes to Canada and then you see that situation happen like it does.


Yeah. If we just gonna keep it on wax. No, you gotta keep it on wax. I'm all, I'm all for that. First of all, Ross is my man. Yeah. That, you know what I'm saying? That's my dog. Right. I have respect for all of them guys. I don't think that there's any reason to go beyond, like, we have to keep things in perspective, man. Lives are too important. All of the people that you named have lives that are valuable. Right. You know what I'm saying? I like that. 50 went through something that was very traumatic in his life. He realizes the, the importance of his life. That's why he lives. It fearlessly, all of these men that you mentioned, and there's women out there too, their lives mean something and they deserve to be able to live, you know, and make their music and have a battle, have a friendly battle, have an insult contest, have some fun, but don't take it beyond that.


Right. You shouldn't have to lose your life in order to, you know, have some fun and have a, have a fun battle. 'cause that's all it really is because none of this shit is that serious. Right. You know, at the end of the day, you know, if you got a remote controlled food on the table, ac and heat, you Gucci. Right. And the, the lights is on. You know what I mean? So it's not that serious, serious to, to take, you know, somebody like that. Yeah. We don't need to attack when I see you, you gotta my man gotta, you know. But a lot of that is also the youthful vibe. Like, you know, you know, we used to have fights outside movie theaters and you know, you know little things, you know, little dustbuster little brushed up. Yeah. You things happen. You know? Yeah. You might be young in the Navy and, you know, getting a, you know, a little ball fight, dude one, you know, give a dude a little touch up.


It happens. Yeah. But it shouldn't be like, yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Not for this. Right. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Shehe profile and I'll see you there. Can't Get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, we've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field.


Make sure to listen to the Good Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast. What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new Faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway. He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season.


That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we Are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.