
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic Bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's Mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key Lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweet, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new Faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns in church. Voila. You got straightaway. He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. When l is in his car and he's not listening to himself. Who are some of the guy Who are some of the rappers you listen to? Like all day long? Yeah, I mean, the who you like o obviously, you know, we got these new, we got, obviously we got the Drake and the K Dots and the Lil Wayne. But who do they don't like ll Fuckers. That's a great answer. Who do? Who do I like? I like a lot of different artists, man. But I listen to everything. I listen to everything from Scissor to, from Lil Baby to Scissor from, I mean, you, David. Man. It could be, it, it, it depends.


But I go also, I might listen to Bob Marley, man, you know, like I might listen to Bob Dylan. I might listen to the Eurythmics. I might listen to Andy Lennox Sweet Dreams. Yeah, Andy. Yeah, I might listen to that. I might listen. It comes to rain again. You know what I mean? I listen to what whatever moves me in the moment. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don't feel obligated to listen to nothing. But if I want to hear Gorilla, if I want to hear Sexy Red, I'll listen to it. Right. If, if the Meg joint is playing and I'm feeling it, I play it. Do I, if it's a little Nicky, is it, is it Cardi? Is it, you know what I'm saying? Is it Little Dirk? We gotta hear some Dirk on there. Okay. I, you know, if I need to hear it, you know what I mean? Do I want to hear some ASAP Rocky or, you know what I mean?


I wanna go to Canal Street with it. Like, like it depends on my mood. Mood. I might listen to Rihanna though, but then I might listen to Sia. I might listen to Mick Jagger. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm, you know, I listen to what I, I just, 'cause I like greatness. Right. Michael Jackson Prince. I like greatness man. Right. You know, but then I flip it and you know, Lauryn Hill's son with that, that song. You know that, that, you know that joint. You know, like, ooh, I got one. I got two questions for you. Give me your Mount Rushmore Def Jam artist. Def Jam artist. Yeah. Yeah. You heard it? Def Def Jam artist. Def Def DEF.


Yeah. I rap that one. I spent that one. I quit. I mean, listen, look, if you talking me, look, my Rushmore, that forehead, I'm looking, I'm listening to Jeff Jam. So I'm the first artist on Jeff Jam. So, I mean, not having, not all that, all that. Look here, man, you honor, he filibustering filibuster. He filibuster mandering. He handing me the fucking, the fucking ghost writing came over here. You know, the whole interview. My God. I would help the people in now don't have these people waiting. They don't wear me the fuck out about this nonsense. How about some fucking ghost writing? Hey, but listen, I, here's our, okay, my rush. Okay, we got Jay-Z, we got Kanye, we got ll, we got Rihanna, we got DMX, we got Luda, we got Nas, we got Jay-Z llm got put four first You said Jay-Z twice.


No, no. Secondly, you didn't say say Public. Enemy. Okay. So you talking about the Def jam. Def Jam. How you gonna do a, how you going do Put four heads on there. You know, you was there. Put four heads on. There is ll is Public. Enemy. It's, it's, it's the Beastie Boys. And it, it would have to be, it would've to be slick Rick. Okay. That's all you have to say. 'cause they def Jam. Okay. Was j was hold not a def Jam. Yeah. A thousand years later, I think, lemme ask you a question. If I say give me your Mount Rushmore president's, I'm not talking about No, you don't say current. No, no, no, no, no. I'm not, I'm not saying the current, I'm not saying the current heads. I'm saying all the presidents.


If you want to put all the presidents, give me four. So since all of all the four, I want four Def Jam artist. This is crazy. I need four Deb Jam artist. We got one certified. We got one. Oh, I'm coming back with, I'm coming back with, I got another one too. No, no, no. I aint finished it. Let's stay on that one. Okay. Okay. Like I said, when you think about that era, when you think about, 'cause I'm, when I say, when you think about Mount Rushmore, see most people, it's a lot of ways, what's the criteria for it? Is it is the metric popular success is the metric impact meaning is the metric.


Because Public Enemy what they did in terms of building a label, ll what he did in terms of building a label. And then I got, I'm sorry, what about Rick and Russell? LL is your list. Whatever metric you want to you, it ain't my list, your Honor. So, so, so, so, so, so just so we are clear, your Honor, it's whatever evidence I want to use. Yes, your Honor. Alright. Yes. All right. Yes. So, so his, his evidence is inadmissible. It's all of my shit. Anything I'm thinking about, your Honor, anything that's you, there's yo there. Yeah. So, like I said, you gotta have LL Cool J you gotta have the Public Enemy. You gotta have the Beastie Boys. And you gotta probably do Slick Rick.


Because now, and now these comments are gonna be nuts because they, I don't know what the comments gonna be. I hadn't read the comments yet. You know exactly what the comments gonna be. This shit's so teed up. They gonna be wearing me out. This shit's gonna be crazy. This shit's gonna be nuts. He's capping, he's hating it. Like LLS cap. Yo, you know, I tell you what I'm, do I would, I would give you a chance to redeem yourself. The king of Ka. I would give you a chance of Ka king. Yo. They go, oh my God, I can read it now. Let me get some water and say, as I prepare for this bullshit, hold up. Let me just prepare myself for this bullshit. Go and toast. I like that list. Now we toasted water. That's his list. Now I ain't got nothing to do with that.


Oh Lord have mercy. Lord have mercy. What? Can you do any of what about not just Def Jam. What about a, all right. All right. You know what, four pictures of Rihanna? Everybody happy now? No, don't, don't. He already gave you his list. He already gave his list. But lemme lemme ask you this El, when people talk about greatest rappers of all times term that you, Ali was the first to say, I'm the Greatest of All Time. But you coined the phrase GOAT, which incidentally I got because of Earl Lana GOAT. Yeah, the street. The street. Yeah. The street. Yeah. And put 'em together, but yes. Yes. Okay. When they talk about these, you hear 'em mention Hov and Tupac and Big Air and Na and Eric and Rock, him and KRS one, all them Wayne.


Hell never comes up, bro. I don't know if that's true. I don't feel like that. I don't feel like that at all. No, I'm not. I'm saying I know. I mean, and I was thinking, me and my homeboy was talking. I was like, man, the man has stood the test of time for 40. Nobody's had a career that spanned this long. But that's okay. Everybody got the right to entitled to their own opinion. Man, I don't like, what am I supposed to feel? What am supposed to fucking feel left out? Hell yeah. Why, man, you don't think when they talking about the greatest type got I got, I got Grammys, I'm in the Rock and Raw Hall of Fame. I mean, my resume feast for itself. You know what I'm saying?


Like, I mean the, the, the dudes that they mentioned, you know, most of them had, you know, peak success when the, at the birth of the internet. Why would I trip off of that? And guess what, what I grew up in the music I started off at 16. I don't, I don't, I just don't care about that shit. Like, it doesn't, that's not because Do you used to care? No, because I already believed that about myself. That's why I coined the term. You gotta remember like, they're calling everybody the term that I created. Not a term that they, so it's like, oh, you know, he's the GOAT. He's the GOAT. So for me, it's like, think about it from my end.


It's like, why would I care? Why would I care? Explain to me why we care. Why you would care. Yeah. I think when you have the level of success that you've had, and a lot of guys, I think that sentence just an, I think that was great. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm, I'm, I'm just saying. I mean when you, that's why I wouldn't care. No, but when you've had the level of success, right? We all want validation. That gra hold on. Ah, that Grammy is validation. Oh, that em you got is validation. Ah, that walk that star, the walk of Fame is validation. Oh, the Kennedy Honor award is validation. You don't want those. You didn't want those.


Yeah, I think you putting them all in. No, no, no, no, no. I'm just asking simple questions. Civil yes or no. What's s spice? It's different from a page. How it's different. Is that not validation for what you've done? Is that rock and roll hall of Fame? Yes. It's all validation. But you don't want that. It's all validation. But you don't want that. No, no, no, no. It's all I want it all. I want it all say that. I want it all. Okay. However, however, however, here's the difference. You know what I mean? You not going to make me care about some shit just because I got this shit. It's like, yo, I got a brown couch. I got a green couch. I got a purple couch. I got a blue couch. You ain't gonna make me care about this motherfucker gray couch over here because you want me to want the gray couch. I got all 'em couches. I don't need that couch.


'cause I got all 'em couches. You know what I'm saying? But you trying to make me want this particular couch. 'cause somebody else funky ass to sit. So it's easier. No, no. It ain't about no easy dog. Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen. When you walk, when you, when you launch, you know, a, a label like Def Jam. Yes. When you, when you get, you know, when you, you scoop up a couple of Grammys, get nominated 11 times when you get into the rock and roll Hall of Fame. When you get Kennedy, Center, Honors, when you have albums platinum in a row, when you have all of these accolades, when your wall is full of 10, it don't, whatever it is, 10 consecutive platinum. Yeah. Whatever that is. Oh, you know, whatever it is. Nah, nah. I have my people write there.


You know what I mean? You know when you do, you know, you know when you have all of that? Yeah. You don't trip off of like, I don't see lack. Oh, I don't see lack you fulfilled, you got everything. I see a no no, I see abundance, bro. Like I'm winning what you want me to do? Like why y'all, why y'all want me to be mad like this? Want me to be mad about some shit rather be that I see what it's, yeah, I see what you want me to be mad. I'm not, ain't got nothing to be mad. What am I be mad at man? Okay. Like, like what? I'm gonna be mad because another person loves Tupac. Right? Like, why would I be mad? Because somebody else loves Tupac. Right? That's like, you know, like, listen, I love, I respect bro at the highest height.


I like Jordan. Right? I know you are a bro guy. Yes. I'm not mad at you for that. Right. I'm not mad at somebody. 'cause they love Biggie. I'm not mad at somebody because they think Wayne is dope. Because guess what? All three of them are dope. And I do respect their artistry and they do got some hot ass shit. So I can understand that respect that you appreciate that. Of course. But that's, but you gotta remember when you talk to me, you talking to an mc, see people are only thinking about the rap career. They're not thinking about the mc. And the one thing that the difference is that MCs appreciate other MCs. MCs don't. That's not the thing that people think is missing, is actually motivation and inspiration. That only gives me the, a desire to want to do better, to make a better album.


To make most shit, to make hottest shit and to prove my case on the music. You cannot talk your way into the Hall of Fame. You can't talk your way into none of that shit. You can't talk your way into a Super Bowl championship. You have to deliver. So if somebody has an opposing opinion, then you got to respect that and do something about it in the booth. But check al's resume homie. In terms Yes. For in terms of, in terms of my personal accomplishments. Yeah. 'cause you remember you raised the term validation, right? Right. Well I think I got enough validation, right. If that's what I was looking for. Right. However, here's the thing. I never set out looking for validation because the whole key to MCing and the whole key to even life and being successful is to be self validated.


The validation comes when you validate yourself. You gotta have self validation. You gotta be able to look in the mirror and say, I'm gonna go kick ass. I'm gonna get that job interview. I'm going take it to the next level. I'm gonna take my life and my career and elevate it. I'm gonna go, I believe in me. When you believe in you and your, you self-reference you. When you understand deep in your heart and in your soul that you capable of going to the next level. You don't need no validation from nobody else. I don't walk in no rooms wishing that somebody would say something different. I'm who I am. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Like that. That's important. Lemme ask you a question. Go ahead. Is record sales, is ticket sales validation, does that validate everything is everything can be validation of social, everything.


A motherfucker could tell you they like your shirt and it's validation. You gonna go buy 900 this same fucking shirt. So you keep getting valid. Validate me some more. Validate me some more me said, Hey, got that validation. You out your motherfucker. What about your l Got that validation. Got that validation for you partner. Like, what we doing? We gonna just validate, like, just be validating that like what we doing, man, we gonna roll up some valid, got that validation pack. Like we gonna just roll up the validation pack. You know what I mean? Yes. It's like, so it's like, it's just like, yo, listen man, it's nothing wrong. Listen, I love awards just like the next man, right? I love accolades like the next man. And I respect them too. And I respect all of those bodies that get bestowed those honors on me.


I really do. And you do have millions of people who think that ll is the GOAT. It doesn't matter whether they, they show up in this poll or that survey or whatever, right? Because I see 'em every day in the comments. Right? Every day. Every day. If you go on my comments right now on YouTube and you look at passion, you'll see it. But the point is, how do you feel about you? How do you feel about your game when you step on the court, when you step on the field? Are you on your A game? Right? Are you maximizing your potential? Are you to being the best that you could be when you bone up for that bar exam? Are you being, are you on your A game? You know what I'm saying? Do you need somebody to tell you, you look great today. Like this is real shit. Right? So when on this album, on the four, the fourth that's coming out.


Yeah. You believe that you laid your best work down thus far? Yeah, I do. And you sleep good at night knowing say this, this is the best. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Absolutely. Absolutely. Shit is hot. I love it. And that don't mean everybody gotta like it. Right? I love it. Yeah. Yeah. Have there ever been an album that you put out that you like this a this going, this going rock and didn't get the commercial success that you thought it would? No. No. Because you know, I make different types of albums and you know, you have some that perform at a higher level than others.


But you know, that's okay. You pour the water like it's liquor. Appreciate. See, I'm gonna make you gotta keep you hydrated. I gotta keep you hydrated. Yeah. See, I see how you do it, man. You, you, you, you, you like, I get it now. I get it now. Yeah, buddy. You know, you know you're mad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm mad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What, what was you saying? Yeah, yeah. I love you, bro. Yeah. Nah, nah, nah. Shit. Nah.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers, whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally ironing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders your loyal viewers show. Now. You're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer. One of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I just, I just do what I do. You know what I'm saying? Right. It's like, it's kind like sports art is different from sports because you can keep doing it a longer time. Right. But that being said, it's kind of like you have seasons where you win the championship, right? You have seasons where it blows up. You have seasons where you have a great season. You have seasons where your numbers, you look at 'em like, mm. Right. You have seasons where it explodes again. It doesn't mean you're not a pro. Right? You were professional throughout. You're still a pro, right? You, but you whole career, you had different, you had your pizza, but you're not gonna have a, you had different seasons, but you was still in pizzas every year, right? Yeah. You felt like a proto every year regardless, you know, maybe you tweaked the ankle, maybe something was hammy was, you know, whatever. Right.


It's all good. Nah, I feel good. You were in the studio when Biggie recorded who shot you, correct? Absolutely. Did. What, what was going through your mind? Because it's interesting 'cause I like hearing when people like in the studio and they seeing other artists do their thing, their craft. I mean, obviously like Tupac. I don't think Tu like Hov don't write, don't write anything. I mean, Lil Wayne and hov, they don't, they just go off the top of the head. And I don't know if Biggie had anything down on paper, but it's interesting to see. 'cause when I went to the Pro Bowl, I like to see other guys like, okay, I can understand why. He's like, he's, yeah, I can understand why they're like that. Yeah. So you are in the studio and you're seeing Bickie and he recording who shot you? Yeah. What, what was it like? Did you, did you know that album was gonna do?


That song was gonna do? I thought it was great. I thought it was dope. And I'm just sitting there vibing with him, you know what I'm saying? I mean, I just asked him, yo big, why you smoke so much weed? He said, because it made me feel like I'm in the track. You know what I mean? Right. It was fun. It was just a vibe. We was just vibing. You man, wanna gimme some water. Yeah. It was just a vibe. What I'm saying, we, we, we, we keep you hydrated. Keep me hydrated. Hey, gimme yo. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We, we, nah, nah, that was it. He was just vibing, you know what I'm saying? He was, you know, putting his, putting this thing together, putting, I watched him put it together. You know, we shot you separate the weak from the opposite. You know what I mean? It was crazy. It was dope. Did you pass on two tracks from Big Pass on 'em?


What you mean? Like, he recorded, like you were supposed to do those. You were supposed to be on those. No, no. That's not true. That's not true. No. No. I didn't pass on. No, no tracks from Big. So Sky's the limit. Junior Mafia players Anthem. You didn't. No, but you know what, now if, did the producer send it to me on a beat tape or something? I don't know. They might have, they might remember that more than me. Right. You know what I mean? Right. Like, like sometimes you'll have producers they'll send to put a tape together with a bunch of beats on it or CD back then at that era. Right. Send it to you. I might have heard it and didn't, but it don't matter because I probably wasn't gonna do nothing with it anyway. Like what Biggie did on it was what was supposed to be. Okay. I'm looking at your, you looked at Jennifer Lopez, you run run DMC, Mariah Carey, boys to Man one 12.


So many more in the studio. Like when you go in the studio and you work with these different artists, do you pick up anything from the, how they do it? Like you said, big, big and smoked a lot of weed. What's ll vibe in the studio? Water flowing protein. Protein bars. Yeah. Protein. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Protein. Oatmeal with protein on top of it. You like that right before you go in the studio with no milk or water? Real dry and I just get it in Don't. Yeah, like that. I'm like, is that better? So what's just dry? Just what's ll what's lls vibe in the studio? Studio? Nothing. Just, just, you just going, I extract all the fun out that motherfucker. I, there's some fun. Get rid of that shit. Hey, that's some fun Kai. Get rid of the fun Kai.


Yeah. Just, yeah. So, I mean, so, so you go into the studio, obviously you got the, I mean, like, when you do it, let, let's just say for the sake of argument, mama gonna knock you out. Right? Like Mama said, knock you out. I'm, I'm, I'm in a game. And when the, when the game, like I'm having one of those games, A I don't hear nothing. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's like, it's like everything is just like moving in slow motion. That's how I feel right now. It's like this whole shit is moving in slow motion, bro. Is that, is that how you, is that how like, when you go in the studio and you get on, you get get on beat, you get in the zone. You get in the zone, man, you get in the zone and you know, sometimes you can write conscious streaming.


It's like streaming consciousness. Yeah. Sometimes you can go back and forth and iterate. Kind of like Ernest Hemingway. It all depends, you know what I'm saying? And you know, it also depends on who you're working in the studio with. Oh, okay. Because that, you know, one plus one can equal three. One plus one can equal two, one plus one can equal four. It really depends. 'cause there are intangible elements that come to play when two artists get in the studio together. You know what I mean? Yeah. So yeah, that's what it is. You know, something could, like, like a person might be playing a beat and I might look a certain way and they're like, mm, I need to change that baseline just 'cause the way I looked. Or I, I might say a verse to somebody and they're like, they kind of like, okay.


And I'm like, mm, that didn't, he didn't feel, you know what I mean? Yeah. So it depends. It really depends on, you know, who you working with. But I, in the studio, my thing is that I approach it like, I've never done anything interesting. You know what I mean? Like, like, I, I, you still, you like, I'm still hungry. I approach it like I, I've never done anything ever, ever. I know nothing about the process. So if I'm working with a producer, it's like, what you thinking? I've like, I've never done anything. Wow. You know what I'm saying? Like that's how I approach it. You know what I'm saying? I don't, I don't go in with all, like a whole bunch of, I know how to do this and I know how to do that. You know what I'm saying?


Who is ll been on the track with that you like, I really like, I really like the way he vibed. Who haven't you been on the track with that you like to be on a track with you? I think we should do like a motherfucking, like a real uptempo Let it roll. Get both. We should remix. Set it off by being two, 2K two 56-year-old can't be on no rap album. That's bullshit. Nah, hell no. Here you go with your bullshit. Don't be holding me to y stand. I said I, I said two. Listen. Listen. One, one. Listen. One, one, listen. Man, don't. No, I ain't got nothing to do with That's, that's your own personal health.


No, I'm seeing you Don't clue me. I know. Rope me into that. I know how you feel. I feel fresh. I feel fresh. I've heard you say that a lot of people after they reach a certain age, say they feel like they don't have anything to rap about. So they No, no. You've heard other people say that. Yeah. Any comment? No. You comment on that. No, I'm saying they said it. Yeah. I'm not saying you said it. That's, but that's just, you have to stay curious about the world and interested in the world. See the difference, people make a lot of music. They make a lot of analog analogies or meta. They try to use sports as a metaphor or, or make it analogous to music and art. But it's different. Okay. Because as long as I say curious, as long as spiritually, I'm, I'm open.


As long as I listen to new things that are happening. As long as I care, as long as I'm really interested in pushing the envelope creatively, I can do anything. There's no reason. Like, because at the end of the day, if I'm 19 or if I'm 20, the only thing that matters is when I press play. Do I like that shit? Okay. That's the only thing that matters. So then you feel that should be the only thing that matters right now? Well, it is the only thing that ultimately matters. Okay. I mean, it, you, you might have a few that are a little resistant or hesitant early on, but ultimately when they press play and they like it, they going with it. People gonna rock to the shit that's hot. A lot of dudes, a lot of older dudes don't want to, you know, respect that.


You know, know what, like people gonna rock to what's hot, man, you going, you going, you gonna be up on the stage like Mick Jagger, you goddamn damn right. Absolutely can't wait to do it. I started to wear a Rolling Stones t-shirt today. And that's facts. That's facts. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Yes, absolutely. You know what I mean? You think you, you know, like, lemme tell you something. If you had fresh, fresh legs, if your legs felt fresh and your back felt fresh, you wouldn't be out there. That's a yes. No. I, yeah. I ain't gonna lie. I, because I, I, I retired at 35, but I felt fresh. But l them they started, they, they started moving too fast.


And you heard what you just said. Yeah. You heard what you just said, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You made it external. But your body, you was Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, me, well see I had already been a validator. I had already been validated, you know, I'm saying I got them Super Bowls. I got, bro, when we validate LeBron together right now, you know what I mean? You already know it well. Well he's 20, so he's 20 something years. 22, 20 second, 22nd year coming up. Alright. So still doing it. Oh yeah. Yeah. He's still, he's still, but see, like you, you still have a passion to ride. I love it. You still have a passion to get on, on stage. You still have a passion to pack that stuff up. Live. Live in a suitcase. Live out of a suitcase. Love it. And go country to country. Little suitcase. Tiny ass suitcase. Little tiny ass suitcase with a whole bunch of shit in it.


And buying clothes as you go home. Buying shit. T-shirts out the airport. Nah. Nasty. How about this? You know, I love New York. I'm good now. You, you know, where's the show tonight? How you feel about sampling? Love it. You cool? Because I think, didn't biggie, I'm going back to Cali, didn't he that? Yeah. I mean, he didn't sample it, but he, it was an interpretation going back to Cali. I mean, ye has done like a lot of people use my stuff all the time. Yeah. You know, I don't Would you, do you tell anybody? No. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. Oh, hating. Yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah. I gotta hate it. Yeah. I'm a big hater, you know, I'm the biggest hater in the game, you know what I mean? That's my, my go-to move is to just hate on some shit.


Yo, you try to be successful. Fuck that. Yeah. Yo, stop that. So how do you Yeah, cut that off. How do you determine who you let sample and who you say no to? I mean, you know, if it sounds like dog shit, I'll probably say nah. Oh. So they gotta let you hear they got, you gotta hear it What you think, Hey, I'm just gonna send you a check first. What? Fuck a shot check first. You hear that record, man. You ain't Finn I, because they, they going best around talking about you talking about validation. I can get a cheeseburger, bro. You know, we can talk money later, but I boy your boy can get a cheeseburger. So let me, let me, let me hear the song. Right. Let's start there. Okay.


Okay. Let's start with the song. Let me hear it. Okay. You know, and then we go from there. Right. And I, you know, and I, but I give 'em love, man. Like, I don't, I try not to be too brutal with the, with the, especially with the young artists when they make new music, I don't wanna like over judge them. Right. I don't want to a and r their material. I mean, if it's just like, I can't take it, I'm like, nah, I ain't playing. I can't do it. But if it's borderline, sometimes I can give 'em a pass. You know what what I'm saying? Yeah. Because I, I feel like I would want somebody, they may have a a, a, you know, a kind of approach I don't understand or something. Right. So I give them that, you know what I mean? You give 'em benefit of the doubt. I give 'em benefit of the doubt. I I I, I don't want to, you know, I don't, I wanna see kids making it. Right.


I like to see people succeed. You know what I'm saying? I like that. You know, like, I really do, man. Like, it, it, I just, like, even on my new album, I got a song called The Vow. I put three new kids on it that are unknown. You know, this kid Don Polito, he's from South Side Queens, this kid Mad squabbles from Philly. And this kid Jay Sand from Lafayette, Louisiana. And I got all three of them and they on the new song and And, we found 'em on the internet, me and Q-tip. And I put 'em on the, I made a vow 'cause I got the Eminem on the album. I got Snoop Dogg and Nas and Ross, you know, all of these, you know, Ross and Joe and all of these superstar heavy hitters, goats and, you know, artists on there. So it's like, lemme get some people that haven't, who've never had that opportunity or opportunity.


I made that vow. And so I, I really love seeing other people win too. You know what I'm saying? You know? Do you feel that that's a responsibility for artists that have made it to go back and possibly give other artists that's up and coming an opportunity? You know what's funny, Shannon? I know the, the, the politically correct answers for me to say yes. I think the real answer is to say a artist needs to do what they feel inspired to do. That's the real answer, dog. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Like, I could say, yeah, well, you know, who's responsibility and everybody be, but that's not like, it's all you inspired to do that. Like, I was truly inspired to get those kids the opportunity. I didn't sign them.


I didn't, it was no BS attached to it. There's, there was no contingencies, no strings. I just wanted to give my opportunity. Right. And so yeah. That's how I move. Does that make sense? Yes. Yeah. You know, and then, so like, I think artists, you know, like, like my new album, my only obligation was to be purely inspired and write from the heart. Create something, whether it was imaginary, whether it was fiction, whether it was fact, whatever, mixture thereof. Just to give people a home cooked meal that they can really enjoy. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And that's what the album is. You know what I'm saying? I wanna talk about this new album because then I want to get into a little bit of your, your career outside of music.


Okay. Okay. The force. Yeah. Your first album in 11 years. Your 14th studio album. You have Eminem, you have Nas, Snoop Dogg, Ross, fat Joe Buster, sweetie q-Tip produced the entire album. Yeah. What motivated Al after 11 years? Yeah. Go back in the studio. Yeah. Roll his sleeves up. Yeah. And do it. Roll them shits up the head. Cut 'em, you know, make sure caps What what, what was the motivation? Man? One, I really love it. Two, I love the challenge. 'cause it, it just hasn't been done. Nobody, you know, in hip hop is, you know, been in year 40 dropping heat.


I just think that's really cool shit. Right. You know what I mean? But just being year 40, dropping heat is crazy. You know, like I, it hasn't been done. Right. It excites me. And I like what it sets up for the u for the future generations. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like it, it says to them, it's possible. Like, I went to a Rolling Stones concert and I saw Mick Jagger. I was like, yo, I was actually playing with their lights stick, you know, they had a part in the show. I was working the lights. I'm messing with the lights on Mick. I'm like, yo, this is, you know, and it was like, it was just like, it just shows the poss He approaching 80, isn't he? He's 81. Oh, he's 81. Oh, you really trying to be up there another 24 years. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.


Yeah. Man, why not? Why not? WW would, would it make people happier if I just, I'm just sitting down. Nah. Relaxing. Not at the end of the day. You gotta make what it would make happy. So they can give, so they can pretend in their minds that I'm somehow in their way. It's like, motherfucker, you wasn't gonna do shit. No way. You acting like I'm in your way. Like, oh, L would stop then I can succeed. Right. I don't think so homie. Right. So it's like, nah, yo, I love it, man. Yeah. I love what I do. I love hip hop, man. I love, like, I love being called a rapper. I love being called a mc. I'm not an uncomfortable with that. And I unapologetically love it. I don't have to hide behind any of my other business dealings.


I don't have to hide behind anything. It's, I love hip hop. You are who you are. I love hip hop. You know what I'm saying? And when you see me, you get in that hip hop shit. And that's what, that's what's walking in the room when I walk in. I mean, I'm, I'm a man first. Yes. And I love her of God and Right. The God in me and the God above first. Right. That being said, and I love my family. But that being said, I love hip hop. You know what I'm saying? I, I can't think of a better person to ask than you because you was at the, the very beginning in the early eighties. Obviously hip hop been around 50 years, but you've been basically almost 50 years. Is rap dying? Well, you know, we gotta edit this shit. 'cause you can't pause and think anymore.


'cause everybody thinks a pause is pregnant and you give birth. You're giving birth to the worst answer ever. You know? So, you know, like, or if you stumble on a word that the answer like a cop. Yeah. You know, you know, it ain't got nothing to do with my mouth being dry and the fire was hot as hell. I've been needing Chapstick for 15 minutes. It has nothing to do with that. It's all cap. You know, that being said, that being said, you know what I mean? No physiological issues at all. No. It's all just emotional capping. They don't realize that an interview, that you don't get the questions. You are having to answer questions as they come out. Yeah. So I didn't get a script, but I knew what Shannon was gonna ask me. Yeah. So, you know, if I flub a line, don't take it as a lie or I'm capping. Okay. So that being said, I think it's evolving.


Okay. Because I think that, remember the, the, the, the, the hip hop that a lot of people were know about that that emerged early on was rooted in hip hop culture. The rap was rooted in hip hop culture. Yes. The, so the rap that's rooted in hip hop culture ain't going nowhere. Okay. The rap that's rooted in hip hop culture is still strong. It's still solid. And that's why you have people putting out albums in that day. One audience Loving It, rap that's not as rooted in the purity of the culture. It can be different because it's very pop now. And you know, there are just a lot of different variables.


You know what I mean?


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it's adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key line pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the Stores, whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports. An analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now. You're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, One of My very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Mean. There's so many variables, man. Something as simple as a producer, not being musically trained, but sampling people who are musically trained and thus keeping the integrity of a sound recording and that sound recording hitting people in their souls because they're musically trained. People a part, are a part of the creation. Whereas if you're just tinkering on a laptop and you're not musically trained, it's gonna, you may catch a vibe and catch a moment, but it's not sonically the same. I don't wanna get complicated with people 'cause it'll drive 'em insane. Right. Basically what I'm saying is don't make bullshit. That was a way, go all the way around the world. You don't make bullshit.


You know what I mean? Like, lemme, lemme just put it in language that people can't understand. Don't make bullshit. Right. You know, and it's just like, you know, nah, it ain't dying, man. Nah, it, you know, it's like it grows and it evolves. It ain't the newest thing no more. Right? There's subcultures, afrobeats has exploded reggaeton and, and, and the Latin music has exploded. There are other genres that are blowing up that coming up. So it ain't the young upstart anymore. There's genres that are younger and fresher in that sense, but nah, it ain't, it ain't, it's just evolving, you know. But the thing is, it's just like, look, man, with these dudes and, and with these guys and these girls, like we, you know, if we gonna only rap about, you know, money and pee only, only Yes.


Get a little exhausted Pete. Right? It's like how many times, how many different ways you gonna tell me about that P baby. Yeah, I get it. Oh yeah. You know what I mean? Hey, hey, hey, by the way, I believe you. I believe you. Yeah. Oh no, I believe you. You, I would take word. You might I take you word from, you might have to remix that shit though and talk about something else this week, right. Just once. Right. It's just a, it's just a thought. Right? Hey, just a thought rap about something other than the p Right. Just a thought. But then the flip side of that is if I'm gonna talk about money on every song only and nothing else, right. Or running down on the op. Well, I mean, look, those are all parts of life, but it's also, you know, a dude told me this a long time ago, very talented super producer.


He said things can be in bad taste as long as they don't taste bad. What he was basically trying to say is, you could talk about all the things that we just talked about, but it's the art. Are you injecting art into it? Right? Is it being, is it artful storytelling? Is it artful? Is it an artful approach? Or is it just the same old, same old? But that's where, you know, it's not about criticizing what's going on. Right? It's about if you have a different opinion, then you need to get in the booth. Right? Right. So like, my thing is, is oh, ll you feel different. You think it should be something. Well then get in the booth and prove it. Don't tell us what to do. Don't tell us how to make, make the music that you think you know. Right.


Should be leading the way. And then we'll decide from there. Right. So I go kind of more in that space. Last couple of minutes. I wanna go el I don't want to, what made you decide to say, you know what, I've mastered this rap. I don't know if you used the term master, but I've done a lot in this game of rap. Let me try tv, let me try movies. How did you come to that? How did you come to that conclusion? Well, a couple of things. One, when you got more than one talent, you use it. And then two, I just didn't wanna be a slave to music. I wanted to be able to express myself in different areas and have the freedom to benefit from what I do.


See, I'm in a position where I can do, you know, I work many things. I can do many things. And I'm grateful for that. And I have many relationships, great relationships with great people, and they all give me love and I give them love. And I'm able to work with different people, different industries. And that's a lot of fun. I just didn't wanna limit myself. Right, Shannon? I didn't wanna limit myself. You know what I'm saying? When did you realize that you had that you could do other things? Because it seems to me like early on you're like, okay, yeah, I like the fight. I like boxing, but I ain't really wanna be no boxer. Now the NFL thing, if that could have worked out, I could have been that. But you like the rap. Yeah. It is. Like your heart was into that. Yeah. And now all of a sudden you're like, well hey, TV interests me too, and so do the movies.


Yeah. So I mean, the short answer, man, I just, I just, you know, I just decided that I was just going to just make it happen. I'm just a dreamer Shannon. Right. I'm just a dreamer bro. Like, I'm a dreamer. I'm one of 'em dudes that like, if I dream about something or if I say I'm gonna do something, I do it, man. And I just go get it. Right. And I don't, I don't, I'm relentless, man. Im relentless. See, that's the thing that people don't understand. I'm relentless man. Right? Like, I'm the guy, like if I tell you, yo, if I tell you, yo, in seven years I'm gonna be hiding in your bushes on May 11th, motherfucker, you be on May 11th, you better be ready in the, for the bushes.


Right. And it might be the bushes across the street on me. So don't you know what I mean? So I'm like that dude. Right. So, so it's like, I just loved it. I see a lot of, I see a lot of myself in ul. You strike me as a guy that you worked extremely hard to get to a level. And a lot of times people work extremely hard to get to a level and they're okay with that. You worked extremely hard to get to that level and worked even harder to go even higher and, and want to just keep going and want to just keep growing and keep going and keep getting it. Because guess what? Apple trees don't retire, bro. You from the country, when a peach tree retires, it's dead. Yeah. For, for we do peach.


Oh, I'm, I, I'm, you know, I don't feel like giving up no peaches this week. Yeah. I'm gonna chill this season. I'm gonna take a season off. Yeah. You only get a couple years not to bear no fruit. They gotta chop you down. You feel me? Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. You keep bearing fruit in life. So whatever that fruit chooses to be, you could be a mechanic, you could be a girl doing hair, you could be a doctor, you could be a surgeon, you could be a, a lawyer, you could be a damn mechanic. Or you know, you could work a baggage handling at the airport. It don't matter. Whatever it is that you do in your life, you wanna take care of your kids, you wanna take care of yourself, you wanna put yourself through class, you wanna take an online class, whatever it is, you bear fruit in life. You know what I'm saying?


Right. You maximize your personal potential. You here doing this, a lot of, lot of big hall of, you know, guys like you, high level athletes, they just let it go. Right. You ain't let it go. No. Why you ain't let it go 'cause you wanted more. Right. How much is enough more. Right. It's not about, so it's like we are in this world to maximize our potential. Right. I'm not here to pretend to like not to be too cool to have goals. I ain't got time for that shit. Right. I want it all. I'm gonna get you outta here on this. I think you've accomplished so much in the music industry. Film industry.


Yeah. Television. You're an entrepreneur. Yeah. Hell, I'll be honest with you, I think the most impressive thing, you've been the same woman for damn near 40 years. Yeah. I know. My audience wanna know how when you, the, the success that you've enjoyed for 40 years, and a lot of times when one individual wants to be successful, the other individual must be willing to sacrifice maybe their goals and what to stand behind that person to push them forward. Well, look, what I do is this, man, if there are times when I need to go in my room and close the door and, and re relax and take a break, I know when to take a break.


Okay. All right. That being said, when it comes to helping somebody pursue their dreams, helping them become whatever it is they need, want to become helping them be the business woman or career that have the career they want to have, I'm willing to help and encourage that. And that not only goes for Simone, it also goes for my daughters, my son, and all of them. Right. So it's a matter of being helpful when I need to be and taking space for me when I need to. You know what I'm saying? So I'm not above taking some space. I'm telling you I'm that guy. Oh, okay. I'll take some space. That being said, I'm gonna be there. I'm gonna help, I'm gonna do everything I can to encourage you to go to the next level in your life.


And I'm gonna be supportive all along the way because I want you to be successful and independent and able to take your life to the next level. And that's what I do. How do you know she was the one L? Because you knew what you wanted to become. You saw, you saw the future. You saw like, I'm gonna do this. You never know. You don't know Hey. there is no answer to that. There ain't no right answer. No answer to that. So people been lying when they talking. Oh yeah, I, I these are thirst fucking ass door. I knew she was the one dog. Yo, you know what man? I just, you like that skirt. You just cut that shit out. These dudes you don't know. I listen. You know, some things are best just, you know, let them be, let time answer them questions.


Right. You know what I'm saying? I just put her like this man in life, man. We gotta maximize our potential. We gotta be, you know, you wanna be the best human being you could be. You gotta have faith in God, faith in yourself, and you got, you know, you also gotta allow some things to happen in your life. It's not only about hard work, it's about actually tuning into the frequency that's gonna allow some good things to happen to you. And it's also wanting the best and wanting to see other people succeed. You know what I'm saying? Like, it's just like when you call me, when you call me the first time about this podcast, it was just a idea. Right? This is before all of the big interviews and it blew up and all that. I had already said yes. Yeah. So you got people watching this. Oh, I don't want to get on Shannon now that they hot.


This is with three years in the makeup, yo. But see, but that's the, you said it, but I'm just saying you, you know what I mean? Yeah. So it's like letting, you gotta let life happen. You gotta let life happen, man. And, if you tuned into the right frequency, good things are happen. And so you ain't gotta be like, I don't try to be perfect. You know what I'm saying? I don't claim to be perfect, you know what I'm saying? I'm not that guy. I also don't claim to be like, you know, off my rocka, you know, I'm not gonna ruin my life just to be successful. It's just like, 'cause that's not success, right? Correct. Or, so I'm not gonna be publicly, I'm not gonna publicly ruin, personally, ruin my life to have public success. You know what I mean? Right. You just kind of live and that's what I do. You know what I'm saying?


And then take care of them kids, make sure they can take care of themselves and then just get a people love. That's it. How do you, what I struggle with El is that tough men create easy times. Easy times create weak kids. Yeah. How do you, how did you balance you being who you are, but also, like you saying, trying to raise kids to realize that, you know, just because you're my child, that doesn't mean it's gonna be as perfect or, and it's never was perfect. No, I get it. I get it. I get it. How, how, how did you do that?


I mean, the real thing is like, don't ask me for nothing that ain't attached to a dream. Oh wow. You know what I mean? I'm not here to be your personal, you know, concierge service show you video games is all, you know, that ain't my job. Right. Like, you know, my kids growing up, they ain't even have TVs in their rooms. I wouldn't let 'em. Wow. Why? Because I wanted them to use their imaginations. Because that's the, the where you get the preview of life's coming attractions. Right. The imaginations. We good, we good. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's where we That's right. Yeah. So I didn't, they have TVs in the room and then it's like, okay, custodial count.


Yeah, I'm gonna do all that. Yeah. Yeah. We're gonna hook it up, but what's the dream? What's the goal? I'm not here to buy you a bunch of shoes. I'm not tricking on my kids. Right. I didn't grow up tricking on them. You know? And also encouraging them to be creative. And what do I mean by creativity? I'm not talking about just the arts I'm talking about in life. You, you know what I'm saying? Like, that's a real important factor. Yeah. You know what I mean? Because if they don't have that inner desire to create you, you'll have rich bums. You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. Because, because you, it's easy to like, listen man, you know, money doesn't make you more of a man. Like you can have all the money in the world be goofy as hell. Right. And you just be at restaurants eating with people and eating with, you know, you'd be eating with a girl and she just there 'cause she liked the scenery and shit. You know what I mean? Like, you could be goofy and rich, easy. You know what I mean? Right. So you can also be, a kid can be from a wealthy background and be a bum because their mentality, right. They got a bum mentality. My kids don't have that. My kids have a wealthy mentality. Their spirits are rich. Right. Because I, you know, when I was, when they was eight, nine years old, I was taking 'em down to the stock exchange, going around the back showing 'em, oh, yo, all the mean trillions of dollars go through here just so they could see what was going on.


You know what I mean? Teaching them about being entrepreneurial, teaching them about spirits. And now, you know, you know the spirit and now you know, one has her denim line and another works with me at Rock the Bells and my company and another one has her skin line and, and, and their mother has their jewelry line. Right. You know, like all of them are working and doing different things. You let them have their dreams, didn't you? Because people ask me about my kid, they said, well, your son didn't play football. I said, that was my dream. That wasn't his a hundred percent. I want them to live their life. Yeah. 'cause I got an opportunity to live mine. Yeah. That's why I didn't name my son Junior, you know, and I'm a third, by the way. So he would've, you could have a fourth, he would've been a fourth, and then you could have a fifth.


I know, but I You stopped it, huh? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I want him because that's to order be. Yeah, it's to order. Idiot. No, that's all order. Like, you know, I want him to be his his old man. His old man. And so I'm the third, you know, James Smith, like, like probably the 14th thousand. But that's a whole nother goddamn that, that's a whole nother show. Yeah. Smith. Yeah. Yeah. DeVos called me, man. Yeah. I mean, but I was the third. So it's like, but yeah, that's the thing, man. Just teaching them to dream and not spoiling them. Right. Like, you know, like, I'm not with that man. Like, I'm, you know, like people, like I'm low maintenance, man. High expectations Shannon. Wow. You know what I'm saying? I like that. Low maintenance, high expectation. No question. You know, I don't, I don't need, require a lot of pampering and premium and all that bullshit, but I want the best in the world.


I want to, I, I need luxury around me. I want to feel, but with, with an asterisk of not all that extra that comes along with it. Yeah, man, it's corny. It's boring. Or you leading with your wallet, you know, you trying to, you know, tell everybody you got money, so that's why they should like you. It's like, come on man. Right. Like, who are you inside, bro? You know, when I'm in the gym, And, we sitting there on the bench or we talking And, we, you know, we doing some cur Ain't ain't about your bank account. Right. You know, when can we just have a conversation, man? Yeah. Can we just have a conversation, bro? Like, you know, I know you got your contract, big dog. Congratulations, doc. Yeah, yeah. Congratulations, doc. You know what I mean? But Right. So that's kind of like how I live my life. And when I look at artists, when I look at my kids, when I look at human beings, when I look at people, I come from that space.


What up? You know what I'm saying? Like, nothing changed. Like, you know, except, yes, I've evolved, but I haven't changed in terms of my view of human beings. I still love people. You know what I mean? The one, the only, the album is the album out. The album is September 6th. September 6th. The fours frequencies are real creative energy. Almost 50 years in the game. The one but only LL Cool J Peace. Ah, little more. Love it, bro. Awesome. All my life, grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, wanna slice, got the bro dice, and watch all my life I been grinding all my life, all my life, grinding all my life.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns in church. Voila. You Got straightway. He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Networks, team of experts, the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.