
TD Tudy infra sick touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. Download the Sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 200 and bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk ng.co/ft ball.


This is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when you're love of the sneaker game. Has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match Lake Timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry then you could wear at once. Yeah. eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and red fashion eBay things people love.


Allstate wants to remind fans that mayhem is everywhere. Like when your fantasy league meets up at your house, everything's great until the hot plate gets too hot for the tablecloth. Now your kitchen's up in smoke And. if you don't have the right home insurance coverage. The cost to fix this is anything but a fantasy. So switch to Allstate, save money and get protected from mayhem like this. Not available in every state terms. Apply savings vary. Allstate vehicle and property insurance company and affiliates, north Brook, Illinois,


The Illuminati. We, I've had people on here and they talk about the Illuminati. Do you believe in it? No. Literally, people come on and think it's real. Yeah, I'm rich as I'm Jewish. Nobody asked me to join any of them secret societies. Right, right. Nobody. I'm like, hello? Can I at least get an invite to a cocktail party All my life? Grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The why All my life I be grinding all my life. Look all my life, grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Got the roll of d.


Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprietor Club Shehe, the guy that's stopping by for conversation on the drink. Today is one of America's most famous and successful entrepreneurs. He created the world's first streaming platform. He's one of the top 10 Wall Street trades of all time. He's in the Guinness Book of World records for the largest single E-Trade transaction. One of the most influential people in cable and sports industry. Self-made multi-billionaire savvy, entrepreneur, internet pioneer, genius, financier, highly respected businessman, a ele celebrated sports owner. He helped the Dallas Mavericks win their first NBA title in 2011. Prime Time television star. He was a shark on the award-winning TV show.


Shark Tank as an executive producer for Academy Award-winning movies. Bestselling author, avid philanthropist, humanitarian and Mogul. Here he is, ladies and gentlemen. Mark Hubert. What's Up Shay? I love that intro, man. When you hear all those things you like, damn. I love, I'm like no more. No, no, no. You're just telling me I'm old. That's all You drink, mark. Yeah. Do I drink? Yes. Okay. Well, you know, hey, this is my own cognac. It's called Shaa by La Portier. You know anything about cognac? Yeah, A little bit. But I'm a separate, right? I'm not like, yeah, yeah. I ain't, I ain't expecting you to take this into the dome mark. I didn't say I never have. I'm just saying thanks for having me on. Thanks for coming on.


Appreciate you. Oh, so much for being a sipper. Yeah, it was just a tiny one. So let's get right into it. Your big acquisition this off season was Clay Thompson. Yeah. Obviously you got Luca, we know what Luke is. You have Kyrie a guy that can take, make big shots, tremendous handles. How were you able to convince Clay to come to Dallas when his dad wanted him to go to la? He grew up as a Lakers fan. Kobe was his idol. How did you convince him? Join us in Dallas. I mean, credit goes to Nico and Kyrie NJ Kidd. Right? They, they know him. They've played with him. They understand him. And that's literally why we brought Nico Harrison in because of his relationships with players.


Okay. And so they went out and spent time with him, got to know him better. And really, and I think Clay was ready for a move. Right. You know, all the, the grief he got last year, particularly the way it ended. So the timing was right. And, you know, kudos to ca to Clay for being willing to make the move. And kudos to Nico j Kidd and and Kai for making it happen. Is it hard to convince players when they've had such success in one Low Cal and they've been there for an extended period of time and that's their identity? They're known. He's always gonna be known as a warrior. No matter what happens if they win a title here, he'll still be known as a warrior. Sure. Is it really hard to convince players to join a new franchise when they've been associated with one franchise for So long?


It depends. If they're the number one guy or number two guy, or number three guy. Okay. Right. If you're number one like Steph's not going anywhere. Right. You're right. You Can understand, you know, now the LeBron moved around Right. Just for different reasons. But the the number two guy, if if it's not going the way you want, then yeah, the door is open. But it takes somebody who's special, somebody who's got the confidence in themselves, somebody who's got the ambition, and somebody who really has got something to prove. Right. And Clay's got a lot to prove, which is great. 'cause those are the kind of guys you want on your squad. Right. Because they're gonna go, they're gonna work harder than ever to, to prove people wrong. You come off one of your best seasons since you won the NBA title, you get to the NBA finals.


Luca had an outstanding year. I think he finished top three in the MVP. Kyrie was sensational. Why weren't you guys able to get over that hump against the Boston Celtics? You lose that Series four one Celtics Are good. They were very good. Yeah. Right. I mean, they didn't have a lot of weaknesses. And so, and in order to beat them, we had to make a lot of threes And. we just didn't, you know, our, our three point shooting wasn't up to par where it was during the playoffs or the regular season. We couldn't get stops like we needed to And. we couldn't get the rim to the rim the way we needed to. When, when Jalen Brown is blocking shots at the rim of being a ribbon protector, you know, it's not your day. So, you know, credit to them. But, you know, adding clay, adding Naje, I mean, we got better. Right.


You all this the following, the previous offseason you added Kyrie you, you know, you trade to make the trade for him, but you signed him, resign him in in free agency. How would you, how did you know that he and Luca would play the play so well together? Because Luca needs the ball. Kyrie needs the ball to do all these stuff, but he can play off the ball. How did you know that they'll work together? Because they're both basketball savants. Right. They understand the game. They know how to play. They know what it takes to win. They compliment each other in a lot of ways. You know, Luca's big strong and not so quick where Kyrie's quick handles, I mean, they both got handles, right? Yes. Outta the world handles, but just plays the game a little differently. And when you have a back court that can compliment each other, and both are willing to let the other guy lead when the time is right.


Correct. That's when it's gonna work. Like when we first traded for 'em, they were, they couldn't figure each other out because they hadn't had a pre-season together. And then, you know, last year it took a little time. I mean, we didn't get it right at the beginning, but by the end of the year they were playing off each other. Great. And it was like, 'cause I, you know, Luca just loves to start a game by taking over. Right. And then Kai is fourth quarter Kai. Right. And if Kai's rolling, Luke's like, here you go. And if Kai's not rolling, he goes, gimme the ball. It's my turn. Right. Okay. Yes. And when they got that respect and that relationship, that's when everything changed. But, you know, Kyrie had a history of what transpired, I mean Cleveland and it was Boston and it didn't work out with the na that had, so how do you deal with a player that, you know, might, it might not have worked out over here, it might not have worked out over there, it might not have worked out over there.


But you know what? I believe in this player and it's gonna work out over here. How do you, how do you assess that? Mark, you Talk to him and you talk to people around him, you watch what happens, you know how their actions are when you watch Kyrie before he came to the Mavs. Even when you watch Kyrie after the game, you know, you see, you see in football, right? There's guys will swap jerseys. Yeah. Slap each other Right. And walk out the door and never talk to each other again. Correct. Kyrie is one of those guys, like, he's gonna hug you, embrace it. Yeah. He's gonna hug you. Like he's known you for 20 years and you guys are first cousins. Yes. Right? And that says something when guys are getting that close to each other. And so when you talk to players, they loved them. Yes. Nobody had a bad word to say about Ky Re that ever stepped on the court.


And so to me that was all we needed to know. Okay. And then from there, all the things you said, well, okay, what went wrong in Boston? What went wrong in Brooklyn? A lot of that is maturity. Right. But a lot of it was circumstances too. Right. How often is Covid gonna hit? Right. You know, and lead to those circumstances. And what we learned was you just let Kai be Kai. Okay. You know, and I love talking to the guy, and I say this all the time, like, you know, if you go back to your college days and you're sitting in the dorm and you're hanging out with friends, there's a couple guys that just wanna get trashed, right? There's a couple guys that wanna get trashed and talk about girls. Right? And then you all are talking about sports. Kai's the dude that's sitting there wanting to talk about world peace. Okay? Right. Why aren't we fixing this? You know, how do we end hunger?


He's just got that, he's got a heart of gold, he's got a huge heart and he wants to help people. You know? And even if you look at his social media, it's about his tribe. Right. It's about the people around him and how he can lift people up. Right? Yeah. His community. And, and that, once we saw that, I mean, to me it was, it was easy to, to make that decision. When you hear people like, man, they're misunderstood. What was your perception of Kyrie before you actually got around Kyrie and found out what type of genuine person that needed? Honestly, before I did the work, I thought he was a team killer. Okay. Right. I was just like, because I never talked, there was no point, there was no reason for me to talk to people about him. Correct. Right. It's just like, hey, if he doesn't wanna play when the Mads come to town, great. Right, right. If things don't work out on another team, great.


But, you know, when the opportunity to trade for him came, it was like, okay, let's do the work. And you know, Nico did the work. J kid knew him, Nico knew him for years. And it was like, okay, let me talk to folks. And everybody loved him. And so then you looked at the organizations he was at and you know, I'm, That didn't help the situation. Yeah. Right. And so, I mean, I knew all these owners. Right. And I knew the circumstances and, and so, you know, it, it wasn't a hard decision. Right. What, when you sit down and talk to Kai, and you mentioned it earlier, like you look at his social media feed and he's talking about things that normal guys his age probably not talk, talking about. No. Yeah. But when he got dropped by some of these major sponsors, what, what did you, what did you share with him?


I was like, can I help? And, and obviously, you know, when it comes to shoes, which is big money off court. Yeah. We got Nico Harrison right there. Right. And so Nico gave him a lot of guidance and support. He had talked to him and worked with them at Nike. So Nico was great and you know, I talked to Kai about business and he was just like, mark, I just want to be myself, lead the way I wanna lead and be creative. And he found a great deal. Right. And he's been making it work. Right. If you notice the deals he signed since he came to us, there's no problems. Right. There's no issues because we just let Kai be Kai. And when you do that, good things happened. Right. Now, is it true that when Giannis was a free agent, you, did you want to sign, try something?


Because I'm reading out, it says like, you passed on Giannis. No. Okay. Two different things. Right. So when Giannis was getting drafted, right, right. That's When you passed. That's when we passed. Right. Because we had Dirk and this was like 2012, I think it was in 2013. And, we were just won the championship two years ago. And so one, some of our people wanted to go for Giannis. Okay. I wanted to trade down And. we ended up getting Shane Larkin, not because so much of Shane who could play, but we needed that cap room to go out and try to sign somebody. Right. To, to propel Dirk. We wanted to go for the, the gold again, get another one. Right. We wanted to get another one. So, you know, but it's just the way it worked out. And had we gotten Yiannis, we never gotten Luca. Wow. Yeah. Yeah.


So is how do you make, how do you, how do you do that Mark? Because you're like, okay, there's this guy here, And, we have a superstar already on the team. And we are trying to maximize because he's not gonna play another 10 years. Right. So we wanna maximize this. So how do you really determine, because you look at YI was like, damn, if we don't have you, Luke, But remember, remember, so Jan is coming out there were like, I, I vividly remember there were two VHS tapes of him playing in the Greek leagues. That was all they had to show me. You know, you know, like the old school tapes, if you went into a yard Yes. Yard, yard sale. Right. And you find these tapes. Yeah. You know, when it's got lines and everything. Yes. And it looks like some, you know, someone's mom shot it. Yeah.


That's what it was. Right. And look, he got drafted at 13 I think, or something like that. And so, you know, it wasn't like every other team knew about it either. Correct. But you know, you have to respect Dirk, you have to respect what he's done for us. And I already know, like Dirk, if we had just, you know, instead of going for it in free agency, if we had just said, okay, this rookie's gonna be great, it would be like, what a shit show with all love. Right. Because Dirk's all love, but, you know, so, you know, just outta respect to Dirk, it was my, it was my final decision and, and we went for it And. we didn't get the free agents we wanted, but that was the plan. Does the buck have the buck always stopped on Mark Cuban's day?


Yeah. It's got to Right. It was my team, you know, it was my responsibility, my final decisions for better or worse. Right. Because I heard Jerry say, Jerry says, no one can run the Cowboys better than I can as a gm. Is that how you feel? There's probably a lot of people who can run it better. Obviously someone's gonna get the chance now, but Right. But Jerry, you know, Jerry and I had a a d and the difference is between us is Jerry saw the whole thing as a business. Right. Right. And when he talks about running this thing as a business and as a football team, he is. Right. Right. And they've gotten 12 and five, like three straight years. Right. So it's not like they suck. Right. Right. Correct. And you know how hard it is to get over the home. Absolutely.


Right. It takes some luck and it, you, you know, you're playing against Mahomes who's like the Michael Jordan in some respects of quarterbacks, you know, then it was Brady before him. Right. Right. And so I, I'm not disagreeing with Jerry. I just think you gotta give more credit to luck because luck has more impact than probably anything I could do or anything Jerry can do. Wow. Okay. So have you had conversations with Jerry about what Jerry? I don't know, maybe you let, you know, let such and such, maybe it's a different eye. No, I've had conversations with him in the past, but not about players. Right, right. Because I don't know shit about football players when, I mean, I got my own fantasy football stuff. My son Jake is just all about fantasy football. Right, right. But yeah, you, you've gotta, you've gotta live it to make those kind of decisions.


But I've talked to him in the past about coaching decisions and stuff, but that was probably 10 years ago. Okay. This is Michael Finley, grant Williams, they tell the story, but I wanna get to Luca. I believe if Luca were to like train in the off season, get himself in tip top shape, I don't think Luca realize he's great. I'm talking about he has trans, he's transcendent, he's historically great. But I don't think Luke will realize how great he can be. Yeah. Yeah. I mean look, we all mature as we get older. Right. And this going into a six year, he learned, he learned what it takes to get to the finals for the first time. And that tells you a lot. It's like with Dirk, when we lost in 2006 in the finals to Miami, Dirk's attitude changed completely.


Wow. Yeah. Dirk just became a different human in terms of preparation. I mean literally like no alcohol during the season, which wasn't how we used to be. Trust me. You know, no sweets. Right. Okay. No fried food. Yeah. During the season, just complete above face on how he approached his profession. And Luca's smart like that too. Now, you know, I, I haven't talked to him this off season about all that kind about hookah. What's that? What About the hookah? Hey, let just tell you this. I know one guy who's about seven foot and it is a hall of famer who introduced me to Hookah. Yeah. Right. The one time I've tried it and he ain't slowing down and he is like 37.


So I'm not gonna judge there. Okay. What Do you think about hookah? I I've never tried it. Yo. You never have. Yeah. Yeah. I've done it once. Twice. Twice. You Like it? Nah. No. If I've only done it twice, that tells you. Right. That's, you Go. So tell us the story about Grant Williams. You, you signed him in fridge and from the Celtics and I guess he's Michael Fanny tells the story that he's trash talking Luca in practice. Yeah. Were you there that day? I Wasn't there that day, but I heard all the stories obviously. So what, so what happened to the best? What were you, what was relayed to you? Oh, ju you know, grant, grant was trying to define himself. Grant's a great guy. Right. I still keep in touch with him. I like him a lot. And he was trying to define his role with the Mavericks.


You know, he wasn't gonna be the best player, but he was gonna be a role player that that had to fit in, made threes. But he was kind of like the enforcer. And he also wanted to be kind of the adult on the court, you know, and, and with Luca it just didn't go over well at all when you start trash talking Luca. Right. That's never going to end well. Like if I've trash talked him like in fun, he gives me the stink eye. You know, you are not doing that to Luca. And Grant found out the hard way. How did dur when you said, 'cause I think you said he's going, Luke is going into his sixth season. Dirk played 20 seasons with you, the only franchise that he's ever played with.


You say Yeah. Right now Luke is the best player. You really believe that right now that he's a better player than Dirk's ever played. Yeah. Yeah. I mean Dirk, remember the league has changed. Right. You know, and Dirk, the skills he brought and even more than his skills, the mindset, Dirk is one mentally tougher than any human I've ever met in my life. You know, whether it's dealing with pain prep, 'cause you know better than anybody, right? It's what you do off the court. Correct. Off what you do off the field. That's more that defines what you do if you don't do it off, you know, mentally, physically, intellectually. Right. Learning all the things you need to do. Your football iq, your basketball Q it doesn't matter how talented you are.


Right. Right. We've seen, we've both seen talented guys just going right through flame out in a minute. And so, you know, Dirk had that mindset that was stronger than maybe anybody other than Michael Jordan. Right. And that's, you know, Luca on the other hand, in terms of actual skill and killer instinct, Luca can handle the ball. Dirk needed somebody for to get him the ball. Get the ball. That's the only reason. Right. If Dirk was, Dirk came out now. Right. And he'd have the skills and the handles. Right. Because you know, like kids today they watch on Instagram, they watch on TikTok all the drills and all the handles and they see Steph and they see Luca and Kyrie and so they all IMU Dirk would've been out with all those handles and They'd been unfair a whole different thing.


So basically he'd been Kevin Durant before Kevin Durant for sure. Kevin Dur Red got handled and could shoot the ball. The seven foot tall could shoot the ball like dirt. So basically been Exactly, yeah. He'd have been KD before KD He would've been. Right. And and then some. And that's no disrespect to kd. Right? Who was that first person to get me that hook guy? You, when Lucas' contract's up, he's gonna have the biggest contract in NBA here. Yeah, For sure. Do you believe we're gonna get to a point in time, I don't know how soon, probably because of where it's going that we gonna see a A a A, an NBA player with a billion dollar contract. Yeah, Yeah, for sure.


A billion mark. Yeah. But I mean that presumes that TV keeps on going up the way it is. Yeah. But you're gonna see a hundred million dollars a year here shortly. Wow. Because if the TV contract has 10% increases in the cap, the way the CBA works. Right. And you saw Steph, you know, had 62 million for one year. Yeah. Right. I mean when Luca and Tatum and all these guys, man, they're T Young Tatum just got what? Tatum just got what, like 400 something. So Luca's about to get A lot, A lot. And it's gonna go crazier. Like this year, this coming year is still old CB, a old TV money. Right. Once that new TV money get kicks in, like they'll be making more money a year than I will.


These guys are gonna be making like, I don't care how many billions you have, like I don't have a real job. Right. Right. You know, and so I'm not making a million, a hundred million dollars every year. Right. Right. You're gonna have, you're gonna have players making more than the owners. Wow. And that's okay. Right? There is no league without them. Right. That's what makes basketball the NBA different than every other sport. Right. You know, you couldn't recognize 50 of 53 guys on an NFL roster if they walked in the door. Right. Right. NBA. Right. Particularly if you play 2K, you knew all 15 guys and the two week guys too. Yes. Right. And that's unique. You don't have that in baseball. You don't have that in soccer. You have in or the NHL you that's unique.


They are the league and they earn every penny of it.


TD TDY taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure. Touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score, we want to bet on touchdowns and at DraftKings sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player to score touchdown.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


TD Tudy taking it to the house. Infra six. Whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports book partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how they score. We want to bet on touchdown and DraftKings. Sportsbook is delivering ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Or how many touchdown will be in a game? Go to DraftKings Sportsbook app, make your pick ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new DraftKings. Customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big with Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdown. Download the Draftking Sports book app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 200 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. C dk ng.co/ft ball,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the DraftKings sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and W at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24 C terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


Well obviously there's been a lot of fuss because the streaming is really taking this thing over. I mean, you have Amazon and Remember when you said, you know, started the first streaming platform. Yes. Thank you very much. Let's go back to that. I read a quote probably about, I was probably 22, 23. They says a genius sees things that no one else sees and hits the bullseye, the streaming platform. Mark, how could you have foreshadow? This is where it's heading. Yeah, it was easy actually. I mean it made perfect sense to me. I'd been in the technology business for a long time. Right. Okay. And my buddy Todd, and actually our start, the building we started in was next door there, two doors down. And we're like, look, this internet stuff, there's gonna be multimedia at some point.


Right? Right. Let's start with audio and eventually it'll get to video. And we're like, okay, is anybody else doing this? No. Okay, let me buy a computer. I bought another computer, put in a second bedroom my house. And I was like, let's just grind it out. And. we started going to every radio station, every sports league. Like we just got all the rights and locked them up. We were YouTube before YouTube and, and really, it, it, it was hard to do, but in hindsight I was shocked. No one else had done it before. Wow. And you look back at it. So when you sold that first company, it's like, did you like, damn, that was, that was, that was easy. Do you, do you start a company with the hopes of selling it?


No. Never. Right? I always start a company with the hopes of fucking things up. Right. And trying to disrupt things, you know, so like, I remember when we started, it was audio net before it was broadcast.com and people were like, well what's the mission on, you know, what's your personal goal? And I'm like, I wanna be the next Ted Turner. Because Ted Turner had TBS Right. Started CNN. Right. And then he was, you know, doing the racing, the yacht racing or whatever. The World World Cup. Yeah. World Cup. Nah, nah. What was it called? What is it? America's Cup. America's Cup. Right. And or something like that. But in any event, and he has champagne everywhere. He has hot girls everywhere. Right. And he's like managing the Braves when he wanted to. I'm like, come on, that's what I wanna be.


Right. I want to have fun. And so the goal though was to see if we can turn this thing and actually at some point in time replace television. And it happened slower than we expected, but it's happening now. And that, that was the vision Is linear. Well, because it seems like people just like go linear for live sporting events. It's like everything else is kind of like the Netflix, the Amazon is the tuby, the, all that other stuff is on like streaming platforms. Yep. Is that where we're, so in the next five to 10 years, mark, where are we gonna be? That's Where we're gonna be. Right. Because linear television is struggling, you know, you know, you know, you know ESPN used to have 110, 120, 110 million subscribers.


Now they're down in the seventies or something like that. And that's changed. Right. You know this industry well. Right. And it's harder even for Fox Sports and those guys. And so the money's just not gonna be there. It used to be like, there, there was a time where it was like, okay, what's on, what are the new shows on A-B-C-C-B-S and NBC. Right. And you were Set used to be must watch watch tv, you set your clock like man, I'm gonna go watch friends. Right. I'm gonna watch Everybody Loves Raymond or all the whatever, Shark Tank whatever. Shark Tank and Shark and Shark Tank. Yeah. Shark Tank. Yes. They, Hey, did you know that was gonna be a no? I thought It was gonna suck, but we'll, we'll get there in a sec. Right. Okay. So, but those shows like are scripted shows. They're not going to linear television anymore. No.


They're going to streaming. Right. Netflix and Peacock and Max and those guys. And so, you know, now the linear stations are trying to do all sports, you know, and, and that's their angle. And on Shark Tank, literally when I, I got asked to be a guest shark and they're like, we'll give you three episodes. I'm like, cool, I'll come on. This show's not gonna last. Right. I'm just going there. Literally IO TV for three shows. Right. That's exactly right. I'll be on, you know, I, I'll be on network television on a, B, C for three shows. I'll raise some, hell show people I know what I'm talking about with business and we'll see what comes next. Right. And the next thing you know, bam. Of course I take all the credit. This meteorites deal, obviously TNT is a has been at it.


It's an institution. Alright. Chuck, Kenny, Charles and, excuse me, Kenny Shaq. Ernie. Ernie. Yeah. And Shaq. Yeah. And Shaq. So obviously they're an institution and after this year they're not gonna be there unless NBC or ES ESPN or one of these Amazon, somebody picks them up. How difficult is that? Because they say, well we are gonna sue because we had Right. Or first refusal, whatever the case may be. You don't have to get into too deep into it, mark. But so what's going on with that? Did you know that the media rights deal was gonna be basically like three x, four x, 10 X? Yeah. Because we were the last big media deal available goes think about what we just said.


Right? How do you keep linear TV alive? Yes. Right. You need sports and the NF L's already locked up, so who's next? And so if you're gonna stay alive, you needed us. And then when streaming wanted some of it to be able to carve out just some like Amazon carves out on peacock, carves out some. It's like, why would we not take that money? Yeah. You know, and I mean 51% goes to the players. So they were happy about it too. Absolutely. I think the thing is, is that these platforms, the streaming platform, the Netflix, the YouTubes, they want to be channels. They want to be taken serious. And you cannot do it without sports. No. You Can't live sport events. You can't. 'cause that's what's kept them alive. Right. The, the NFL and to a lesser extent the NBA and Major League baseball, you know, the other sports are helping, but they're living on the NFL.


Yes. Right. And the NFL is just more and more and more and more. But at some point there'll be a tipping point. Right. Because it costs more to get a linear television network than it does just a streaming. Right. Because the cable network, the satellite network, they're having to pay all this money and they're having to charge consumers all that money that's not gonna stay or stick around forever's, not stay. And they're all Yeah. It's not sustainable the way it is today. And all those platforms are trying to figure out the right way to do it. If Mark Cuban was an NBA player today, how would he spend his money?


How would he invest his money? How would you, how would, what type of business if you are an NBA player, so Right. You coming in and so you don't have the business achman that you have. Right. Just chill. Right, right, right, right. So if I'm just a two-way player. Yeah. Right. If I'm a two-way player, I'm living like a student. Okay. Because you don't know how long it's gonna last. Right? Correct. Okay. And one of the hard things is, you know, like I never, I didn't grow up with money. I, I didn't have shit. And, and so it's hard when you first get money to understand what it is. Right. How, how much do you have and what can you actually do? 'cause you, you hear all these stories and you think big and you know how that goes. Right. But You don't think it's gonna happen to You. Right. Right. And you hear about the stories about people losing it all.


So I, I tell guys all the time, save your money, you know, one broken ankle and it's over. It's over. And if I'm somebody making 40, 50, 60 million, then I'm hiring somebody that knows what they're doing, but it ain't gonna be one of my friends. Okay. Right. It can't not be your friend because your friend wants to be your friend. My money guy needs to make me money. Yes. Right. And it can't be a friend of a friend of a friend. It's gotta be somebody who's done it for big time people and knows their shit. Right. Because that's, that's the other place guys get tied up. Well that's my guy. He's been with me forever. I wanna take care of him. He wants to get into finance. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. You can still, he can still be with me. He, You can be your friend.


Right. I'll take you to dinner. I'll, you know, I'll buy you, I'll, I'll pay you some money to take care of things. Right. But you can't, you know, don't invest in the restaurant. Don't invest in the clothing label. Don't invest in the liquor company. Sorry. But you know what? Or music. Right. That is the death. Right. So it's not so much now. Right. But in the early two thousands, early 2010s, everybody wanted a music label. Right. Everybody was either gonna be a rapper or they were going to, you know, have a label and sign rappers. 'cause that's what, you know, what, what was going on? And you know, one athlete's label that's done any good. No, I don't, I Don't, you know, clothing companies.


No, it's hard. It is. Right. Those businesses are hard because there's no barriers to entry. You wanna start a clothing. It is funny 'cause I get, people talk to me all the time. So I've got this brand name Right. Let's get busy LGB and you think you're gonna start a clothing line based off of LGB. Right. Or you know, I've got this one song that I'm gonna do. Right. And it's going, I was totally listen to this. Isn't this the best song you, it's not that easy As the Dallas Mavericks owner, obviously your signature player before Luca and you've had some great players at the Mavericks, what has been dirt. Yeah, of course. What has dirt meant to you and this organization?


Everything. He is the organization. He's the definition of the Dallas Mavericks. And again, not just what he did for us on the court, but who he is off the court. Dirk's that guy that's going to the hospitals without being asked. That's, you know, taking time with kids, visiting them, you know, when he has a special event and, and he's had many, he's making sure kids are coming and he's just got, you know, he, he's got that heart. People know he loves Dallas and as a result, Dallas loves him. And that's what I, that's interesting thing Mark. Because a lot of these international players, like when they're done, they go back to their respected countries. Dirk has remained, he's German, but he's Remained, he goes back and forth.


He goes back. Yeah, he does. Yeah. But you're right. He's, he's Dallas. Right. But he stays here. He lives here. Just built a house here. You know, does charity continuously you, you know, you can take, you can't take the Dallas outta Dirk now. Right. Is it true that he brought his meals on the road in aluminum fall? Some not. All right. Some. Yeah. No, I do remember that. Right. He'd get it because he wanted healthier stuff. Right, right, right. So he, I forgot all about that. So yeah. So he would get things specially made for him 'cause he wasn't gonna eat anything. 'cause you know what it's like on a team playing, there's fried chicken everywhere. Yes. You know, whatever. The players just love to eat. Right. And he was like, no, I'm no more fried food.


Wow. Why have European players really, if you look at what the last six MVPs, it's been European players. You got Yoki with two, three, you got Giannis with two, you got Joel and B with one. Why have they star, why have we seen the shift to where your playing players are starting to dominate? Yeah. The NBI mean, just in the draft name, two reasons. One, the rest of the world is bigger than us. Right. So we've got 30 330 million. Yeah. There's 8 billion people in the world. Right? So they Got sales. Yeah. So there, there's more options available. Right. Particularly now with Africa and India. And you know, I love, whenever I think India now I like that song.


Tan Toes in, you know, that what I'm talking. But anyways, I digress. But, so there's just more people and then the training methods are different. There's no equivalent of a a U And you know, kids here, like my son or whoever they're playing game after game after game, but hardly practice. Wow. You know? And over there there's two practices a day. And you might play 1, 2, 3, maybe three times a week. And so the focus is on developing skills. And no matter, you know, here even still, we kind of pigeonhole people into certain positions. Right. You're big, right. You get down on the block. Right. The biggest guys you played the the four to five. Right? Right. And so, and that's changing some, but they don't really work in all the skills or even more importantly the basketball iq.


You know, and I, and I take that back a little bit because kids now are far more skilled at the high school level. At the junior high level, you see the handles. Right. Like my son's got handles, like he's got my athleticism unfortunately for him. But my son's got handles like, Oh God, that's gonna work. Yeah. You know, I mean I used to be able to dunk but still he still got my athleticism. And so, but his handles are off the charts. Right. Right. And it's no big deal. All the guys on his team can handle. And they get that from social media but they don't get the same basketball iq. Right. They don't. So that's what I try to work on with him. Right. Head up, what's gonna happen next? Right. Anticipate where things are going and you don't see that a lot with a aau and then parents get into it too.


It's like, get my guy some minutes. Right. Or my girls some minutes. And that makes it more Different. It's not like that in the U. The European parents aren't, aren't hummingbird the helicoptering. They're not hovering over, not, Not like here. Not like here. Because I mean that's a lot of pressure on kids too, right? They're in the meal ticket and that's tough. That is really tough. Dennis Shroder crossed some flag. He said, they asked Dennis Shroder, he says, because European basketball is straight basketball iq, no entertainment, straight coaching, really, really high IQ guys who know how to play the game. Of course the US is the best league in the world, but Europeans, they're coming for short. Yep. Katie didn't take Kylie to that.


He's like, 'cause he took a picture of that when they, when they won the gold medal, you know, best iq Right. And entertainment. What was Dennis Truder trying to say? And do you understand what he was saying? Yeah, Of course. I understand. Right. So once you get past the, the top 30 players, right, IQ matters. Right. Because you've gotta be able to play with Luca, you've gotta be able to play with Kyrie. 'cause they have iq, high IQs and everything else to go with it. Right. But the guys who are, you know, fifth, sixth, seventh, and lower on the roster, you gotta have a high basketball IQ to know where you fit and know where your role is. And if all you ever learned was, you know, dribble, if you don't have an IQ right, it's gonna be harder to fit in the NBA.


Right. And so they're both, you know, Katie giving a shit was right because we have the best players, it's not even close. Right. Right. But at the, but still out of those top 20 players in the, you know, there's a reason why those guys have been MVP. And so if you have the level of skill that you need and you have that basketball IQ and it's developed And, if you flip it around, if we did the same development here for kids and you combine the athleticism and the skill with the basketball iq, there might be a half the number of European players or foreign players in the NBA. We just don't give them that basketball IQ support.


Are we are American players? Are we too reliant on athleticism? I think it depends to a certain extent, yes. There are some players that, like the kds of the world, like LeBrons of the world that are American have basketball cues off the charts. You know, they're just insane, you know, every element of the game. But kids see that and they try to replicate, you know what Anthony Edwards does? Yeah. Right. You know, doning me, I said Right. And you know, dunking dumb Xs and all that stuff. Right. And I don't see that from European kids coming in. And I think that's the difference. If you applied the same training techniques and combine that with the athleticism that we have in this country.


Wow. Yeah. It'd, it'd be a whole different league. I've never seen him play in person. But you've had a front world seat to see this guy over the last decade and that's Nico Yoic. Yeah. When you look at a guy and you, I mean just look at him from television, you're like, okay, he doesn't have the cap shoulders like Giannis. He's not freight trained like LeBron. He doesn't have the, he can't jump out the gym like a young Shaq. But bro, he just light people up. What is it about him Mark that makes him so great, so unique that he's able to dominate when he doesn't have anything about him that's physically dominate? Yeah, I mean if you just saw him in a play cup, like you would be like who, you know, who's the ch chubby dude?


Right? Oh my god. He can play. Right. But it's skill, right Skill in basketball IQ you combine being 6 11, 6, 10, 11 with basketball IQ skill. He can shoot, he can dribble, he can pass. He sees things three steps ahead. You know, him and Luca are like, you know, twins in a lot of respects. And when you have all those elements to your game, like there's always a place for a shooter, right? Yes. Always a place for a shooter in the NBA. There's always a place for somebody who can rebound. Now if you can rebound and shoot, okay, you're gonna be good. If you can rebound and shoot handle, you're gonna be really, really good. 50 million. Yeah. If you can rebound, shoot handle on your basketball IQ is top five in the NBA, you're unstoppable. Right.


In 2006 you said the situation with Dirk, it changed. He started to take the way he ate, the way he trained, the way he did every single thing was different than the previous years because he had gotten so close. He got a taste of what it was like to play in the NBA finals. You go up two oh you feeling, you feel you had to be feeling Pretty, thought this was gonna be a fun interview. It's we gonna, we gonna get you the fun stuff. So when you go up two, oh you just like, we got this. No, we, we were up two. Oh and it was the third quarter and we're in Miami and I always sit right behind the bench to this day. Right. And I'm standing up clapping and I'm thinking we're up like 14 in the quarter. Yes. And I'm thinking to myself, oh shit, we might sweep these dudes not two seconds later.


Right. Younas, Haslin steals the ball goes in for Lay, now it's 12, then couple minutes later Shaq pushes Eric Dampier pushes him and they call Val Eric Dier. I'm like, oh, if he hits these free throws, we're in trouble. Shaq hits two free throws. Right. I'm like, oh shit, we're fucked. And you know, went downhill from there, you know, and Dwayne Wade goes to the free throw line, he goes crazy 973 times. Right. True, true. So it was over. Mark, lemme ask you the, the relationship that you have is unlike, maybe only what Dr. Buzz had with magic is that you party, you hang out with the players, you've hung out with the players. Do you find, how do you, how do you manage that?


Because at the end of the day you are the owner. You do, I mean you have the, you can sign players, you can trade players, you can release players. How is that, how does that, has that ever interfered with your relationship with a player? Yeah, for sure. Like my first year we had a player named Eric Strickland who I got to be really close with. Went to Nebraska, didn't have a long NBA career, but great dude. Right. Okay. And. we got to be really good friends and it was draft night and our guys were like, you know, here's a trade we need to do. And I'm like, ah, fuck. Right. We're gonna have to trade 'em. And you know, and it was then I learned that you've gotta do what's best for the team and players. We respect that.


Right? Yeah. And players, you know, when they get traded they may not like it but they see another opportunity, hopefully the next place. But I also realize that basketball is X number of years. Life's a long, long time. Correct. Right. And like even when we screwed up and let Steve Nash go, I've gotten to be friends with Nash. Took a time, took some time. Right. He, you know, he didn't like me for a long time. Right. But you know, now we're, we're friends again. And so, you know, you just, it's okay to be friends with them. It's okay to get close to them. You just have to be honest with them. Right. And if you're honest with them, it's okay. What are your, what are your thoughts on super teams Don't really work. Isn it over. Yeah. They don't really work. And it's gonna be a lot harder now with the new CBA, you know, with the new collective bargaining agreement, you know they have this first apron and second apron thing.


Right. And, if you have three max out players, you're right there. By the time you have 15 guys, you're over the second apron And. if you stay at the second apron for you know, two years, you know you're getting your first draft pick moved to the end of the draft or you're get excuse, you can't trade it. And then the second time, second year, if you're over you, you move to the end of the draft. Right. No matter what. And there's limits on trades you can make, it's hard to build a team. And so I think it's gonna be harder and harder and harder for teams to have, you know, a big three that are all maxed out. Now what you want is like what we hope is like a, A player, well Clay comes in right?


And a Nae Marshall comes in, but we got someone we drafted like Derek Lively. Right. Who can be an all star caliber player or better, you know, it is just like the Celtics, they were able to make a lot of trades because the Jay Brown and Tatum Yeah. We're on not rookie contracts but on lower contracts as the cap went up, that's what you need to have happen. And, if you go for it and you get three max out players and it doesn't work. I mean look at the Clippers, you know, they had three amazing max out players and you know, injuries got in the way and it's gonna be really hard to, to keep together a team like That. Yeah. It's gonna be hard for the Clippers to, to keep that thing because PG is gone, gone.


Kauai can can, for whatever reason, he can't stay healthy. So It's tough. It's tough. Right. And I don't wanna talk specifically about any one team. Yeah. But you know, three max out players, particularly as those numbers go up. Yes. Right. Those numbers go up. 'cause the max out contracts, you know, as a percentage you're at 35% for a supermax of the cap And. if you got three of 'em. Right. That's 105% of the cap. Yes. Right. Depending on when you sign it. Right. Yeah. So it's not gonna stay that way because the, you know, you'll sign a guy at 35%, then a cap will go up 10%. Right. Right. So he won't stay at 35%, but it's close enough Right. Over just three guys that it's gonna be hard to keep 'em together.


LeBron, obviously, are you surprised that he's been able to play as well as he has for as long as he has to be as dur as he's been. Yeah, of course. I thought he was done five times. All the guy's a beast. But he's got that mental fortitude, right? It's like we talked about with Dirk. He's just one of those guys that he understands the assignments. You gotta take care of your body. Yes. You've gotta take care of your mind. You've gotta take care of your skills. His three point shooting's improved, like yes. You know? And so he gets credit for doing the work and you know, that's what makes him one of the greatest of all time.


I tell kids, and I tell, when I talk to athletes, I say, you have to spend more time because you're gonna spend more time off the court or off the field than you do on the field. They say for a lawyer, for every hour that you spend in the courtroom, you need to spend two, two and a half hours. Same In business prepared. Yeah, same in business. So if you're gonna spend on the court, you spend that kind of time, you need to spend time eating and taking care of your body, Especially as you get older training, right? Yes. It does not get easier. Yes. You know, it does not get, he gets hard And trust me, you're too young. Wait until it gets harder and harder. Harder. You know, that shit, it's no fun. But he gets all the credit in the world for having that discipline to be able to do it. Most guys don't. He wants to be an owner, obviously. You know, there, I think you guys are looking at maybe bringing a team to Vegas.


I think Seattle is being talked about. I don't know if there's anybody else, but I think that's, those are the two franchises. And obviously he's kinda looking at the, the one in, in, in, in Vegas. What type of owner do you think LeBron would make? I don't know. Players. It's gonna be a lot harder for a player, right? We saw Michael Jordan, right? Great guy. Had some success, but not as much as he wanted. Right? It, it's hard because players have one mindset and they look at other players in a certain way. You know, Then why you can't do that? I could do That myself. I could do, lemme show you, right? I'm Michael Jordan, I'm 55 years old, I'm gonna whoop your ass. Right? But yeah, it's, it's just a completely different perspective that's hard to disconnect yourself from and it's hard to be objective and not have your player mindset.


And so like when you've seen general managers that are former players, they're not.


The Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it's adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo. Pro Lenovo,


Great players that were, you know, that are good general managers. It's the role players that got to watch everybody else and understand how to fit these pieces together, right? And so for any superstar, it's gonna be hard Being an owner. What's a typical day for a Mark Cuban when you, when you are the full-time owner of the Mavericks, what's a typical day? What time do you wake up and what's your schedule? So it depends what part of the season it is. Okay. So during the off season is when I spend, had to do most of the work, right? Because a free agency and the draft and everything. So that's where I had to pay the most attention. And then when you get to the trade deadline, that's another time when you have to pay a lot of attention.


Otherwise I'm just screaming and yelling right there. There's, you know, as long as there's, you know, and it also depends if you're winning or losing. If, if you're winning it's easy. Everything just goes if you're losing and you don't wanna lose. 'cause there's, there's rebuilding and then there's losing. When you think you're gonna win and when you're losing, when you think you're gonna win, that's when an owner has to do with stuff, right? Because you've gotta communicate, you've gotta make decisions. What about, you know, is it the coach? Is it the players? Is it the general manager? And is it the decisions we made? Is it chemistry? Why are we not performing the way we expected this team to perform? That's when it's hard as an owner because you gotta figure it out.


I mean, I remember like it was 2008 maybe we were playing in Sacramento and no, it was later than that. But in any event, we were playing in Sacramento, And, we just were not playing hard. And I remember walking to, I've only given probably four locker room speeches, right? And I walked into the locker room and I start pointing at different guys, yo, did you get your paycheck this week? Yeah. Did you get your paycheck this week? And I went around to all of them, you get your paycheck this week. And they all said yes, the motherfucking play. Like you got your paycheck, right? Wow. Because you are doing shit. Right? And So, so, so I could imagine the, looks like And, we lost that game.


Do do owners ever, because I, I heard you say you're like, is it the coach, is it the players, is it the gm? Is it anything else to the staff? Do owners ever look at themselves like, is it me? Is it something I do? Oh, all the time. Right. Because it's my final responsibility, like we said before. And you, you're gonna make mistakes. And I've made plenty, you know, I traded early on, I traded for this one dude and literally I thought he was the Unibomber. I thought he was gonna blow shit up like for real blow shit up. And I'm like, what the hell did I do? You know? And at the beginning it was just like, okay, let's see if we can integrate 'em. Integrate. It just wasn't gonna work out. So he was just on the StairMaster all day every day.


And that was it. 'cause we couldn't trade him. He wasn't tradable, but, so you make mistakes like that and you just gotta own it. Right? You know, in the early days when I first bought, you could kind of buy your way outta mistakes and buy your way into a better team because there are a lot more old school owners now. There's you know, either super super rich people or private equity groups and they can afford to play the whole game. Back in the early days and you know, the two thousands, there were a lot of old school owners that have mom and pops. Yeah. Mom and pops that have been there 40 years. Right. And you know, you could buy a draft pick for $3 million and I'd be like, okay. You know, make a trade and take on $25 million in salary to save their ass.


Right? Okay. But you can't even do that in the CBA anymore. And now they have a lot more money. So they don't like, they're like, okay, I'll buy that pic. Get the fuck outta here. Mark, you made a decision that you sold the majority share of the Mavericks and I know what the Mavericks of all the companies, I think the Mavericks are your baby. I think they, they've meant the most and to You. Yeah. That's the only one I've ever been for 24 years. Right, Right. How difficult, how, how did you come to that dec decision and was that a dec difficult decision? Because I'm sure you thought long and hard like, I'm gonna do it. No I'm not. Yeah, I'm gonna do it. No I'm not. I mean, it had more to do. Well there was two reasons. Only two reasons, right?


One 'cause of my family. Okay. Right. You know, I'm at that age now, I'm not gonna be around for 30 years. Right. And so are my kids, you know, my kids now are 15, 18, and 21. Are they gonna wanna run this? And what if they decide not to and then what do I do? Right? And, and so that was the biggest thing and, and you know, what sports are like too was also, I don't want to just automatically put pressure on them. It's great when you're winning, right? Everybody wants to run a team when you're winning. Correct. But when the shit's hitting the fan and you suck and you know what social media's like and kids are on social media all the time. I don't want, didn't wanna put my kids in the position where they're like you, you know? And they have to deal with that stuff while they're just developing as adults. So that was one. And number two, to compete in the NBA now is expensive.


Not all teams make money. It's not like the NFL. And in order to have the money to be able to do whatever you need, luxury tax, whatever it may be, it's not just about technology or tickets or TV anymore. Like technology, okay, I got that down right. TV, media, I got that shit down to streaming, got that shit down. But now you gotta build real estate. I don't know shit about real estate. Wow. And never was, it never did. And so when I had a chance to work with Patrick Dumont starting years ago, we would talk all the time about bringing, you know, resort based casino gaming to to Dallas or to Texas and you know, he would talk about what it takes to build a casino and to build a new arena that fit in there. And I'm like, I don't know anything about this.


And so if the Mavs were going to compete, I was gonna have to learn all that stuff. And honestly I don't wanna learn it. And if that was, if it was gonna take 2 billion in cash to make all that work, Steve Bomber's got that. I don't have that $2 billion. Right. I do now. Which I'm happy about. But, But now you don't wanna build, now you don't wanna build that. Well No, I just didn't know. Right. It'd be one thing, I could have borrowed it and all that stuff, but I would've had to learn it or I would've had to just trust somebody. And that's just not my style. That's a lot of money to trust. That's, That's a lot of money to trust and a lot on the line. And so now I've got a great partner who will know going to improve the arena we have today. We'll build something new. We'll be able to make a destination that Dallas will be proud of.


And he knows things he's forgotten more about building than I've ever known. And so it makes a great partner, which puts the Mavs in a much better position to compete. Right. What are your thoughts on gambling? Do you think you're gonna be able to do have gambling here in Texas? I do. I don't know when, but I do. Because I mean, you guys live outside of Texas. Yes. What is it that you save up and get excited to come to Texas on a vacation to do, have you ever thought about coming to Texas on a vacation? No. You know, anybody who does, I guess college kids go to what? South Padre or something is that Yeah, For spring break. Yeah. For that's, that's It. You know, maybe you go to Austin to sixth Street or you know, Austin City limits south by Southwest. Yeah. You know, but it's not really like a vacation. You don't think of it as a vacation destination anywhere in Texas.


And so let me change that question. If we put a Bellagio or a Venetian in downtown Dallas Yeah. They come, people want to gamble. Yeah. And not just gamble. Right. You like, you go to Vegas now you spa you, you got, you know, you have Ce Dion, right? You have the shows, right. You got all that stuff and you become a a, you know, being in the center of the country, if you put a Venetian right in the middle of Dallas, we're gonna all of a sudden become a top three tourist destination in this country. And so that's why I think it'll pass. I read a report and lemme let you think about this, is that America was spending more on sports betting than they are in investing. Are you surprised by that?


I think it depends on the age of the person. 'cause I read something similar, right? And so if you're real young, you're, you're betting, but you're not betting a lot. Right. Or you're buying crypto Dogecoin to the moon baby. You know? But, you know, it's hard, it's hard for kids to save money. Right? And so, you know how kids are, right? You, you know, you're a 22-year-old dude or woman for that matter in college, right. And I know sports, I know sports, you know, and so you play and, and you're probably gonna lose. But it's fun, right? It's, it's just entertainment, money, kinda like crypto is. But yeah, I, I just think if when you get to people who are in their thirties, forties, and fifties, I don't think, you know, the numbers I've seen are that they're not, unless you have a real problem, they're not overspending.


Right. When you sold the company, mark, you gave your employees, it was reported $35 million. You gave them bonuses. Why did you feel the need to do that? You know? And it ended up being a lot more actually. But I'm not there without them. And I did it my first two companies, I did it with Micro Solutions. You know, we had 80 employees, they all got paid. I did it with broadcast.com. Out of 330 employees, 300 became millionaires. And I wanted to do the same thing with the Mavs. You know, they, they were there for me the whole time. And, you know, it was enough money that for those who were there, you know, 20 years or more, it was life-changing money, You think?


Yeah. So when you started the first streaming platform, you are like, okay, I can foreshadow, I can think this is heading in this direction. You say you and your partner, you bought a computer, you and your partner, you guys sit down and you start coding. How long before you, before it started becoming profitable? Because that's, that's the hardest. I mean, it's, if if it's profitable right away, You, it took us four years to get the break even. Okay. So we had gone public, it was the number one IPO in the history of the stock market in 1998. And. we sold it in June of 2020 I think it was. And that second quarter we were right around cashflow break, break even. But we were only in business for four years.


And so you mean 2000? 2000, right? Yeah. And so we were only in business for four years. So that wasn't horrible for a tech business like that. Right. Did you ever, I mean, YouTube, Netflix, I remember this had to be 1999, 2000. I went to a nail. I went to a nail shop and the lady was telling me about how she get movies from Netflix. I said, so tell me about it. She said, what you do is that, you know, you tell 'em what you want and they'll send it the DDVD right to your door. You watch 'em when you want to and you put 'em back in the thing and send 'em back. I was like, I said, well, what about Blockbuster? She's like, nah, I think Blockbuster's gonna go away. I was like, I don't know about that.


She Was right. She was right. I'm like, I'm thinking to myself, had I just taken like 10, $15,000 And put in to Netflix, boom. No kidding. Did You know that it would blow, that there would be a net because you were new YouTube and Netflix before they were even? Yeah, For sure. I mean, that's why I was so upset with Yahoo. Like, they had a huge opportunity. I mean, they were YouTube before YouTube when they bought us. And you know, when the internet stock bubble burst, their board of directors just say, pull everything back. Right. Instead of sticking with it. And, you know, Reed Hastings and the folks at Netflix, they were like not pulling back. Right. They, they were going for it and then YouTube shows up and they couldn't even afford to stay in business. But then Google buys them and that just changed everything.


Yeah. Because they, because at first YouTube was what streaming platform? Now they're more like ads. I mean, Yeah, I mean it was like 2006 they started and it was just like little short videos and stupid videos and stuff. But, you know, credit to them, they, they got Google to partner and Google did it. Right. So it, so when, when a company comes in and they says, okay, we're gonna buy you. Is that all cash? Is that cash plus stocks? In our case? Well, it depends on the company, right. But in our case with broadcast.com, it was all stock. And so in my mind I was like, oh shit, right? What if this all the stock market crashed? So I went, once I was legally able to, I did something called a collar. So I sold the right to somebody to buy the stock at a higher price that's selling calls.


And then I used that money to buy puts, which protected me in case the stock price cratered. Well, the stock price did crater and those puts became worth even more money than I would've got in from the stock. And they called it one of the top 10 trades in Wall Street history. So That's how they called it the, yeah. So what was that, that number one e-Commerce purchase. What did you purchase? I bought, bought a jet online. G It had to be a Gulf Stream. Yeah. GG five. Yeah. So I just gotten paid and I was like, time is like my number one thing. I want a jet, right? I want a jet. And so I'm like, well I'm, I'm an internet guy, I'm gonna practice what I preach. So I got a contacted Gulfstream, I emailed them and I said, okay, can I get a a test flight?


They set up a test flight. I'm like, okay, I like this hard to, you know, figure out I liked it. Right, right. What's the price? Told me the price was $40 million. I texted him a deal. Right. Send me the paperwork. Email me the paperwork. Right. Emailed it to me. I did a wire transfer, did the whole thing online. Did. So the jet was already, 'cause you can build your own jet, but you didn't have No, you can't build your own. You can't build your Own. No. Hell no. Would you want, Hey, hey Shannon, come on to my jet that I built. Would you go on that jet? No, what I'm saying, like, you could Decide these Oh no, the features and everything Not build hell. Now I I ain't Or wheel right. I dunno. Nothing about fly. No. Right. Yeah. So I, that's what I did. So I asked for, you know, where's the, where's the kitchen in and how many seats, what's the layout and all that.


And the test flight that they gave me matched that. Okay. Tell us about, was it American Airlines? You brought two, the lifetime pass, the lifetime passes. You bought two lifetime passes where you could fly first class Anywhere. Anywhere in the world. Yeah. Whenever you wanted. Right. So it was just one, it was a little card I got. Right. But I could take anybody with me. Okay. Right. And so this is after I sold my first company, micro Solutions. I was 29, I think 30. And you know, just sold this company, walked away with a few million dollars and I was like, my buddies and I going out just got destroyed. We went to all one of these old school steakhouse, they don't really have anymore. But where you could ask for a phone and plug it into a jack in the wall there. Right at your table. Yes. And I'm like, you know what?


They're like, what do you want? You know, what do you think you're gonna do with all this money? And I'm like, I don't care about cars or houses, but boy, you know, I fly a lot for work. If I could get this lifetime pass, I wonder if such a thing exists. So I'm like, like I even knew because I had memorized, 'cause I traveled like 1 800, 4, 3, 3 6 4, 6 4, the American, I think that's still the number right? Is it? Does that sound right? But anyways, we'll confirm. Yeah. Whatever. So I called 'em up, just slurring my words. Do you guys sell lifetime passes? They're like, let me connect you to the Air Pass department. I'm like, what? Bam. Right. And so I got all that information, hung over as hell and I've signed up and it was, initially it was $125,000.


And then I upgraded it. I think, I forget how much I paid, but it gave me almost unlimited miles for me and somebody else for the rest of my life. Wow. Yeah. So where, where's the past at now? I Gave I, my, my dad's passed away. I gave it to him and then I gave it to a friend as a gift. So you it was transferable Just one time? Just one time. Yeah. Okay. And, but because my dad died, they let me do it. 'cause I, he didn't use it a lot and I didn't use it a lot. So they let me transfer It. I don't think they do that anymore. No, they don't. They don't. They Don't. Can you put somebody the way people find, but What a deal, right? I mean, lemme just tell you like $125,000 and I'm thinking, okay, doing the math, that's 12 cents a mile. I can deal with that. Right? And like, I'd be out in LA or wherever.


Dallas, I'm like you on a road trip. Let's, let's call American Airlines and see if they got any flights tonight. Let's go to Vegas. What's your name again? Doesn't matter. Let's go to Vegas. Boy, you lived a life. Yes, I did. That was what, the early nineties, man, that was a different time. What type of investor is Mark? Cuban Now? Just really conservative. You know, I, I like investing in small companies, startups where I can help entrepreneurs. 'cause I like to do that. That's what I, I do on Shark Tank. But with interest rates at five plus percent, why take risk? Right? Right. So it's easier to do that either through tax freeze or treasuries or whatever.


But I still like to invest in startups. Right. Man, you on Shark Tank, y'all be taking them people, man, y'all, how y'all gonna take half the company that don't work like five, 10 years trying to build this up and y'all come in and taking 27%, they offered you five. Could you go to 10? Why you taking 30? Damn? Well, It depends on the size of the company, right. Because I'm giving 'em a lot of money. 'cause if they didn't need the money, they wouldn't be there. They wouldn't be there. You are absolutely correct. And so they're not there because, you know, maybe they're there 'cause of the commercial, but they're there 'cause they need help. Right. And so, you know, it's been a lot of fun. I've invested in hundreds of companies there over the 15 years. Some have done really well. Beatbox beverages. You may have heard of dude wipes.


You probably have heard, heard of. There's just a bunch of 'em that are just destroyed, just killed it. And some of 'em didn't do as good. Right. And so you've gotta you've gotta understand that, you know, 25% are gonna go belly up. Right. For whatever reason. 45. Now let's say 60% are gonna be okay, right? And 15% are gonna kill it. And I gotta make sure those 15% I really get paid on to cover all the other ones. Didn't. The ring didn't, didn't ring, ring Came, came on, but, but I didn't like that deal anyways. Right. Because Ring had to, they sold for a billion dollars, but they had to raise like 500 million to get there. You know, it obviously it was a good product and it paid out.


But my, I have a rule, right? If you have to raise hundreds of millions of dollars to do tens of millions in sales, it ain't gonna work for me. Right. Right. Now, if you're able to sell and get an exit, more power to you. And, and he was able to, so he deserves all the credit. Have you gotten upset when a shark stole one of your deals? No one steals my shit. You haven watched a show up? They come on there and say, mark, I want deal. Yeah, For sure. Right. You haven't watched a show. If you think anybody got one of mine, no. Hell no. But I'm, I'm other than the, the Mavericks, obviously that was a big investment.


But you own stock, you own Netflix. Amazon I did for a while. Yeah. When they were turning around, right. When people didn't understand what they were doing. I, I made a lot of money. I bought calls, which, you know, the right to buy the share at a higher price. And I bought a lot of them. A lot of them. And they went up 10 times what I put up. So I was a happy camper. So the, but when they say it takes money to make money because you've been in the situation because you've created these companies and been able to have money. So when these lesser, when these, like you say you like to invest in startups, you are able to make a kill it. Yeah. I mean, look, in order to be a billionaire, you have to be lucky as fuck.


Okay. There's no way around it. Okay. Right. I don't care how smart I think I am or Bill Gates or Steve Ballmer Buffet or Buffet or Elon Musk. It takes luck. Right. You know, you've got to, if I started doing things five years earlier Right. And coming outta college and the internet wasn't happening. Yeah. You know? Right. You know, it's just when we started cost play and when we started broadcast.com, that was right at the right time and no one had done streaming and the, and the internet stock market was just blowing up. Right.


Okay. That's how you become a billionaire. And that, you know, I worked my ass off. I was smart, I did shit other people were afraid to do. But if the internet stock market hasn't, hadn't been the sane, I'd be just some guy, you know, just chilling, you know, with a nice house and you'd have no idea who I was. Right. But it ha it, but you have to take some risk. 'cause I remember when Google came out and they thought the, the pa the the shares were gonna open up about $85 a share. And I remember sending to my financial guys and I was like, oh, you know what? I had just signed with the Ravens. So I had some, some money. And I was like, man, I'd like to buy, you know, $300,000 worth. Well, it opens up at one 15 and he says it's overpriced. And so you know it's gonna come back. Right. They don't have the profit. Yeah.


Hey, I've done that. I know. You're not the first one to say it's like Nvidia. It's like Nvidia right now. Right. I like, I told my son, my son wanted to invest in it and he bought some, and I'm like, you know, I'd rather see it come down first. And my son's like, ah, got you. Who's the expert now? Right. Think about it. And how many times has Google split? Oh, I mean, you know, it's worth over $3 trillion. Yes. $3 trillion. Trillions. Trillions. I mean, not billions. That's a thousand billions of trillion dollars. Yes. So the, my investment I might have, I I'd have been a billionaire with You. Right? You fucked up. I did. Yeah.


I did. I fucked up bad because Netflix and Google and I had the money to do it, but I let somebody talk me out of it. But, and it, but he, he, But then there's 25 others ones that Right. That you thought you should go in and talk you out That lost your butt and say, so it evens out. Yeah. When pe when you were so benevolent, when people try to take advantage of you, I read that you had an employee that steal from you when you've been as generous as you have over your, the course of your career. How did, does that make you sour on people? No. No, because people steal, what am I gonna do? Right? Yeah. Steal from somebody else. Don't steal from me. Ro You know what, it's a good problem to have.


Right? That means you got it, huh? I can afford it. Right. Like my first company, micro Solutions though, there was a lady, Renee Hardy, R-E-N-E-E-H-A-R-D-Y. Right. We, she was our receptionist. Okay. And her job, she had one job. Right? One job. Take our payables for our vendors, put it in an envelope, lick the envelope, take it to the post office. Right? Yeah. We had $84,000 in a


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes occasions than even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it's adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy dessert. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo.


Lenovo Bank, I'll never forget, get a call from the bank. Sir. This woman just came through the drive through and the checks were whited out. The payee was whited out. Remember white out was Yes, yes, yes. And she wrote her name in it. And I'm like, what? I'm like, you didn't cash 'em, did you? Of course we did. We're a bank, sir. She took 82 of the $84,000 that we had. We were flat broke and the 82,000 was supposed to go to vendors. Right. So now we had to call the vendors, say, please work with us, we'll bust our ass. We'll make sure you get paid. And they did. They worked with us. Right. And the rest is history. But she could have just boom. Done then I was mad. That's why I always say, Renee Hardy.


Did you, did you press charges? We couldn't find her. That's been years and no one's found her since. And now I get emails from people, right. That are like, I heard about this name Renee Hardy, you know, and so-and-so's name. It's just random names. Right. The same names and like, no, no one's ever found her. She's probably changed her name or whatever. Mark, when you accumulate the, the amount of wealth that you have, how has your inner circle changed? It hasn't. It hasn't at all. Like my guys from, you know, grade school, high school that I grew up with, we just did a Zoom, we do every two weeks. They come out to Mavs games. I go, go see them. They're still my buddies. My college buddies, you know, Ben and Tim, you know, are still my best friends.


I played rugby in college and after my rugby teammates are still my best buddies. When I came to Dallas, I slept, you know, five guys, six guys in a three bedroom apartment, and you know, Shippy and Sue's and Ron Eid and you know, Fred Turner and all these guys. They're all still my, my great friends. At the end of the day at heart, you a college frat guy. Oh, for sure. Right. You know, It's, you got six guys. And, we in the bedroom, we just hanging out And, we go out direct beer. Didn't Matter. Right. You know, live like, like I bought a book when I was in college. It was called How to Retire by the Age of 35. Okay. And basically what it says is live like a student so you can save all your money. Right. And then if you do that, you know, and you, you know, even if you're investing in like, just treasuries, whatever that pay three, four, 5%.


Okay. You know, you get, you know, a million dollars and you make 5% on that, that's 50 grand. If you're living like a student, you turn that into 2 million, et cetera, et cetera. And that was my goal. Right. And so moving down to Dallas and living, you know, sleeping on the floor the whole time, you know, going out and, and literally buying one beer and eating all the fried mushrooms and shit. I was cool with that. I was having a blast. It was no problem at all. What was your fa because I, I think the thing is is it is easier said than done because a lot of times I'm just speak to me. I don't wanna speak to anybody else but to speak to me. We didn't have anything growing up and I've always wanted to make sure that I could take care of my family, but I wanted some things that I couldn't get when I was growing up. Yeah. For sure. I wanted to be able to go to a restaurant if I wanted something nice.


Be able to go, if I saw something, you know, clothes as far as clothes, maybe a watch. I wanna be able to get it. Your mom and dad, were you like middle class? Yeah, my dad did upholstery and cars. So, or c So if you, if this had a rip in it, you take it to where my dad worked and he'd sew it up. Right. My mom did odd jobs. You know, my dad never made more than $40,000 a year in his life. That was good money though. You do realize who your No, I know. I'm not complaining. Yeah. I'm not complaining. Right. Yeah. I'm not complaining. Right. But still, you know, and that's, you know, he wouldn't retire. Right. Like, even after I started making money, he wouldn't retire. Really? No. No. He, he had to work. Right. He that's, you know, and that's his thing. He's, that's just the, yeah. And like he had to be able to pull out that credit card if we all went to dinner and pay for it.


'cause if I paid for it, that was an insult. Wow. I read you had your hips replaced. Yeah, Both of them. I had both of mine replaced A lot better, isn't it? Boy, it's a new lease on life. I'm telling you. You wake up and it's just like, oh, I mean, that I'm living. 'cause back I was surviving it, that the pain, there's like, on a scale of one to 10, what's the pain? 10, what do you think I'm in here for? Right? Because you like, you'd, you'd be in bed, right? You'd be trying to sleep and they would lock up and you'd have to do like a pushup and like drop. I would've to do a drop just to get them to unlock so I can walk. And like, I remember I wa I got one done at 49 and then the other one done like five years later.


And I remember walking through the, the hall of the arena and one of our guys like, dude, you walk like an 80-year-old man. And I'm like, okay, it's time. It's time. You know, my, my legs wouldn't go that wide. It was just Like, it's it, I mean, how you have to get outta bed, you gotta roll And get up outta bed And everything. It, it was, it's, but I mean, and the doc the doctor told me, he said, you gonna have a new lease on life? I'm like, yeah, you, everybody, every doctor says that after surgery. But boy, whew Changed everything. It, it absolutely changed everything. This new company, tell us about the new drug company. Cost plus drugs is helping me. How long y'all help me and buy Viagra and CIS for a cheaper price? Are You buying from us?


Nah, I do that roast, I'm on Romans. Them roast sparks. No, fuck that. Right? Nah, Hell nah. Don't fuck that. Nah, nah, Lemme just, nah, nah, lemme just tell you, lemme just tell you, you can buy 90 generic Cialis or generic Viagra for less than you pay for a bag of m and ms from cost plus drugs.com. Oh wow. But the ones I got, they, they knocked five sparks. That's the name. Sparks got that red spark on it. The red pill. Take the red pill. Let me just tell you. Right. If you get like the 20 milligrams, you won't let anybody walk with it. Nevermind. But you go to cost plus drugs.com. And so actually got a cold email from a doctor named Dr.


Alex Mki. And our office is right across the street there. And he goes, I wanna start this pharmacy, that manufacture compounding pharmacy that manufactures drugs that are on a shortage list. Right? Yeah. So that people can't get 'em. I wanna make 'em so they can get access to their medications. And I'm like, that's great, but what more can we do? And so we started talking, and this was right about the time the farmer bro was going to jail. And I'm like, if this dude can like buy one drug daraprim and just jack up the price, then there's something wrong with this business. Right? Let me, let me look into it. And it was really obvious really quickly that what was missing is transparency. Nobody trusts the price of healthcare. No one trusts healthcare at all. Right? Yeah. Particularly Medica medications, right? So if you get a prescription for something, the first question they ask isn't, you know, can you afford it?


It's like, where's your pharmacy? Right? And then you, you know, we've all heard stories of people waiting in line, don't know what it's gonna cost and can't afford it. Right. Lose their insurance, whatever. So we started this company called cost plus drugs.com. Cost plus drugs.com. And so when you go to cost plus drugs.com, and not that you need it, but like if you put in Cialis with fil, which is generic Cialis, and you need 90 of them, we'll show you our cost, right? Whatever we pay for it, we mark it up 15%, we add our shipping and handling on it. And then when you add it all together, in this case, less than a, a bag of m and ms. Right. But it's gonna be cheaper than anywhere else. Oh yeah. For sure. And and so what else is cool about it though is there are a lot, there were a lot of companies before us that these things called pharmacy benefit managers, we don't need to get into it, that just jack up the price of certain drugs because they're, they're not used all that much.


Supply and demand. Yeah. Supply and demand. And so like, I had a friend who was in his car wreck and he lost his insurance and they were going to, there's this drug called Drop a Doza. Drop a Doza. And they were like saying they were gonna charge him $30,000 every three months. And he's like, I can't afford that. Can you do so Hell no. Not very many people can, You can't afford that. I'm like, let me check. So I check into it, and this was two years ago and I'm like, okay Landon, I can get it to you for $64 a month. There's these other drugs for muscular dis multiple sclerosis rather. And we're seeing our price be $21, $22. Other people are charging $2,000 other drugs, you know, imatinib, which is for chemotherapy.


Anywhere from 200 to $2,000 depending on the strength. Our price is like 23 to $24. And so when someone comes to the site, you know, you've got this disease and we're the only way you can afford your medication. Not only are you buying from us, but you're telling everybody, you're telling your doctor. And so we, you know, we launched January 19th, 2022. So here we are, two and a half years later, millions of customers just changing people's lives. I get emails and texts and social media almost every day saying, oh my God, you saved my life. So if right now we're almost, we have like 2,500 generics, 74 different brands, and we're adding more and more brands. But if you want see if you can reduce the price of your medications, go to cost plus drugs.com. What made you decide to do that?


The healthcare industry is fucked up. I mean, what could be, you know, I've done a lot with you ripping people off, huh? Yeah. I mean, what could be a better legacy? What could be a better way, you know, to really be successful in business than fucking up the healthcare business. To me that was everything, right? If to come in and we've only been in two and a half years And. we literally are changing the whole industry. And so I'm proud of that. I mean, it's exciting and it's fun. And we're just getting started. What are your thoughts on Ozempic? It seems that that's the new Yeah, the whole thing. Hollywood, I mean, I'm not a doctor, but whether it's Tirzepatide, which is Z bound from Lilly or Ozempic, which is from Nova North. Right? By the way, Lilly, just so there's two ways you can get the diet drugs, right?


The GLP ones is what they call 'em. And there's two ways to get 'em. You can get 'em with the pens, right? Or you can get 'em with a vial, right? And, if you get 'em with the vial, they just started selling 'em with the vial this week. Instead of it being $1,300 a month, it'll be four or $500 a month. And so the prices are starting to come down. And if they live up to the billing, again, I'm not a doctor, I'm not the scientist, but if they live up to the billing, it's gonna change a lot. Yeah. People crave foods and if the thing ever got done under a hundred bucks a month, fucking everybody's gonna take it. Yeah. Right. And it's gonna, you know, you talk about investing, right? Are people going to eat less food? Yeah. They're gonna eat less food. Are people gonna be healthier and need less healthcare? Yeah, they're gonna need less healthcare. You know, are they gonna be fewer heart attacks, et cetera, et cetera.


They're gonna be all skinny though, mark. Everybody's, you know, I mean, don't we don't, we want people of different size and different bodies. You Don't have to. And not everybody responds the same way. You don't, and you don't have to take it. Right. You don't have to take it But you, so I guess if you take it, you try to get skinny, huh? I mean, yeah, but you don't have to. Right? Right. I mean, there's studies that say, you know, you see athletes, right? Some of these dudes, 6, 8, 350 pounds that are just insane shape and great athletes, right? Everybody's their own thing. The Illuminati. We, I've had people on here and they talk about the Illuminati. Do you believe in it? Fuck No. Literally. People come on and think it's real. Yeah. Okay. So like, what are the other ones?


There's the Illuminati and who are the other ones that are like that? There's like other secret groups, right? Yes, yes, yes. Secret societies, right? I'm like, I'm rich as fuck, I'm Jewish. Nobody asked me to join any of them secret societies. Right, right. Nobody, I'm like, hello, can I at least get an invite to a cocktail party? Nobody. Nobody. I'm like, okay, maybe it's me. They figured that you going, you going, you gonna blow the lid on the thing? No. If it's cool. I mean, I've been to many parties, I haven't said shit. Right. Social media, what are your thoughts on social media? I mean, Good, bad, good and bad. Right?


It's not so good for kids anymore. It's not good when it comes to politics and medical information. There's a ton of misinformation. But I mean, when it's social, it can be great. But social media isn't social anymore. Right. You know, maybe some on Instagram, maybe some on TikTok. But even there, right? You post something you think is no big deal and people are killing you. Right. They're giving you shit about everything just because they can. And there's just no way around that. And even worse, right? The way the algorithms work now, everybody's social media feed is different. Yes. You know, yours is different than mine. Than different than each one of the folks here. Everybody's different. And so the way things are sold has changed.


The way people consume information has changed. We have an election coming up, right. And everybody gets their own feed and nobody knows what's real information. And everybody now thinks that things in like 15, 32nd sound bites. Anyways. Delonte West, he's fallen on some hard times. And you've done several times. You've reached out and tried to help. How hard is to see someone that that played for you struggle with brutal mental health illness? Brutal. Right? Because I thought we had him, I thought we had him turned around. You know, we sent him down to Jason's place down in Florida and it's like a farm, Jason Williams. And you know, he's like, he's making progress, sending pictures.


Dante's emailing me and I'm like, oh yeah, we're getting this. Then Dante throws his shit over the fence disappears. We bring him back again. Making progress. This is it. Same shit. Only so much you can do. Wow. Yeah, It's hard. What can people learn from that story? Mental health. Mental illness is real. It is real. And you just don't wish it away. You don't just rehab it away. You know, I've got other friends, you know, Tanya, these other people that I support and help you just, you want them to get help, but some things you can't help on everything. Right. You weren't the shareholder in Twitter before.


No, I was. I wasn't. You wasn't. I wasn't. Yeah, I wasn't. So what's your, what's your back and forth with, with Elon? Yeah. Oh man. I just love the fuck with him. Right? It's like nobody likes to fuck with him. Right? Right. So I'm like, yeah, Because he'll turn your Twitter off, right? Yeah. Right. I mean, he's got really thin skin and so it just makes it easy. It is. Like he sets himself up, right? When, when you think when it's your place and it's your business, it's like a club, right? Yeah. Come on in, have a drink and every, you just assume everybody's just gonna really, you know, say yes to you. Right? Right. Nobody ever says that dinner sucked. Right. I just, it's just fun. And I, I don't have anything personal against him and I never initiate it.


Right. The only time I ever come go back at Elon is when he tries to fuck with me. So like, he's called me a racist, he's called me a fool, he's calling me all these different names. So he's always calling me names and I don't care. But if you're gonna call me a name, I'm just gonna fuck with you. Right. Because it's because you're Elon. If it's just some random, what's the point? How important is this election in 2024? Everything To me. I mean, look, if you don't think Donald Trump is a threat, you don't think this is the most important election? I do. I just don't. I've known him for 25 years. I don't trust him. Right. I don't think he's moral, I don't think he's ethical. I've seen him rip people off. I don't, I don't believe pretty much anything he says. And so, to me, you know, I've been trying to support Kamala.


What are your thoughts on DEI? On D-E-I-I-I like it. I think it's good for business. Right. Right. You know, I think a lot of people try to misrepresent what it is. But to me diversity means, you know, good business. Go look for people where other people aren't looking. Right. Not all companies recruited HBCUs. Correct. Not all companies recruit you in different schools where there's a large Indian population or where there's a large L-G-B-T-Q populations. And so, you know, I want like any other business element, I wanna look where other people aren't. 'cause that's where you find smart people. And then once you find those smart people that they gotta be qualified.


You're not hiring 'em if they're not qualified. Right. But just some people think like, okay, I hired someone who's black or LGBQ or Hispanic. Well they must not be qualified. No, you're not gonna hire 'em unless they're qualified. Right? Correct. So D-D-D-E-I doesn't mean hiring less qualified people. It just means finding people that, that are more diverse. Yeah. Well just, they happen to be diverse. Right. You're looking at other people. Yes. Right. Because you can be as diverse as you want. You can be L-G-B-T-Q, trans Black and Hispanic, but if you're not qualified, they're not qualified, you're not getting hired. Right. Correct. That doesn't do you any good. Right. Right. But I want to go where other people aren't looking. And then once you hire 'em, the E is equity. Right. It means I'm gonna put you in a position to succeed. I hired your ass. Right. Of course.


I'm gonna try to put you in a position. Yeah. Yeah. And then the I what we're talking about is just, I'm gonna let you be you. Right. And so being inclusive means if you're L-G-B-T-Q, if you're trans, I don't give a fuck. As long as you're good. Right. You can do the job. I don't. Yeah. I don't care. Right. You can be a lumberjack, I I don't care. Right. You can walk around singing a lumberjack song. I don't care. Right. But you know, I'm gonna make sure people in the workplace, in the organization respect that. Yes. Right. If, if you know you're a boy and you want to call yourself Sue, I don't care. Right. People are gonna call you Sue. And some people they use it as an excuse if they don't get a job. Right. Right.


Oh, it must be DEI. But no, I mean, I didn't think you were qualified for the Position. Either you're qualified or you're not. Right. And once you get there, just because you were hired and you're diverse doesn't mean you're getting a promotion. Right. Doesn't mean you're getting the next job. And to me, that's what DEI is and that's why I've been a big supporter. I wanna get you outta here on this one. Mark. How hard, because you got married. Married after you had already had some Some paper. Yeah. Major paper. How were you able to tell that, you know what, she loves me for being Marcus? Or do we ever, do you really know? Yeah, of course. You know, I mean, she'll let you hit you with the Dutch oven.


No, I made her, I made her go to wa to, oh my God. I'm facing now. What the fuck? The little burgers White castles. Right, right. What I made her go to White. That was the test before we got married. And so I'm going, we're going to white castles. 'cause I went to school in Indiana. White castles were everywhere. Right? Yes. And so I was like, we're going to White Castles, And. if you really love me, you'll eat a White Castle burger. She did. Wow. Give me three things that you tell your kids, because obviously you, you want your kids to, to be productive citizens. Sure. You don't want to hand them everything. Sure. So what are some of the advice that you give your kids? Because obviously they know who you are. Yeah. They know what they, what you have.


So what they have. So number one is when your friends get drunk, nobody cares. Right? When you get drunk, because you're my kid, you're on the front page of the paper and you're all over social media. So always pay attention to where you're at and what you're doing and be respectful. Right? Number two, you've got, you've gotta set your own path. You know, you, you've got to understand that as you get older, you're gonna want to define your own future. So you're gonna have to do the work. Like, I literally just wrote my son a note to, to that effect. And then just generally, right? And I say this to all kids and all people, right.


To be successful, you have to be curious because the world's always changing. You have to be agile because the world's always changing. And then I I, I also have a couple really stupid sayings, right? And you ask for three, but I'm gonna go further. Number one is how you do anything is how you do everything, right? It applies to sports, and I think it applies to life. Right? And I'll leave it at that one because that, that's probably the most important because most people, they'll cut every corner that they can. Right. And I don't want them to cut corners because, you know, they don't have to worry about money. Is it true that you don't have a shelf, a maid, a butler? I don't have, we have a maid, right. So when I travel, you know, I've got different places, I don't have anything there. Right, right.


So I'll do my own laundry, I'll make my own food. Really? Yeah. So it's like I have a little shit hole in, in Manhattan Beach in la Right. 'cause it's close to the ocean and I hang. So yeah. I'll get my own food there. If I'm in New York. We have an apartment there. I'll do my own thing there. Yeah. But we do Stood up for us, mark. Yeah. But I do in Dallas. Right. We have somebody who cooks my food. 'cause I try to eat healthy and my wife makes it for everybody else, but she cooks her own food. But we do have, we do have people to clean the house. It's 22,000 square feet. We ain't cleaning that shit. Right. Last question number, get you out on this. Anthony Edwards and Magic Johnson. Ant Man said, I saw that basically Michael Jordan was really the only skilled guy back then. Yeah. So it was easy.


Long story short, magic said, look, I ain't taking down, listen, nobody ain't want no title. No. Got no titles Right. No level. I ain't good For magic. Right. Good for magic. So what, what, what are your thoughts on that? Because you know, magic, I know magic. 25 years, you probably know him a little better than I do. Yeah. Probably. But I've never heard magic go, Go back at somebody like that. No, he's always super Sweet. Yeah. There's magic. Yeah. Right. You know, that was Irving. Right? Right. That was Irving. Right. And it's not like anybody else has brought the sky hook to the game either. Right. You know, with Kareem. And so look a, you know, and that's his vibe, right? He's, he's gonna talk, he's gonna talk shit. He's gonna stir things up. So I respect that. I mean, he's been great for the NBA because he's just got a great energy to him. Right.


And he's, he's a social media kid, right. He grew up with that. So that's the way it works. But yeah, magic was right. And going back at him, I'm glad he did. Mark. Cuban, ladies and gentlemen, This is great. Great job, bill. I really enjoyed it. Appreciate you, bro. I Really enjoyed it. Appreciate that. Awesome. That was a lot of fun All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Want, slice, got the bro, the d the all my life. I grinding all my life. All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice.


What's good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear Buds to have good sound on, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out bows.com. Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture-wicking joa wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slobber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need.


Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com. Riding a Sea-Doo has a different meaning for each of us, and the possibilities are endless. So if you wanna explore new fishing spots, spend time with the fam, reconnect with nature. Break from your nine to five, or just experience the thrill of the open waves. They've got a full range of personal watercrafts and pontoons for you. Explore the new 2025 Sea-Doo models and find what you've been searching for SeaDoo, find your water. Visit see dew.com. Or find a dealer near you.