
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic Bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes.


At home.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today. And unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Jim Carey played your brother, the oldest brother Keenan. I think the greatest compliment that anybody can pay. Yeah. He said I wouldn't be successful without your brother. Yeah. I wouldn't be successful without my brother either. I think a lot of us wouldn't be successful without my brother. I think my, my brother, well, it's different for me. I was nurtured, so I still think because I had their guidance Right. And their nurturing, I was gonna make it regardless. Right. Believe me, You had been around them enough, he and Damon and been in that family enough. Yeah. You was gonna go out there, you was gonna carve your own way. Yeah. But Jim needed this opportunity in living color.


When you are watching And you credit not just Keenan, you gotta credit Damon. Damon. Okay. Because Damon did Earth Girls are easy with Jim Carrey and they were friends. Okay. And Damon was like, yo, Keenan Damon was Keenan's right hand man. Okay. That's his lieutenant on living color. Okay. That that was his right hand man. Okay. Okay. Damon. And, and then Kim. Kim was a soldier in that room, always writing her sketches. Everything Kim did for the most part, she wrote and created. So you, you got the, Keenan was like, he was like, you gotta trust me. This white boy is funny. He's like silly putty you. He twists himself up. He could suck his own dick if he tried. He it, white boy crazy. And Keenan was like, okay, lemme see him.


And then Jim went and he had just, Hollywood didn't want on no more. 'cause he did this thing called duck soup that bombed or duck something duck factory and a bomb. And so they were cold on him. So the network didn't want him. And then Keenan saw Jim in the audition that Damon brought him too. And Damon was picking him up. Keenan was like, he is hilarious. And then from there he put him on and he let Jim Buck wild. And living color was a playground. Yeah. Keenan always said, don't just do what's on the script. He made us all writers have something in your back pocket. 'cause when we do second take and third take, don't do the same thing. The audience can only hear the joke one time. It's only get diminish in return.


So they wanna hear something different. And so that's what we did. Being Keenan was a star maker is what I'm saying. Did you know Jim could be what he became? Yeah. I knew. I knew Jim could be what he became. I knew Jamie could be what he became. I knew Damon. I knew everybody on that set could become anything they wanted to be. Rosie Perez was the choreographer. Yes. You understand? Yes. For in living color. And living color was filled with great people. Handpicked people with good vibes and good energy and love.


My family even come to set. We hug each other. You see the love my family has. We have love. That's why I I all, oftentimes when it comes to people and they talking, they nonsense. They talking, they shit. Listen, I don't, I try not to engage. Right. Because I know I'm not about the goons and this and that. I got love. I got people that die from me. Lots of them like so, and I don't want to engage in that. Yeah. 'cause I'm loved. So I'm loved enough to step back from it. 'cause I know if I go, if I'm in the fight, they gonna be a lot of hands in there. You got the, the nephews, you got the cousins.


There's a lot of weigh. And I just go, you know what I'm loved. So when you get to a weigh set, you feel love. Yeah. You see, we love each other. Tommy said that. Tommy said, every time you, you guys come on set, you hug each other, you kiss each other. Yes. And he was like, damn, I wish I coulda had that in my family. And He did. He did. In my family. Yeah. From your, Yes. I'm saying in my family, Tommy comes on to this day. Tommy had a birthday party I pulled up. I love him. I love all my, all my, all my tribes. I love them for life. They're all, and all my, all them will tell you I show up, I show up. And, we, when you come in our world, we love you David. Andre will tell you, we love period. Nobody ain't gotten, only people that don't know us got something to say.


But anybody that experienced us is like they love. I had Tommy on Tommy said that like he and damn Tommy talk a lot. He does, he Did. Tommy said like he had a great relationship with J-Lo they would speak when they was on the show. You know, they went to dinner, they did things. And then when she kind of blew up, she kinda like brushed him off. I know you can only speak to his personal experience, what you've, what you've experienced. Have you experienced something like that? What's your relationship with J-Lo or have you experienced something like that where someone started out, they were kind of small, they got big and then all of a sudden they really didn't know who Marlon was. I don't know. Maybe they had something personal going on. You know, Jamie and, and, and J-Lo I can't speak on it. 'cause I don't know.


Not Jamie. I mean Tommy, Tommy and, and J-Lo you know, maybe he had a J-Lo joke somewhere. I don't know. And you know, you never know what could start that type of thing. Right. But from my experience, you know, J-Lo blew up. And when I saw it's always love, always, Hey, how you doing? How's Keenan? Right? Always been loved. She's never been like, oh, I'm above you now. She's never been like that. In fact, my role in air, you know, she told Ben Affleck, he was like, I need a good actor to do this role. And I, I want somebody good looking to play George Ling. She's like, I need, I need this. And Right. She said, what about Marlon? He's a great dramatic actor.


And so Ben called me and was like, will you do this role in my movie? And it was a great role. And I was like, bet. And J-Lo was the one that was like, yo, you should hit Marlon. So, and then I, I went on press tours and I saw her and her, her and Ben. We sat at the same table at the Golden Globes and love All Love. You know what I mean? I, I don't, I, there's no like, you know, but look, it's hard for everybody to always give you attention. Especially when you her, you being pulled this way, you being pulled that way. Everybody, you want the cameras here and this and that. And so I don't take it personal, I just go, maybe she busy. I'll hit that another time. And, but I don't know what her and Tommy went through. I, I love Jayla. You don't understand going to a living color set.


See everybody credits like puffy with finding that Jayla was fine. Right. He's Christopher Columbus. I'm Magellan. I knew that you'd already been there. You already knew that. I knew that ass was round boy. I watch me on a ling color and back when me doing all the beats and I'm just looking at her butt like, man, that, that's a lot of KY right there. But she was beautiful little Puerto Rican girl to me when she was just j LO's always been beautiful. Right. And to see her and see her and see her talent and see her blow up and see her become a brand ya from my alma mater. Hey man, love, love. And one day, you know, I sit down and go one day, you know, we'll work together.


I love that. I love the fact that I go, oh, there's something for me to work toward. Right? 'cause everything is full circle. You know, it was like everything is full circle. In fact, I remember I got the role in Nutty Professor as Dave Chappelle's role. And I, my character's name, I, I came, his name was Sweet. This is during the Def Jam era. I said, his name is Sweet Booger. And he had a saying every time he crack a joke about, you know how sweet Booger say, you better get outta here. And so I had this character and they thought it was hilarious. And then at the same time we had to screen him do BM Medicine that didn't do well. And then we had to write that movie.


And Keenan was like, well, I was say Keno, I got the role. He goes, okay, well you can do that role and you can make Eddie's movie funny. Or you could do the work and work on don't being a menace and do your movie and make your movie funny, but you can't do both. Wow. I cried. I cried. He always had these heartbreaking things like these things that he would show you. And it was like God talking. Right. And you, it's like this, this, this purgatory I'm in and I'm just like, I wanna do this, but I have to do this. And I chose to do Don't be menace. Yeah. You should have, I know you understand to work with my idol Eddie Murphy.


Yes. You understand what that meant for me. I love me some Eddie Murphy, that's Richard Pryor, Damon Wayans, Eddie Murphy. Those are my three goats right there. And you can mix 'em up and pick one. I wanna do that movie so bad. And then years later I get the opportunity to do Norbit and it just said Busta Taps. And that's all I had written. Right. And once again, going back, remember more money? Yeah. I wrote all these jokes down. Remember, don't Be a Menace. We wrote the whole thing in a week. I'm a writer. Sat there, Busta Taps, I watched Jane Fonda, I watched Billy Blanks. I said, what would a great tap dance class be?


And I wrote a whole routine of a tap dance, power tap dance class. Right. And I get to sit and Brian Robbins, who now runs Paramount, he directed the door. But he was like, Eddie's gonna be in makeup for five hours. We gotta, we're gonna shoot something. So what do you, what do you have? He says, Busta taps. What, what do you have? You have a, I said, I got this little thing that I, I worked out Can, can I try it? He said, okay. And I got the class. I said, y'all just do everything I do. Ready. And 1, 2, 3, 4. I stepped in four. Gotta wipe it off. Power tap, tap power, tap the cla.


Here come the cops. They taking me to jail. And I did the class. I did a 20 minute class. They were sweating. Brian Robinson was like, hold on, this is hilarious. We're filming all this five hours. Brian filmed the whole class. Eddie comes out the trailer dressed in his makeup and he gets to the screen and he goes, Eddie, we got something we wanna show you. And so he shows me my, the scene and I left the room. My idols in there. You know, the dude I knew since I was eight years old. Yeah. Yeah. Marlon, be free. I left the room nervous. They start the thing and all I hear is When Eddie laughs right.


He raws. Right. Ah, I look in the room and he's smacking the chair at what I'm doing. I stepped outside the room. I don't know where the east was, but I looked to the east and I just prayed. And I just thank God that I got to make my hero laugh. And being that I didn't have that opportunity before, but now given the journey that it all comes full circle, that I get to make Eddie Murphy laugh. I made him laugh. We did a scene together and I said something I thought, you know, look at your big old orange as look like the look like the great pumpkin.


Make a nigga go turn the nigga to werewolf woo something and anywhere. And I made him break. I was like, that's how I knew. I was like, I'm on something. Right. So everything is full circle. Everything happens for a reason. Everything is divinity and everything is God. Let's go to this. You were in above the Rim with Tupac. Yeah. My guy. You had a very, very close relationship with Pac. That's my man. That's my guy. That was, he was, it happened was I knew Pac for a while because like Okay. Omar was my best friend, is my best friend. Omar. Ups and him and my other best friend Mitchell, were doing juice.


Okay. With Tupac. Okay. So I was come up from Howard to come to the set to hang out with them. So I met Pac that way. Okay. Then when I moved to la, me and Jada Pinkett became great friends. Okay. Jada Pinkett and Tupac went to the same school together. School. Right. So we had like this clique of performing arts, high school ghetto kids. And then I got the roll of dump of, of Boogaloo and above the Rim. And I got to work with Pop And. we hung out, like on set. We cracked up, we laughed the whole time. This man would go work all day is weed.


And you know, he always, he always high that trailer. We shared a trailer together. I swear I got a whew. I had a a a You had a contact contact the whole time. He, it felt like I was living in a blunt. Like that's how much smoke it was. And so we used to hang out and then we laughed a lot together. We used to walk around the streets in New York. We laughed a lot. 'cause Pac was silly. Right, right. Pac was just like a, he was a performing arts high school kid that of, of the ghetto. I'm the same way I grew up in the projects. Right. Like I'm, I'm one of, I'm, I'm a project negro. All this Hollywood stuff. That's not what, what I know be right. You didn't come from that 16 years of my life raised in the institution pretty much.


So we all got along. Me, him, Omar was like, when we all got together, we can all laugh like kids, all the pressure, all the gangster, all the, no, we just all laugh. We hang out, you know. And pop. He always gonna be his thug self. He was always had a bishop in him, but he was such a multifaceted dude. And, if you watch out interviews, we have old interviews. I used to make him laugh all the time and he'd be silly with me. And you know, and it's crazy. I remember I saw Pac was performing. He invited me down to Glam Slam. Okay. And he was performing with Biggie. There's a pitcher with Tupac and Biggie. The only picture I think of them two together, And, if you look in the corner, I'm sitting in the background twisting my hair.


Now the irony is I saw Tupac in Vegas at the Luxor 20 minutes before he got shot. We saw him, I seen Suge and all these cars and thugs and reds. And I was like, I turned white. I was like, we shouldn't go over there. We could just wait for me. Hi Pac. Omar was like, nah, we gotta go say what's up. Pay our respects. And Pac was a huge start this time. And I was like, you sure this sure looks like a lot of trouble over there. And so I come over there, give him a hug, we all talk, kick it for five minutes. And the BMW pulls up. And me, Omar Mitchell, we get in the cab And, we pull off.


And I'll never forget the look on Tupac's face as we pulled off. It's kind of just like looking at us like we actually get in the car with you. It just, he looked like, man, I missed that freedom. I missed that fun. And he was just in this chaos, there was something, a part of him that's wished that it was like the innocence. He could just go with the innocence, right. And go with the, and so we left. And then 20 minutes later we heard he got shot. And then I saw Biggie 20 minutes before he got shot. We're leaving a party, we're going down the escalator or we're going up the escalator.


And he was like, oh, down. He was like, yo, hello your family. Hello. Y'all all make me laugh. Well, all the stuff you do. Well buddy, he was just big us up. He had to, I forgot what he had on maybe a coochie sweater or whatever. And he was, you know, we was talking, he was like, I love you. Dap me up, good seeing you continue success, blah, blah, blah. 'cause and I know, you know Puff since college, like I know these brothers, I grew up in Hollywood. So we're leaving the party. I see him again, DAP 'em up. My brother Keenan's in the party with me. He gets in his car. He has a drop top 500 Mercedes sl. I'm in my Range Rover, And. we hear pop, pop, pop.


Keenan's, like, yo go. I remember his head as he went over the speed bump. And he pulled off and he pulled off. I went to go eat a Jerry's Deli. I'm friends with Tracy Lee, who was a rapper. And we was all eating over there. And. we found out big, got shot, went to the hospital, saw a Puff and all them outside or or Mark Pitts, all those guys I knew crying. And, and I saw Biggie 20 before he got shot. Wow. So 20 minutes after this interview, nigga, you may get shot. I ain't going nowhere. I I ain't going nowhere. They got no gun. You 55 cent.


The, the the Williams Brothers show. Yeah. How do you guys get that picked up? Hmm. Well, what Sean had a, Sean did a showcase for Warner Brothers and all these different places. He had a showcase at the Laugh Factory and Warner Brothers wanted to sign him to a deal. Okay. So he goes to have the meeting and I just had more money come out. He said, they said, what do you want do? He goes, I always wanna do a show with my brother Marlon. Right. And me and him was already working on the way Brothers. And he was like, oh, Marlon for mo money and are the two of you great. And so we started developing the show. The guy, it was David Lee and Leslie Simon.


And we sat there And, we created the show together. And then, then we got to NBC. We got to the table read. And they didn't want John Witherspoon, They didn't want him. They thought he was too ghetto. They thought that John was too country. That he was too Detroit. You know that George Detroit player brother. You know John as a very, you know, distinct personality. Exactly. He was very John a ghetto. They didn't want him as our father. Me and Sean was like, we don't want no other father. And they was like, either you replace the father or you don't get on our air And. we said, we're not replacing the father.


And so NBC didn't pick us up, so then we're nowhere. And then WB is being created and they needed a flagship show. And. we did this pilot called Williams Brothers. And they was like, We'll take it. We'll take it. And so me and Sean, with John, we said, you gotta take John Witherspoon bet. And from there, the Wayne's brothers, You do realize to be on network television. And the only thing that you had to do in order to get on network television was to change a character. You know how many people would've changed that one character? Yeah. But not, we have a loyalty And.


we have instincts. And you gotta trust your instincts. Without John Witherspoon Waynes brothers, me and Sean is always gonna be funny. But you need a triangle offense. You need that dead. You need that Try angle offense that every time we threw John the ball, we knew, we knew that. Was he still curry? We Knew it. He stepped or clay. We knew it. Every time John And, we had the time of our lives, we laughed so much. We used to go to lunch together. And John, he's so country, John would order two chickens. And. we was like, oh cool. So you gonna split this one up? No nigga, get your own. This, this all mine. No vegetables, this chicken.


We, me and Sean was calling him Chicken Man. And, but man, we had so much fun. And he was like always telling me, Marlon, you need to get more keys. See, you need to have more keys. Don't just, you got this actor key And. we got the producer key. See now you wanna be like a janitor where you go open up any door you want, you gotta get you them keys. You need to get this standup key. And for years, I never did standup. I think because of fear. I think because I grew up in this household with all these comedians. And I always felt intimidated. I always felt like Damon, I, I'm never gonna match what Damon's doing. I I, and I'm never gonna do what Keenan's been able to do.


Or I can't do what Sean and Kim, everybody, when you do comedy, everybody, you tell stories from your life. I got four niggas already telling the stories of my life. Yes. So what do I have to say by the time I come along? They'll Beat you to the punch. Exactly. But then you realize, oh no, that's their stories from their point of view. And as a comedian, as an individual, oh, I got my own stories. I got my own point of view. I got my own journey with my parents. And my relationship is different. I got each one of these brothers I could talk about and pull from. I went to performing arts high school, right? I didn't do standup till later. I have a different journey.


And so that now gives me complete confidence. But John used to always say, Marlin, you got the gifts you need to go get them keys. And now he's gone. I'm hitting them stages so hard. 'cause I'm like, John, I'm gonna get them keys. I'm, I'm gonna get these keys. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna go down as, as, as, as one of the greats. 'cause that that inspiration, I I, he's one of the people up there with my parents that I-I-I-I-I wanna make proud and God, I'm Looking at some of the guests that you've had on. You had Bernie Mac, Missy Elliot, Jerry Springer, Gary Coleman, Pam Greer, Monica Kenny, Lofton, Camacho, Busta Rhymes, key Sweat En Vogue, Paul Abdu.


Who are some of your favorite guests that you had on the Williams brother? Oh damn, you didn't mention 'em so fast. I I don't, I don't. Who?


Philadelphia Cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it's adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household and it should be in yours. If you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally ironing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season meets new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go. Score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The Filet o fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu Limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


Bernie Mac. Bernie Mac. Okay, so Bernie Mac. You don't know this. Bernie Mac's first movie. Wayne's. We put on a lot of people. We put on a lot of people because if you funny, we want to give you opportunity. Opportunity. You know, the first thing Bernie Mac did mo money. He played a bouncer and mo money. Second thing he did, we put him in a movie. Don't be a menace. He played officer self hatred. Wow. Then we put him on Wayne Brothers. Then me and Bernie did. Above the Rim together. Like I love Bernie Mac. Me and Bernie was very tight. You know, I love, I love that man. But I always knew, once again, I always knew he was gonna be funny.


I always knew. So he was one of my favorites. I remember we, we would improvise something And, it would, we'd have some kind of black joke or black in the hat and then he'd walk outta the room and go, shut up Bitch And. we would just, it would just kill. And he was one of my, my favorites. Bustle. Grimes And. we put on everybody that we are fans of. Right In Vogue. We are fans of In Vogue, fans of Missy Elliot. It was good to act with them and work with them. And. we always thought of it like, I love Lucy. You know, where she would have guest stars on, you know, that she was fans of or friends with. And you know, I remember Buster came on and you know, he, we was backstage and after the show we, we gambled we was playing craps.


And I think I beat Beat Buster for like seven GI think to this day. He's still pissed off at me. He killed them that night. This is what I want to, I really want to know. I, because you were a part of it, do you think we'll ever see an era of black sitcoms? Like we saw in the nineties you had the Fresh Prince, you had your show, you had Martin, you had Jamie Fox, you had in Living single, you had the cos you had so many. Will we ever, ever see that again? I believe we can surpass that.


I'm hopeful you talking to a dreamer. Okay. You talking to somebody that understands positive affirmations. Okay. That, that you put that power in the universe. We ain't peaked black people. We just beginning. Okay. We just beginning now. We going to have some work to do because as long as we're not owning the networks and owning the airwaves and having the executives that get our humor, then we're gonna be minimalized and marginalized. So I'm hopeful that there's gonna be a new way of doing things. Okay. And I, I think we'll be able to do even more than what we did in the past. Because I think the talent nowadays, you know, there's some special people out there.


And not just people, not just actors. Before we was Rai Hollywood was raising actors since me and my brothers came along, and Robert Townsend and Eddie Murphy and all these people, like now you got visionaries coming along. Okay. You got, you know, Issa RAs, you got Jordan Peels, you got, you got visionaries. That's not just people that's just like, oh, I'm gonna act in something. You got me, right? You got people that's like, no, no, no. I'm gonna craft something and produce something and create something that is of us. The Kenya Burriss. Yeah. It's the Kenya Barris. You know what I'm saying? We, we are visionaries. So we just gotta do more. We have to collectivize we have to, we have to do more stuff together. Empower each other.


Stop breaking each other down. Right. I just, it they don't, sometimes they don't know, you know, from coming from a legacy. I understand how important it is to build each other, not break each other. Right. It's so they want, we ain't crabs in a barrel. Right. Right. How can I help your platform? How can I help you out? Right. One day if I have a show. Hey, can you come? Yes. I would love to have go talk with you and talk to you about your, your legendary career and all you've done and how you've grown as a, as a industry and how you've grown from, I remember when you first came on the air, when you first came on, you could barely boy you a southern Southern as hell. I who put this man I the back of my and then thi I them tell them, Thi you was and now you doing this, you you doing vocal exercises before.


I said, look at this man. He taking this class serious. I said, go on. Shit. I was watching you. Yeah. But I'm proud to see the evolution. Right. I'm proud to drink this. Thank you. I'm proud to come on this platform. I think we need to do more of this. Right. I don't believe I need to break you down to build me up. 'cause that's insecurity. I believe in love and I'm a, I'm a have a great journey. I'm gonna work with wonderful people and do wonderful things. Explain to, to me and my audience, how does syndication work? Because you say it's like living living it. Don't they Stop that shit Damnit after Seinfeld This and no, after Cosby said, no more niggas gonna get that much money ever.


So syndication was, you had to do what? A hundred shows Episode a hundred shows. A hundred episodes. A hundred episode. I, I personally, I think if I do TV again, I wanna go back to that model for me. Yeah. That's the, that I wanna do sitcom. I want to do tv, I wanna do, They won't syndicate you anymore. I want do it. I think it's still a model that is necessary. I think, I think the brands need a place to go. I think the networks have given up and they've allowed the streamers to kill their business. See we live in a greedy business and they try to compete with each other. I just feel like sometimes yo, let Netflix be Netflix. Right. Everybody ain't gotta create that.


You going to kill your business to go try and do their business and spend all this money chasing they business when let them have their business. I want to, I like the syndication thing. I could, I wanna do it. I could do a Netflix or a a Stream. I've been very successful on all those. But I truly believe in the syndication thing. You do a hundred episodes, maybe 200 episodes, and then you sell it market by market and then you sell it to the streamers. There's a big business in it. I paid $3 million a episode. If I get $3 million back on the first run, then I'm, I'm, I'm recouping everything that I've made and then the second run.


And if I'm getting a million dollars a episode for those 200 episodes, that's $400 million. Right. Right. You got to think about the business of the business. And now I just feel like our business is gobbling itself up And. we need to break out of it. You know? And, and, and, and, and get back to, to not everything being under one roof. When did you realize that you could write that you could really, like I can write, but I can write stuff that could become a movie. I could write things that be, can become a sitcom. When did you realize that you had that gift that you could really, really do this? Marlon, I think when I wrote my first sketch, first sketch I ever wrote on my own was Sha Ranks Mr.


Ugly Man. Okay. And it was funny 'cause I did it, Mr. Ugly Man, come on. And people get mad. Listen man, hey people, y'all can't get mad of jokes. They, I'm like, if you gonna get me mad about jokes, you better get in line. There's gonna be a lot of anger. There's a lot of angry niggas out there. I remember I had to run, I was on the set of living color and I was dodging sha rank 'cause he was on Yeah. Guest. You ever run into Sha? Yeah. He was a guest on this show. Oh man. He set you up, picked you up. Sure did. What? He picked you up And I what I for now, Because when you do it to they face, you know, it's mockery is the greatest form of flattery.


Right. But doing my first sketch was like, okay, I can do this. Right. And then when we went through those 26 drafts when we did, don't be a me I could do this. Then when we did Scary Movie And, we had to go do those 19 drafts. Now for me, I'm, when I, my specials now my standup, I don't even write it down no more. Really? I'm like Jay Z in the booth. I remember everything. I, I write it in front of the audience. Right. So I don't sit at home and go, this is what's funny. I go up with a concept and I go, all right, I'm gonna work this out right here in front of the audience and see where it takes me.


There's gonna be some quiet moments, but I'm, I'm gonna do that. And I started doing that when I did God Loves Me, which was all about the, the Will Smith, Chris Rock slap. Right. And I wrote the whole thing in my head in three months. And I didn't tour it for long. I toured it maybe three, four months. And then I filmed the special. And then after that I was like, oh wow. I'm in the Matrix. I I just ate the red pill. I'm in the, I'm in the Matrix. Things is moving slowly. Like I see all these numbers and I can put all these numbers together and create these formulas. Right. And now, good grief, same thing. I don't write it down. This new one that I'm working on. I'm on tour. Make sure you catch my tour.


The Wild Child Tour, coming to a city near you this fall. You gonna see I got, I'm not just up there telling jokes. I'm up there telling great stories. And it's like watching a movie because you got all these different characters and this hero that's going through this thing to get an elixir. And all along the way it's just Joke, joke, joke, joke. BBB Bop, relentless. And then there's a little bit of heart and then there's some spirit. I want you to come down and check me out. I'm, I'm, I'm, I've, I wouldn't say I'm in a special place since I've really felt that I've always been a humble man. Right. I've always been humble because I've been raised, I know what greatness is. Yes.


I'm starting to see mine. Wow. You get to a point in your excellence through your work ethic and you go, oh no, I know what I'm doing. Scary movie. Miramax. Miramax. Yeah. That's Harvey. W people don't know. That's Harvey. That was Harvey Weinstein's company. Harvey Weinstein and his e evil ugly brother Bob. I'm gonna have to drink on this man. You know, talk about it. He now see you waited for four shots in before you to start getting juicy. And then this thing got real hot all of a sudden. Did you turn this up? No, this is the hot seat.


What? We can turn it down. We gonna turn it down. So I read that scary movie that you guys got a really, really crappy deal out of that. I think in Hollywood you always get crappy deals. The Fir but that, that's what not not just your se seventh or eighth deal. Maybe your first one. I think the first one we got a crappy deal. Definitely. But the second one, this first one was so big. You know we opened the $42 million. Yes. Which was unheard of. Yes. And they try to say for a black director, that was a record breaker. No, that was a record for just a comedy director period. And that's what I love about Keenan. Keenan was like, no, no, no. Don't, don't you put the black label on me.


Don't you minimalize or marginalize my success by you trying to label it. It. Let's let that bleed so that other black people can know that there's not such a thing as just black success. 'cause black success has a ceiling. No, just success. And I just so happened to be black. And that's what how he rode and you know, it was huge. So they was trying to make a deal for the second one. The weaken of, 'cause they seen the tracking. They know it was gonna be huge. So we got a good deal on the second one. You know, we got a 20 against 20 deal. And then Miramax did what they did. You know, they was, they, I always say, you know, they didn't just rape and molest women.


They raped niggas too. Molested us in them deals. They, they were terrible people did, terrible people. Did You know that that was going on behind the scenes? Had you heard whispers of things that he was doing to women or people that were trying to get in position? Did you hear anything about that? Did you know anything like this was going on? I hear things right. But you know, he never tweeted my book. He, he, I, He probably, he probably nigga never Asked me for a foot massage. I, I'd have been like, man, we don't get the fuck outta here. But if I had heard, like if I'd have known somebody, if somebody came to me, I'd have pulled up on him. Hey man, don't do that.


I ain't gonna tell you how to do your business, but you ain't gonna do that business to my people. Right. Don't do that. That's just, that's just not how you conduct your business. If you want people to be successful, you don't use your your weight to try and get something from somebody. You should want people to be successful for themselves. And the feeling that you get is the fact that you helped nurture them and make them successful. This other thing that's toxic but God comes for you. All the toxic things that you did to me and my family. We took the franchise from us. Took it from us. That was a franchise that because, and then they stole the idea for the third one. Right. We as gentlemen, we walked away from third one 'cause it was like, well first of all they took it from us, put it in and gave it to somebody else.


'cause we couldn't make a deal. So they gave it to somebody else and they didn't even tell us. They read about it in the papers And. we was like, okay cool. So then that crapped out. 'cause I'm gonna tell you something. You can try, you can try. You can't do weigh-ins shit without the weigh-ins. Yeah, you can try. But eventually you're gonna lose a lot of money. 'cause what we do is special. We have 200 years of comedy between me, Sean and Kenan, Damon Kim, we have a lot of years of excellence at what we do. You can't just put anybody on the, oh, they're gonna just do it.


You can't do what we do. Right. You can do a version. And so they did the third one. Took the idea. We pitched them. 'cause we, we came to the table. We said, all right, if you want to do this, we going to, we gonna get a 30 against $30 million deal. 'cause you made this much money on the first one. You made that much money on the second one we gonna get 30 against 30. Alright. Okay. Bet. We come in, Kenan has the meeting, piss his idea. They go, we love it. We're gonna make a offer. They make a offer for what we made on the first one. But Hold on. You, you just said we going to, okay, you, you got us on the second, first one we did. Okay. 20 for 20 on the second. When we gonna do 30 for 30? Ain't no offer to be made.


You were already told us what we going to get on the third one. How you gonna make an offer? Yeah. You feel that outrageous feeling that you feel Yeah. That's what we felt. That's what we times three. So we was like, you know what, no you, we told you what it was. You're not playing gentlemanly. So we went and pitched that movie And. we pitched White Chicks to, it was that movie and another movie. I think it was White Chicks. Yeah. To five other places. Everybody bid. So then they come and go, okay, we're gonna come over the top and we're gonna pay you. I think it was like a 20 against 20 deal. Whatever And, we, but You got that on the Second one or 22 against 22 And.


we was no, we was like, no, here's what we're gonna do. We're gonna go do this movie with Joe Roth and Revolution. And they took the idea and I was like, oh fuck you. So they took the idea, they hired the Zucker brothers and they brought them on to do Scary Movie three based on the idea that we told them. Now you got that one off. Part four didn't do as well. 'cause now You ain't got, you ain't got the Marlon you ain't got the Williams idea. Yeah. The first one you could, you could fool the audience. They see Anna, they see Regina. They're like, oh, okay. Then they get the like, Hey, whoa, whoa, this, this, this.


Don't, I like Regina and, and I love Kevin. I love Anthony. I do. But this don't taste like weighs. Then you do the fourth one, diminishing returns. Then you do the fifth one and the fifth one. I was doing the haunted house at the time. I showed haunted house to them because I was looking for distribution. They were trying to buy it and shelve it. But they tried to take the ideas that I had in haunted house and apply it to Scary Movie five. But you don't know the formula. So they offered, we said no. I took it to, what's the name, open Road And. we got, what was the name?


Another company to give us marketing budget end game. And I made that movie for a million and a half dollars. It opened to $19 million. Which is huge. Yeah. Went on to make $70 million worldwide. Scary movie. Five or six, whatever it was. It died. And they spent a lot of money to make that movie. Now that money that you spent making that movie, you could have saved you some money and made some money and you Could've recouped the money that you spent making the movie. All you gotta do is pay the professionals that do it. And I'm not asking you for anything that's crazy. I'm just asking for you to respect what the craft is.


Right. And what we know how to do. I wanna all make money together and then, but God is everywhere. Right. So we didn't retaliate. We did nothing with him like this. You Didn't file no lawsuit. Like he, we Should have, we should have. We didn't go like this. All good. We go on made our money, white chicks made another classic little man made another classic. We do our thing. Right. Fast forward to, you know, sometimes you ain't gotta do nothing 'cause God's going do it all. Let him have one. God's revenge. When God come for you, you gotta trust God. You don't retaliate. Vengeance is mine.


They took Miramax, his company Miramax, Disney took it. Then they had the Weinstein Co. And then all this stuff started going down with the rape allegations. And they took that company too. And now your brother's in jail and you ain't in the business. I didn't have to do nothing. Right. All you had to do is be good businessmen. Right. We asked for nothing. We did nothing wrong to you. We Didn't ask for nothing. Any, we didn't ask for anything that we didn't Already. But sometimes they get mad that a black man has a nerve to ask for what his money supposed to be. Don't you tell me what I'm supposed to make.


This is what my value is. And. if you want that, then you gonna have to pay me what I'm worth. And if not, hey man, I'm gonna keep it moving. I ain't, I ain't got no beef And. we just didn't make a deal. So all love, I'm gonna take these great ideas and go somewhere else. Right. But don't be mad that you had to pay me for what I feel my worth is. Can I ask you about this? Because there people be asking me about it. These Hollywood parties, Marlon, you been to do Hollywood parties. What going on at these Hollywood parties? I left early Because people, people Think that I've been to plenty Diddy parties.


I left early. I swear to, I never seen The stuff that they, they trained to be going On. I never seen, I never, never, those aren't the type of parties that I, I go to. I don't frequent those type of parties. And even if I go, like I said, I've never seen any of this. I'm like, when I hear about it, when did that happen? Yes. At what time did this go down? Because I was there till three 30. You mean 3 32. So they waited for me to leave. Like, all right, good. That Wayans nigga's gone. He talked too much. I've never seen it. Never seen nothing. You know, I see drugs, you know. Yeah. I don't be seeing like, I'm not a, a man that's about the gang bangs and the this and that.


Yeah. If I I party, I like my own party. Yeah. You know what I mean? Even if I'm me and you know, back in the day it would be me and some chicks. It'd be me and some chicks. I don't need me and some chicks and some dicks. Nah. Just, this is my my party. This is my swell. Aint ain't amtraks going on. It's all love. Every, this is a love session here. Like go. But I don't no Amtraks because that'll get you in trouble. Yeah. I seen, I see the, the forest through the trees. 'cause I got God in my life. Right. I got my daddy in my life. My, I got my mama Uhuh. Don't do that. Yep. Now you know better. Yep. Everything that you do one day can come back to haunt you. So you gotta be careful how you show up.


I don't have no blemishes on my nascar. I am brand clean. I don't go to jail. I don't do DUIs 'cause I don't drink and drive. If I'm gonna have me a drink, I don't care where I'm at. I'm gonna call me a Uber. Right. I don't drink and drive. I don't get into silly like All. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't do that. I don't carry jewelry or nothing of value. 'cause I don't want to give you a reason to wanna rob me. I got nothing. You want a credit card? Go for it man. You got 20 minutes. Have have at it. Right. Go.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy dessert. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The filet of fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Knock out before I have to call in this, someone stole my car. I don't invite, I don't drive fancy cars like Rolls Royces and No, no, no. I got a Prius. No, I got Nah, nah. Prius. I ain't that cheap. I I got one car. I got two cars. I got a 1994 Range Rover 94, isn't it still operational? Sure. Is only 50,000 miles on it. 1994 Range Rover. Wow. And I have a Tesla that I'm about to drive over a cliff because I don't like what he be saying about his trans child. It make me mad. You don't, you don't treat them babies like that. You don't disown your babies. That was your, your sperm weird.


Ain't they fault? Yeah. Elon, your sperm weird. It's okay. That weird sperm. I got it too, man. Shit. Love your child. So my point is, I don't, I watch how I conduct myself. 'cause I'm not just doing this for me. I have to answer to God. I gotta answer to my brothers. I have to answer to my legacy. I can't act a certain way. I have to answer to black people. I have to answer to kids that wanna be like me. There's a lot for me to answer to. There's a bunch of people that want to come laugh and feel good and I owe it to my fans to walk through this life and be an example as best as I can. Now I will, you know, I will go on my runs.


I will curse out you not in airline. Yeah. You know, I will when I'm mistreated. I'm a I'm a talk bad about you, but if I don't have to I'm gonna refrain. But I watch my conduct. You have to watch your conduct. So I don't, I don't go to those parties like that. I've been to parties. Like I said, I never saw nothing. I'd be so surprised when I hear certain things like that happened. Yeah. Where Was I when That happened? Exactly.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharp and I'm a row sponsor. Do you want hotter, more spontaneous sex row? Sparks can help Sparks offer dual action prescription treatment that's given men stronger and harder. Erections. Rose Sparks works faster than other treatments because they're dissolved under the tongue and go directly to the bloodstream. Why does that matter? Because now when the mood is right, he'll be ready. Nor will weight for that pill to kick in. Plus, rose stays active in your system for up to 36 hours. But when you get aroused, hey Whew. You get hard without waiting. With role Sparks, guys can get more confidence in bed, more satisfaction for their partners and more control. When it's sexy time. RO connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. There is no awkward conversation with an in-person. Doctor if approved treatment ships directly to the door to find out if a prescription for Road Sparks are right for you. Connect with a provider at road.co/sheha url. That's RO do co slash sheha. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not FDA approved for full safety information. Visit ro.co/info


White chicks. Did you, were they at that party? A few. You Did. You think White Chicks was gonna, when you are making white chicks, obviously you and Sean, I think you Sean, and you say Keenan and a couple other people was writing this movie and you're like, okay, yeah. This blah blah, blah, blah, blah. Thinking. So when you are shooting this movie, obviously you're getting laugh. Did you think it was gonna do this? Yeah. We was like, it's special. Nobody's done it. I mean, you have to saying that was the hardest movie Sean and I ever did. Yeah. To act in with two black men playing two white girls. Right. It's supposed to be summertimes in the Hamptons. Yes. We're filming wintertime in Vancouver.


We're doing seven hours of makeup we got these big ass feet and these little fucking heels, right? Bunions was popping Thongs. Like you understand? Then when they put these contacts in, that was the worst hair going in your mouth. Seven hours of makeup. And then after that, in order to get the movie done, me and Shawn pushed our call Time we, we forced, we did something called forced call. Okay? So you're normally supposed to work a complete 12 hour day, right? And then you gotta send the actors home, right? So they can sleep. And that's called getting your turnaround, right? We pushed our turnaround. So we do seven hours of makeup. And then from the time we got outta makeup, say we went in makeup at three in the morning, And, we finished makeup by 10 o'clock.


10 o'clock we start filming And. we film till 12 o'clock at night, go home, get three hours sleep, come back, do it again. This movie was so hard, but we knew we had something special. We knew the set pieces. We know this, that weighing shit. We know, man, 200 years of comedy we going, this is gonna be, and I thought when, when, once again, my brother Sean's underrated. He came up with the idea for white chicks. This man called me up two o'clock in the morning. I think this nigga was high of green tea. He said, Marlon, we should play two white girls.


I said, Sean, you need to live with green tea. I'm taking my black ass sleep. Next day he comes to the house, he's like, no, we gotta do it. And I think it was Rick bought over FHM magazine, or Sean bought over FHM magazine and on the cover was Nikki and Paris Hilton. And he was like, these are the girls that we gotta play. And he said, I was watching this movie, something like it. Hot boom. So we watched something like it hot, like the Matrix. He was like, that's it. I see it. Instead of criminals, we're gonna play cops. Instead of two white guys playing two white girls, we're gonna play two, two black men playing white girls.


Instead of the little guy in the movie that's chasing around Jack Lemon's character, we're gonna make him one of them big ass basketball, football niggas that love white girls. Who their whole terminology, Man, it's snowing in here. Who says it snows in April? Man, you know the look at that big white one over there? That's the abominable Snowman. There was a character me and my brother used to do all the time. So that's who we hire Terry Cruz as. Right? And then all the girls, the dance numbers. We knew, we knew when it's so much. So I had such a good time, I still found time to hang out with the cast. 'cause I loved all those girls. We had such a good time to the point to where I had a, me and my brother was staying in Yale town.


We had this dope townhouse, right? We moved, we shut that townhouse down And, we moved to the crappy ass Sutton Hotel just so we could be around the cast so we could party with them on Wow. And we knew that was gonna be a special movie. And you know, to this day, people like the stigma of you wearing a dress. And yes, the white man that got you wearing a dress and nothing, man, you got it twisted. The white man got me wearing a dress. I didn't do this to try and get in Hollywood. This was something that we created because we said this would be funny, right? Black people, black artists.


Stop minimalizing your creativity. We should do it all. Physical comedy. We should do drama. We should do, you know, romantic comedy. You gotta do slapstick. You gotta, we should be able to cover all forms of our expression of comedy because white people don't do that. White people don't sit there and go, man, look at, look at Dustin Hoffman wearing that dress. Robin Williams winning win. Or look at, look at Robin Williams wearing a dress. There you go. Rob Williams wearing a dress again. Didn't Dustin Hoffman win the war? Look at top, he wasn't, didn't win. Black people get screwed.


S skewered and scrutinized white people win statues. Rob Williams won a Golden Globe for Mr. Dfi. Dustin Hoffman won a Oscar for Tootsie. And do you see any white people screaming that about them? Black people. We have been so hurt and so damaged through slavery and all that we've been through that we think we have to uphold ourselves a certain way. We, the best way we can uphold ourselves is to support each other. Don't be crabs in a barrel trying to break each other down. They do that.


It's, it's been in our psyche for years. When does it stop? When does it stop? This's been a, this is what we do. We gonna use our airwaves to break each other down and to the build each other up. Nah, man. No. That's not why we wear dresses. Ain't a gay bone in my body. Gayest thing about me is my daughter. You know what I'm saying? But, and, and honestly, and, and not to say I'm not a whole mother full bother. I got gay friends. I'm comfortable enough as a man that I can wear a dress and still feel like a man. Right? I could, I I I'm doing comedy, so I'm gonna continue to do comedy. And when you do it right, you know, you know when you do it right.


You know why black people ain't Rob mad at robbing Robert Downey Jr. For doing the character in Tropic Thunder? 'cause he was funny. He was funny. He didn't downplay black people. He just did the black guy. He felt like he was you in character, right? And it was funny and it came from a good place, right? So black people ain't mad at that. It wasn't like he was making fun of mockery of us right? When we did white chicks, right? Mockery is grapes form flattery. You wanna tell a good joke? The person that you making fun of, they should laugh the loudest. You know, who loved the white chicks the most white, white chicks? Black people loved it too. But that was why the movie's a classic movie.


And you know, it's sad, you know, that we haven't done a sequel. But see there's a difference between when we do sequels and when they do sequels. And I'm not that guy to be like, white man, this and the, you know, I don't complain. I just do my work, man. Right? Right. I do. I I'm too busy creating and being a force to sit there and lick my wounds and look at doors and beg them to throw out a bone. Would you be willing to do a sequel? Yeah, but This, you'll go over now When Tom Cruise do a sequel to a hit movie, they go, here's $50 million, 50% of it back in. Niggas do a sequel to a movie. Like, can you do the same movie for half the budget and you make a quarter of what you made the first time. What kind of math is this?


Didn't you? If we doing a sequel, wasn't it successful? I gotta make a bigger, better movie and I'm not gonna cheat the audience. I'd rather not do it. And let the classic just be a classic. Let it marinate, right? And in the meantime, I'll create something new and create a new classic and we'll form a different business based on that. But if you want to bring somebody back to a classic thing in a classic franchise and you gotta make it bigger and better, then I can't, I can't creatively marginalize myself by the financials not adding up. There's a situ and, and white chicks. I had Monique on it. Monique said you guys stole one of her jokes. What is this thing about? Jokes stealing.


I love Monique. I'm not going, I love my sister when she goes out for her money and things like that. I want I get your money sis. Right? If you, if if you feel that your value is that, Get it. I hope you get every last single dollar and I hope they put another million on top of it, right? Magical performance in in precious. Precious Monique super talented man. And but when it comes to like stealing her joke, no, I don't need to steal joke. That's a old joke. That's like a knock knock joke. You know? Know what I mean? It's like, that's not a specific joke, right? That joke been around for years. I never even saw it, right?


It was just something we was like on set and was like, oh, you'll be funny if we did the baby powder. Right? But I'm not, I wouldn't never steal, I wouldn't steal anybody's joke. I think it's a, I think it's a crime. Wow. To steal jokes. I don't, I don't steal 'em. That diminishes my returns as a writer. I'd rather punch your joke and gift you that. I go watch comedians sometime, right? If I'm watching your set and you're about to go, I go, Hey, you know, you should try this right here, blah, blah. All good. I don't go, I don't, I stole my joke. That's why for me now, if it ain't personal, I ain't doing it right. I do sets, that's about my pain. And I go, what's funny about my pain? Because it's part therapy and it's part that's where the best humor comes from.


And so you can't steal my pain. You can't steal my life. I have a personal journey. If you hear somebody go, man, I'm the youngest of 10 kids, nigga is you. So no, I would never steal a joke. I, I love Monique respects to Monique, I love you sis. But no, that, that's not how it went down. You mentioned earlier your daughter. Yeah. Hold on, let me get a drink. Huh? But it isn't a drink of celebration homeboy. Yeah. How about that? My child. I Your child I saw on social media where you was like, and people, I I think I need you to get drunk with me.


You, I, I want you to start slurring. I want, I want the old Shannon sharp bat before you became our tea. That there, that there mom, your daughter. I like how you put it right back in the place where it's branding. Yeah. Get your mark on When your child was growing up, did you notice anything that wasn't normal of that, that was specific to that child's gender? Did you notice anything? No. Little, well, they were always different. I noticed that they always had, like, there was always a girl that she, there's this kid when she was coming up Geraldine, that Geraldine.


And she was just like, yeah, she did it again. What'd you do? I said, hi. And she didn't say hi. Right? And she had this thing with this Geraldine girl. And, and it wasn't until earlier, I mean till later that she explained to me that she had a crush on Geraldine. And that's why she would say I was saying hi to her. I was just trying to express that I liked her. And, and this was when my child became an adult. I was like, oh, so all these people that you had these beeps and these gripes with was girls that you actually had You actually liked Crushes on. So I, Amaya was always a little different. She always, you know, you look at little pictures of her when she little, you know, we go Google and she's a, like, the nigga always had a secret like, right.


And so there was signs. I think her mother saw it more than I did. And so I think that's why the, the transition was harder on me 'cause I was the last to, to know. But as hard as it was, I think that it's not important. It's important what you went through the five steps of grief. But I think it's important that you get to acceptance. And I'm proud to say it took me a week, A week, A week. And it felt like forever. It felt like five years, one very hard week. And this was happening at a time when my mother was dying.


Mm. My mother died. My father was sick. Couple of my friends, people I love had brain aneurysm. John Witherspoon died. 57 people I loved died. I was broken. And then it was the other way on top of me. Like, what do you mean you're transitioning to what? And if for one week I was resistant. And I'm proud to say I'm not proud of the things that I went through, but I'm proud that I got there in a week. And I'm even, I'm sad to say some parents and some family members and some people, it'll take them a lifetime.


Yeah. And they'll never get to that magical place that I'm at, which is just acceptance. Still my child, man. Right? That's my baby. Because I think sometimes Marlon, the hardest thing as a parent, you have an expecta, you have an expectation of what you think your child should or shouldn't be. Yeah. But see what beautiful is God will break you. You, we all gotta answer to God. And so this wasn't for them, this was for me. Mm. You are not me young man. I am God. You are not me. I designed this way. I want to, the only thing you can do is get this lesson unconditional love. Now apply that to your life. Feel your freedom, feel your lightness.


That's for you. And I feel great Golden God is I say God all the time, right? 'cause I know he real. You just welcome another, you welcome a child. Yeah. 50 plus single. Hey nigga, I read it. You said, hold on. I made my own grandbaby. Leave me alone. You think this little trans child's gonna gimme a baby? I don't know what's going on with they organs. What's popping birthed me a baby outta her dick. I don't know what, Correct me if I'm wrong. Yeah, I read, I think I read it that you said you're not gonna get married now because you compare all women to your mom.


And that's an unfair comparison. Maybe I'm paraphrasing. No, I said that I didn't get married while my mother was alive because I always wanted my mother to be my number one girl. Okay? I knew my mama would cause havoc. My I'm a mama's baby. Okay? And so I don't want my wife beefing my mother like that. No. That I know my son. I don't want that. And so my mother was, I know my mother was on borrowed time. So let me love my mama. That's just one reason. Other reason was, nigga, I'm in Hollywood. I got all, all this money, all this dick. I, I can't be faithful. Wasn't me lying. You watch your Bible.


Why am I gonna lie to a woman with all this dick? That's crazy. No, I wasn't ready to be faithful. I had to get some gray hair in my, I I had the skunk had to happen. I didn't wanna show it to everybody. You know what I mean? I had to, I had to grow up man. I never wanted to get divorced, right? And so I needed to become a man. And it took my parents to go for me to finally be like, I could see myself getting married. Oh wow. I could, Man, nobody gonna marry your old ass Here. Pull this old, old ass wrong shot, can use the penis out. Who won this? Who won this?


How different are you going to be being a father to this recently child? This recent child, compared to where you were in the beginning, your first day is as a father, A little easier, right? Less, less expectations. They going to be what they going to be. You know, my other kids, you know, they go to fall. Ha ha they climb, but they got this one. I'm like, all right. She gonna learn when she fall down, she bust her ass. Get that knot on the head. She gonna learn not to climb on high things. You know, she gonna touch that hot stove. Little nigga burn her hands. She gonna be like, ah, no hot, We gonna do it again. So you become a little bit and you give, you leave space for error.


I always wanted my kids said, yo, you studying, you're doing this, you doing that, you're being great. Yes. And this one I'm like, have fun. Have fun in life. You want to here, you wanna play piano, you want to play instruments, you wanna play, you wanna sing whatever you wanna do, right? Let's go do the things that you're interested in. I don't care if you give me all a's I care that you give most effort in the things you love to do most. 'cause that's what you're gonna do for your lifetime, right? So if you get a's in that man, just gimme a C And the other thing, C minus, I'm good. 'cause the thing you excellent at, you gonna be excellent at I less pressure, man. I, I'm, I know life. The most important thing about life is to be happy.


I'm not going, I'm not going to be in the way of your smile. Right? My daddy supports you and loves you with anything that you want to do. Kai broke me. Kai broke me. Kai broke my ego. Kai broke the thing where I was like, you gotta be this and you gotta be that. Hey man, I ain't gotta be nothing. Whatever y'all want. I just gotta be a father. And I gotta love you. And I hope I'm an example and I hope you feel love, but I want you to be happy. Marlon, on his Wild Child tour right now. Tickets are on sale@marlonwilliamsofficial.com. Watch his fourth standup special. Good grief on prime video. Marlon Williams, My man. Legendary Talk, bro. Appreciate You. I I just wanna say I'm glad I came to this fine establishment with you, brother, to have this conversation with a real set with fireplace.


Yeah. You know, from one, one legend to a a a a, one big, one day legend. It's good to sit down with people I respect, man. And I, my my man, I love sitting down with you. Yes sir. Get my sick. You tried to take 'em back. I sure did. Damn. Got me. Get my damn liquor All my life. Grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of D. That why all my life I be grinding all my life. Look all my life, grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice.


Hello, it is Ryan And. we could All use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, you know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com, Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today. And unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView senior living.com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.