
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic Bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. Whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today. And unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


Marlon, you made it at Hollywood Party. What going on in these Hollywood parties? I left thoroughly. I've been to plenty Diddy parties. I left early. I'm like, when I hear about him. When did that happen? Yes. At what time did this go down? Yes, because I was there till three 30. You mean? 3 32. So they waited for me to leave. Like all good. That Wayans niggas gone. He talked too much All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice. That's why all my life I been grinding all my life. Look all my life. Been grinding all my life.


Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price. Won a slice. Hello. Welcome to another episode of Club Shehe. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe. The guy that's stopping by for conversation in the drink today is one of the most recognized, respected, and successful comedic actors of his generation. He has over 30 years in the entertainment industry. He's contributed to several iconic movie Cult Classic and TV shows. We're gonna discuss those. He's a bankable star. His films have grossed over 1 billion global box office dollars. He's a writer, producer, standup comedian, and a Hollywood actor.


He's an all around entertainer, top rated comedic icon. A member of the legendary, he's the youngest member of the Legendary Way Family Empire that revolutionized the world of entertainment. He's an OG in the game. Here he is, ladies and gentlemen. Marlon Wayan. Thank you. Damn. After that intro, I I'm ready to retire. I ain't know I did all that. You did all that, man. Damn, You did all that. All that. Damn. It's crazy Bro. Thanks for coming on man. I really appreciate that. Thank you man. You know when people come on my show, I have my own cognac. Yeah, I know. Called Sha by La Portier and it's VSOP. Yeah. One best, best. Took a couple, several awards, but I seen a lot of people drink that shit and start talking crazy.


So I'm gonna wait Or you gonna call crazy? I call it crazy juice. I'm gonna wait a second and then, okay. Actually, nah, you know, I I, I'll I'll have one with you brother. Here you go. You promoting your, your product. I, I have to take a sip. Let people know how it then. Mm. That's nice. You know it's missing what? To missing some cigars. So I figure I bring you some of my cigars, brother. 'cause I know you black, black and miles, but we gonna get you off them black and mild. Okay? This, This you, this me legal tte, one of my partnerships right here. Got into the cigar game and you know, it's a, some, a beautiful box.


This is the, the, the, the, the nice yazaki right there. Some ya cas. So that's for you brother. I appreciate that. Smoke One. I, I'll send you a mailbox too. Make sure y'all check it out And do it with this paired with this as a great pairing. Boom. Look at that. Two successful black men doing successful things. There you go. Woo. That that crazy juice hitching the chest. Boy man, that, That, that trouble that little bit right There. You fired it up later. Yeah. You are the youngest Yes. Of 10. Yeah. You mentioned that how you grew up. Your family's very close. They're everybody. 10 comedians. So I basically, I'm the butt Of all joke. So they they worked on their material on you, huh?


Yeah, That I, I know how to take a joke. That's why I'm so patient. That's why I'm like, you know, I don't get in no trouble or nothing. 'cause I know how to like, I, I could take it. I could take a hit. So with all 10 of you guys, 'cause I know Keenan is the second, what they call the knee baby. He's the second oldest. Yes. And then, excuse me, Keenan was so successful, he made my oldest brother. We discounted that nigga was like, mm. Nobody was listening to Dwayne. Just Keenan? No, Keenan. Keenan. Keenan was my, my parents. They, my mom called. He was, we called him John boy. Okay. Because, you know, he was that, that pioneer that came out here and, and, and set the trailer blaze for all of us to follow. Right. So what was it like when all with all 10 of you guys in the house at one particular time?


'cause I know Keenan's about 15 years older than you. I don't know how old, the oldest brother I was the baby. So I don't And. we only had a four bedroom, a four bedroom apartment in the projects in New York. And my parents, I think my mom didn't wanna get pregnant no more. So she was like, Negro, you sleep in that room, I'm gonna sleep in this room. Right. So then it was me and my brothers and sisters and boys in that room. Girls in that room and bunk beds. It looked like a, a a modern day slave ship. And, and so I don't know if we as I mean in a black family, you don't know if we all there at one time. Right. I had sisters that, you know, somebody got arrested. I got sisters that was having babies. So they moved out and then Keenan went to college and Damon, who knows what Damon did.


Damon probably ran away and did something crazy. So it was like in and out. But the family home was always there. Right. So what was, so what was it like for you being the baby? Because there's a expectation the mom's like, okay, when you have older, older siblings. Yeah. They look after the baby. They basically raised the baby. Yeah. The older kids. Yeah. Was it like that for you and your family? Yes, but no. My mother was very, you know, hands on hands. But there was certain things like she didn't do. Like my mother at a point, she stopped cooking. We became like elves. Like if she stopped cooking, she stopped cleaning. Everybody had a day. Right. You know, my mother had basically a cleaning service. I had to do laundry.


I would take all the fam 10 Negroes laundries on my back. No, we didn't have a cart. Right. The laundrymat was like five blocks away. My friends used to call me black, black Santa Claus. 'cause I would have this laundry. Right. And I would take five trips, 10 trips, back and forth, back and forth doing the family laundry. Right. My mother raised us to be independent. I had a day in the kitchen, you know, it got to a point, I was like a go main chef. Keenan and Damon would come home from California and I would run to the store. My brother Sean And, we go get food and me and my gift to my brothers for being so good to us. I would always cook them something I had my daddy's big drawers on because we were poor. And my brother used to say, you can see your little ding D threw the hole.


Because my father had to, we had a safety pin. Right. And because we was poor and I would just be in there chefing up and cooking them French toast. And, and Sean would always have that seat right next to Kenan. And I used to be so jealous 'cause I used to want that, that seat. But I was, I was busy cooking, you know what I mean? That was, that was my contribution. What was the typical meal like for 10? For Well 12. 'cause your mom and dad and you got 10 brothers and sisters in the house. So how much was being cooked? What was being cooked? Whatever we had Depends. Some days you had steak. Some days we had Chuck come on man. It wasn't no sir line Wasn't no Wagyu, no real, ain't No a 5 1 9.


It was chuck ground. Chuck put some peppers and onions on it. But most of the time it was what we had. My father was funny. Me and my brothers be teasing. 'cause my dad, my sister became like vegan. She went to Wesleyan University. She came back and she had this vegan diet. And my father's like, that's a great idea. So now we was vegan and everything was rice. And he would look in the closet and there'd be nothing in there. And he'd be like, whatever it was, we have some string beans, we got some cornbread. And, we got sha lard. All right. And rice. We're gonna have a nice cornbread string. Bean, lard, rice. And that was it.


We were mixing up, me and my brothers were so poor. I remember one time my sister Nadia created this meal called Mulla Mush. And it was basically flour, salt, pepper, water and lard. And you cook it up and you make it like a little pancake. Okay. And, we call it moula mush. We, we'd have, we didn't have the good cereal. Right. The moment that you have like, you know, frost name brand nigga puffs, wheat puffs, like it wasn't the sugar crisp in the bag, the big ass bag. It wasn't sugar, super sugar crisp.


Nah. We had the dry ones that you had to add the sugar in to your wal to your milk. Got gray. Like we grew up poor. I wouldn't take back my childhood from nothing as hard as it was. You know what we had, we had love. And when children have love and they have that security and I had something that a lot of people on my block didn't have. I had a mother that cared for us and I had a father. The importance of a father, a man that is there, there was times I'd be like, nigga, why don't you leave my mother curse this negro out every day. I thought my father's name was motherfucker till I was like nine years old. I thought, Hey motherfucker gotta get some money for school, please.


My mother frustration, poverty. A lot of arguments was poverty. Make people argue. Yeah. So it was the security. And my mother wanted what's best for her children. I'm not mad at my mama for arguing with my daddy. I just accept on school night, say this shit for the weekend. So I, so I, good night, good night, rest for school and you wonder why I'm bringing home these. And so my, my parents argued a lot, but they stayed together. And I think that that was important for my family. Growing up in the projects where there's a lot of broken families, the difference between my family and a lot of families out there. We had a father and a mother.


My mother used to watch us from the window sill. There's a black window sill. My mama had black elbows, light-skinned women. Black elbows. Why? Because my mother would sit there on the window sill with her elbows and watch her babies play all day, all day. Kenan, I I don't do that. Don't cross that street like that Sean. I nope. Don't you fight that boy. You know, he too big for you Damon. Don't you kick that cat? What if that cat kicked you? Would you like that? My mother would discipline us from the window because she kid, my father, we knew we had, we had to answer to to two things.


We had to answer to my father and God And, we fed my father more 'cause God don't have a belt belt. My father, he whoop our ass so bad that his belt was tired. His belt was like, and I hate when he pull out that, that ironing cord. I used to hate that. But we used to always laugh. We used to listen to each other, get our ass whooped. And then my sister, we'd come out crying and we'd have welts all over us and my sister be like, wel. That's all I got to say. Hey man, this is a real fire. It's hot. Well we knew you were gonna come back. I didn't Know it was a real fire. I thought that was like some, no, no, that's not, that's real. One of them bullshit ones in campus.


You got real ass fire here. Maybe it's the eating and dish. What's this called? Shade by la Porter. It's The Shea Bali Poitier. That's what it is. Lemme ask you this. Yes sir. How different do you think, how different do you think your life would've been had you not had nine other brothers and sisters including yourself? Let's just say for the sake of argument, you got four. Do you think, because I think it was really hard. Your dad probably, you say they argued. Argued a little bit. Yeah. I don't know how much, but let's just say for the sake of argument, there's only three kids. Do you think it'll probably been easier with the argument your father to leave but because he's like, I can't leave this woman with 10 kids. My father wasn't left with three kids.


My father, my father was a guy, raised my father. Okay. You know, my father didn't have a, a father like that. Okay. You know, God raised my father to the point to where my father knew the Bible so well. He could quote a scripture, I need a scripture on love. Corinthians 13, seven, chapter four. Love is patient love is kind love. My father knew that book because, and why? He said, because God's in that book. And my father died. He said, if you ever want to know me, get to know my father. Whenever you miss me, I'm in that book right there. So sometimes at night when I can't sleep, 'cause my daddy gone.


I picked that book up and those words screamed to me as my father talking to me. And my mother was different. My mother was like, she wasn't je whole witness. My mother was like, she's baptism. And mamas would tell me, no, let me tell you something. God ain't just in that book. 'cause she, his Bible was like the king. Nah, it wasn't like, 'cause you know the Joe Witness got they own version. He did. Yes. You know, it's translated my mother's like, no, the King James version. What about the Koran? What about the my There's god in every book. So if you ever wanna find me and I'm gone. I ain't Justin Bible. I'm in every book. So now nigga, I can't even pick up Green Eggs and ham mama in that book too.


Ham. I'm all over the Place. Ham ma spelled Backward when I look at you for the most part. So my father wouldn't have left no matter what. No Matter what. One kid, 10 kids, he 15, he's dead. Lemme tell you something, my daddy, Howard Waynes was a man. So much so that my daddy raised kings, you know, we are successful because we was raised right? We had a mother that loved us and a father that protected us and respected And. we, we had something to answer to besides them. God, my parents did a great job. How do you get all these successful children? My parents did a great job. And then Keenan was the pioneer to go, this is what we could do.


But my parents, Howard Waynes and Aya Waynes, they were them. I, I have a special good grief on Amazon Prime right now where I pay homage to my parents. And you know, that was a very hard time losing my parents. Kill me, broke me up. How about this? Did you have an appreciation for your parents then, like you do now? Because a lot of times when you're going through it, you then they're telling you things, man, you don't know what you're talking about. I'm a, you know, so forth and so on. I don't think I had the appreciation. I understood what my grandmother, my grandfather was doing for me. But I don't, I didn't get an appreciation, a true appreciation till I left the house and I got on my own and I could hear everything they had ever said to me as a child being replayed in my head.


I think in some cases, yes, I think that, like my mother used to always give us business advice. Okay. My mother would be like, you gotta buy this. You gotta buy real estate. You have. And when my mother talked, she, she told you like this something about the way my mama talked. It was just very annoying. And I'd just be like, I don't like the way you said it. You know what I mean? Like, you know you Right. She'd be like, you see that house that abandoned building, Keenan, you need to buy that marlin. You see that crack house right there? That crack house is going to be worth millions. You see that abandoned building where the prostitutes is coming out of Damon. You need to buy that. She tell us this in New York City, in the meat packing district, do you know what them crack houses is now townhouses?


Yes. That's worth $15 million. Yes. You know those buildings, that was probably worth a million dollars that the prostitutes was sucking dingling in. Yeah, that building's probably worth $50 million. My mother was brilliant, my parents were very smart and I always respected my parents. 'cause my daddy taught me a scripture in the Bible. And I've, I actually get a tattoo across my chest. You honor thy mother and father for thy days on this earth will be longer. And what that scripture means is basically man trust that God gave you great parents. Trust that whatever journey they gave you that you got to honor them.


I don't care if your daddy wasn't in your life, maybe your daddy knew he wasn't shit. And he, he decided to go. But he at least he made you. Even in that case, I'd be grateful for my father. The scripture is just about being grateful and honoring. I honor my parents now with my walk as a father. I honor them. I I take care of my kids. I'm a man. I am a man. My brother's a man. My father raised good men. My mother raised good women and good men. And, we take pride in our family. You know what I mean? And I honor my parents and I always have to the point when my mom lived on the west coast, I'd fly home every Monday after a gig.


I don't care where I was in the world. I'd fly home off that gig. I'd be tired of shit. As soon as I get off the plane, Hey woman, get dressed. We going on today. Oh, where we going? Don't worry. We going, I want some steak. All right, well let's go get some steak. I want that wagu you. It is wagu. I don't care what is, I know it's $250 a steak. I go take her to eat. I pick her up and my mother will you put her walker down. And she put all that 270 pounds on me and I'm walking lopsided and my mother's walking with pride. Like my baby got me. I put her in the car or I throw in. 'cause she was heavy. And then she would laugh. She'd be like, you always throwing me in the car. And I put my mother's seatbelt on her. I would snap it, I'd drive to the restaurant.


I hold my mama's hand, we'd laugh, we talk, we'd get out that car. The valet would come to open her door and pull out her cane. My mother said, nah, don't do that. My son likes to take care of me. And then I would open the door for her and then I would grab her. I would take and she would hold me. We'd walk to the restaurant. We'd order her food. I I order her a little bit of sugar just to pinch. I order something healthy 'cause she had diabetes. And then I take her home and after I took her home, I drop her off. She make me go get a mail. My mother, she walked, she walked the wheels off you before. Go get my my mail. Come on mama. You ain't got nothing but sweepstakes and bills.


I know, but I could win something one day. So I get her, her her, her mail and that would frustrate me. And I'd take her and she'd get in the elevator and I tell her when she get home, I say, when you get on that balcony, you come outside, lemme see your face before I drive off. And I would sit there and I wait till my mother came out and she'd be on the balcony like a little schoolgirl. I'm safe. And to see her glove that she went on this date and this romantic date. 'cause my mother was on romantic. My father unfortunately wasn't, wasn't but her boys. She raised us to be romantics. And as soon as I pull off, I get that phone call from my mama. I had a wonderful time. You sure know how to date a gal.


You must get you a lot of ass boy. I do. All right mama. I do. All right. So lemme ask you as far as dressing, because you, most of you guys are kind of very similar in stature. It's not like one is is 6 5, 300 pounds and the other is five seven a hundred and thirty five. Yeah. So you probably was wearing Dwayne and, and and Keenan and, and Damon. So did you get any new clothes? No. And this Damon's right here. This Sean, these Kenny shoes. I shit ain't got my own shoes.


No. Sometimes I would my mother on Easter Okay. She would scrounge up some money and give us like a hundred dollars to go get our own little Easter house outfit. Okay. So that, and then my dad would give us a little bit of money for like school clothes, but only in the beginning of school. Yeah. And it was like he'd give us like $32 And. we have to go get three outfits. I remember one time me and Sean was like, forget the outfits. We this when Shell Adidas was back out, we came with our she Adidas, we were so happy. And my dad said, wear the rushing the clothes. We, we, we wear what we got. We always wear hand me downs. Anyway. But take, take those back to the store now.


Took 'em back to the store. We came back with Adidas with no shells. And, we had a pair of pants. And. we had, you know, we feeling outside. We had a shirt now. Okay, And. we thought my dad be happy. Where's the rest of the clothes? What that was, we got this clothes, this is all the outfit we need. We wear this for five days a week. We'll swap me and Sean. No, he took us down to the supermarket and got us those freezer sneakers. You know the ones that be by them in the meat section? Yeah. Them big boys, they sell sneakers in the supermarket. And these had no grip. And they had, man, we man we, they had no, we no, no arch support.


These shoes And. we wore the, the brakes off these shoes. And when he bought us corduroy pants, we had like 13 outfits. Yeah. And some shitty shoes. And so that's why as a grown man, like I don't, I don't own a lot of like jewelry and things like that. Right. You know, I own a lot of clothes. Right. I buy clothes and shoes. I, I own 1500


Philadelphia cream cheese. Makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key line pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go. Score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources. C dk g.co/ft ball l plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Every sandwich has bread. Every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best. The filet of fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu Limited time only price and participation may vary. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


Bottom Hundred pair sneakers. And I own a lot of clothes. I used to work in clothing stores 'cause I used to dream. I worked in Barneys, New York, I worked in Foot Locker, I worked in US Athletics, I worked in Athletes' Foot, I loved clothing. Right? My whole life, right? I love clothing because I was like, one day when I get money, I'm a dress nice And then, and I now I have like a lot of clothes and now I'm 52 and I'm like, I don't want none of this shit. I'm selling all my clothes. I'm getting rid of all my sneakers. I wanna live a minimalist lifestyle because I just want to enjoy the, the really valuable things in life, which is life, not stuff right?


I can't take stuff with me. Ain't none of that I can take to heaven. I just want to enjoy, collect as many smiles as I can, do as much great work as I can. Grow as a artist, a man grow spiritually and just become the best version of Marlon that I could be. When did you realize that all those sneakers, all those clothing didn't really make Marlon Williams happy? Wow. When did you have that epiphany? Where were you at when you sat down? It's like, damn, I got all of these shoes. I got 1500 pair, I got clothing, this got this, whatever. I ain't happy with this issue. I think when my parents died, when my parents died, it gave me a clarity of what real, yeah and what real, what life really means.


None of that stuff means anything. You can't take it with you. My parents, my mother collected everything. She has all the pictures. She can't take it with her. The only thing she could take with her is the smiles. That's all the love. That's all that stuff. It don't mean nothing. What? Who are we trying to impress? That's not going to do nothing. You know what I'm trying to leave behind. I smiles. So that's why when I'm on a set and I'm doing comedy, yeah I will do absolutely anything damn near light myself on fire for a laugh. 'cause when I'm gone I'm leaving behind smiles and every time somebody smile on something I did that was classic. That's why I don't make comedies. We try to make classics.


30 years later you could watch a Wayans brother something and you still gonna laugh like it's your first time seeing it. 'cause we don't do jokes, we do classics. I wanna leave behind that is the legacy Smiles. I watch, I love Lucy and I smile, right? I watch the honeymoon list, I smile, I watch, you know all these great artists you know. And I Pryor, I watch his specials and I smile and I laugh and they're living through that. So those are the things that's important to me. Not stuff to the point. Shannon. I got robbed and it's funny, I realized I ain't got shit.


There was nothing to take. Your house got mad. These niggas should have bought me something came over and gave me. He at least take this bottle man. I didn't have shit. They, they, you know what? They took my guns. That's all they took was my guns. The guns I would've shot them with. Had you been home. I've been on. It's the only thing they took. 'cause I ain't got shit. I ain't got no watches. I ain't got no change. I ain't got shit. Everything in my house that's valuable is heavy. You could take the house, go for it, put that on a flatbed truck, go for it. You won my G but I ain't got shit. But the only thing that's valuable to me is the smiles and the lives.


And those are things I'm gonna die for. I don't care about the stuff. Take all 'em sneakers. I don't give you a hell. I'll put 'em in boxes for you. Right. Leave 'em by front. Take them. Trying to get rid of all this bullshit. 'cause none of it means anything. I ain't got nothing. I got the valuable things. I got these smiles, I got these laughs. I got these jokes. Were you guys always funny? Did where did you get that sense of humor? Is it your mom? Is it your dad? Because it's hard to have so many people from one family. And all of you are comics, comedians. You tell stories. Were you, did you guys always have this ability?


Honestly, yes. Everybody in my family is funny. I got four sisters. Y'all ain't never seen These women are hilarious. Like you could just sit around them. They funny as hell and and they ain't gotta worry about getting canceled so they say whatever, whatever. Fuck on their mind. They just say it. They funny man. My mother was brilliant. My mother was the funniest person. I, my mother could walk in a room, assess the room and like the Terminator, she sees every flaw that you have. And in a snap she could talk about you like a dog.


She smile on on your face soon as you walk away. Yeah, that bitch, she had the joke. That was awful. What she had, She had the jokes. And my father was silly and I, but he was annoying, right? But he wasn't funny. He was silly. And so I think what happened was my father was being silly. He got on my mother's nerve. She cursed them out and made, that was funny. Then they had sex and then they made us, and that's the formula for how the Waynes was crafted. But then everybody in my house was funny. And then Keenan showed us, he unlocked the superpower. It was like, oh, when I saw Keenan on the Tonight Show, Johnny Carson, I was maybe six and my brother, we had a black and white TV with a antenna that was broken with knobs that wasn't working.


We had to turn it with a can opener that we put on it. Or a pliers. Pliers. Yes. And. we had a hanger. Yeah. Hanging out a bit. Yeah. My whole family in the kitchen gathered around this table looking at Keenan on Johnny Carson. And then after Keenan did his set, Johnny Carson called him to the couch. 'cause that's when NBC Johnny was like, he's funny, right? And when he called you the couch to the couch, you was getting a deal, right? So when Keenan got called to the couch, man, it was like we won a lotto. We was like, yes Lord. It was like, like something outta good times. Oh Lord, we done did it. Damn damn damn And. we was so proud.


But in my head as a little boy, I sat there and was like, oh my God. 'cause I used to have dreams of doing it, but I was like, oh my God, you mean I could actually have a dream and I can make it happen. My brother is on TV right now. And right then and there it was like, I don't have to dream no more. This is my new reality. So from there, me and Shawn, we, we've been studying comedy since we was five and six years old. We watched the Honeymooners, we watched Abbott and Costello every Sunday. We watched the Three Stooges. We watch everything because we used to dream one day we going to have our own TV show, right?


And one day we had our own TV show because my brother showed us that we could do it. And then the dreams is reality. Simple. Was Keenan always one of your biggest role models? Because I tell people all the time, I never looked outside of my house for a role model. I had my brother and I had my grandfather. That's what I said. So every man and the only man that I ever wanted to be like was my brother and my grandfather. Absolutely. I I am the luckiest kid alive. You know, I grew up in the house with five legends. All the people I wanted to be like was in my household. Keenan Damon, Kim Damon, My mother, my father, my big sisters, you know, Deidre, Avara, Devon, Nadia, they all Kim, they all raised me.


And I'm so lucky that I had those examples in front of me and to be the baby, because I get to go, mm, I'm gonna do like that. Mm, I ain't going to do that. Mm. I'm gonna do that Hollywood thing. That crack thing. I don't think that's a good thing. You know, crack didn't work out good for Dwayne work that, but this, this acting thing for Keenan boom, I get to make the choices of what works and what don't work. Right? But even my big brother Dwayne, we were lucky. All my heroes was in my household. And I always say, how lucky am I if you was the, if people can die and come back as something I suggest you came back as me. I had a stellar childhood.


I knew Eddie Murphy came to my projects when I was eight years old. We sitting there, Eddie Murphy, the biggest star in the world. 'cause Keenan had was working with him on raw, right? And he had a DA deal on Eddie Murphy production. Right? So Eddie Murphy was in our house. I remember he had these cow skin pants on Nick and every time he sat down, me and my brother Sean, were going move you. You wanna move for some steak tonight? Shawn And. we cracking jokes that my nephew Craig just kept punching Eddie in the stomach. And Eddie was like, Hey Kenan, come get this kid And. we snapped on Eddie all night and God bless Eddie Murphy. God bless that man 'cause his pants cost more than everything in my household, including us.


But he never struck back. He gave us autographs, you know, he said to Marlon, go be great to Sean, be free to Craig. When you get older, I'm gonna punch you in your face. I've known Robert Townsend still like a big brother. I've known Robert since I was like seven, eight years old. You know what I mean? I had legends in my household. He used to come over and play a fake, a fake trumpet. He, the first time I was ever on stage, we was out in California visiting my brother Keenan. He flew us out one, one winter on an airliner. He this, when he first started getting money, he had a little house in Hollywood on Fountain and he put us on this plane.


And, we ain't never been on a plane before. All we knew was the projects, right? He put us on this plane, CSUN Airline. It wasn't a nigga that put us on Delta. No it wasn't American Airline. He put us on CSUN Airline, which is basically like the spirit's little broke ass brother. We get on an airplane and it takes off and the wing catches fire. Oh. And then the other wing catches fire And. we look, we ain't never been on a plane before. We looking out the window like, Hey guys, look at the Jets on fire. No, we didn't know it was on fire. We thought that's how it's supposed to be. We was like, this is a rocketing ship.


Everybody put seatbelt on and bank emergency landing. Damn. That was your first time on The plane and that's what happened. Yes, but we didn't know. We thought that was supposed to happen. And then we came out to California. Robert was doing a set at the improv and he was doing this character, uncle character Oh man. And he bought me key da me, my nephew Damien, my nephew Craig and my brother Sean on the stage. And he did this sketch with us. And that, that's like, those are like great memories. Like I, I grew up on a set of Robert Townsend's partners in crime. He would give us jobs, he would let us write sketches. I'm writing sketches at 12, 13 years old.


I'm featured in the sketch. We had easy listening and hip hop, you know, the the, he let us be in sketches. I met John Witherspoon, John Witherspoon Wass playing the drunk at in the, on at a cowboy scene. And he like, look them niggas is coming. And he was running And. we was like, that's a funny dude. When we get a a show that's gonna be our father. I had a wonderful childhood. I can only do legendary things because I grew up, I was raised by legends, By legendary People.


Yes, NFL week one is here and in new season mean new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL fans have spoken. We wanna bet touchdowns Draft King heard us and is delivering DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to do a touchdown dance of your own new Draftking customers bet $5 to get 250 in bonus bets instantly. Plus one month of NFL plus premium on us. Draft King sports book app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month of NFL plus premium on us. Offer ends nine 19 only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and at 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling called 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org 18 and over in most eligible states. But age varies by jurisdiction. Eligibility restrictions apply one per customer. Enter the best ball. $15 million contest by 9 5 24 to get one bonus entry, $20 entry fee required. Reward expires at contest lock on 9 5 24. See terms at DraftKings dot com slash dfs.


Keenan's off doing this. So Keenan is having success at a very, very young age. So what Was actually, no, not too young. Keenan was about I think when it all started happening for Keenan, how much Keen, How much older is Keenan than you? 15. 15 Years. 15 years. So he's 67. Yeah. So when you're like, so he's 24, 25 when you Yeah, he's about 27, 20 when he really hit it was like 28, 30 when he did I'm gonna get you sucker. Sucker. And then when living color, you know, hit he was just right Off. So what were you like in high school? Got a big brother that's making what, what he, but he's having not the success like he had with Living Color, not the success that he has. I gonna get you sucker, but he's having some level of success.


What were you like in school? Did you like man, my big brother out in Hollywood later for y'all? I was cocky. I knew I was gonna make it. I knew I was gonna make it like in high school especially come high school and I was in performing arts high school. Okay. You know, it's funny like my, yes I would, I my brothers was famous by the time I got to high school. Okay. Right. Yeah. They were doing stuff. I'm gonna get Hollywood Shuffle. Came out my freshman year of high school and I remember 'cause I went to perform Arts high school and my dad Joe Witness, he was a homo folk. He didn't want me to go to perform Arts high school 'cause he was watching Fame. Yeah. Okay. This nigga thought I was gonna be Leroy. Like he don't want me wearing tights and I don't know corn.


I don't want you doing that. And my, he said you can't go to that school. And my brother Keenan, he was about your size at the time. He said he is gonna go to that school. He said he's not going to audition. He said, I'm not gonna let your homophobia stop that little man's dreams. He's gonna go to that audition and if he gets in, he's gonna go. If not, then you're gonna have to answer to me. And I got into school. Wow. And that was the day I realized my dad was a bitch ass nigga because The shit outta Him.


Yeah. So yeah, I, I I had a level of confidence. You know, I, and I wouldn't say cockiness, I just knew I knew what it was going to be. I knew my brothers was successful. I Hollywood shuffle then I'm gonna get you sucker. We used to wear it. I'm gonna get you sucker jacket in school. Right. My friend Omar Fs used to borrow it from me. You know, like, I remember like going to college. I'm in college, I'm at Howard University and living colors on the air. I'm in living colors, brother at a, a black university. Sunday comes, everybody, everybody stops. What they doing? We run like roaches. We've ran, run to our thing. Everybody front of the TV And watch that TV. And then when it's done, came out laughing And, we talk about it, it and those was my, so much so that the professors sometime at Howard, this is why I left.


It is a lot of stress. You know, they be teaching all these classes and be like, you know, let's talk about minstrels and buffoonery it living color. Is it a modern day? Minstrel, you gonna put this? Is it Marlin? And I'm like, you putting me on blast? And I'm in school and I'm like, then after, after class brother want to hand me a script here. Can you get that to Kenan for me? Oh, you done tied the before then gimme a script. You don't get your ass outta here. That's the way you left. I been, I I read your GPA wasn't that up, up the no First I, I'll be, let me take a shot. I'll keep it reading. We going talk about some hard questions. You know, let me get a shot of this.


I, I will tell you my GPAI was very smart until I got to college. And it wasn't that I wasn't smart, it's just I didn't apply myself. My first semester. I got a one six in classes. How you get one six, but I had a, I had a 3.8 and partying, right? I could party my ass or I learned how much to drink, how many hits of the weed before made me dizzy with the combination. You know what I mean? Who's gonna gimme some who wasn't. I, I I, and I remember I bought that great home and Keenan said Keenan was paying for my college. And he said, all right, well you ain't gonna mess up my money and you pay for your own college now.


I said, what? I started sweating. I was like, oh shit, I gotta pay for my own college. And so from then on I pulled in three point sixes 'cause it was my money, right? I wasn't gonna mess that money up. Yeah. And the reason why I left wasn't because first of all, my brother hated the fact that I went to college. They was like, come join the family business. Right? Come join the family business. We have a living color on the air. My brother Sean was like, yo, let's do our sketches. Let's do this. I I was like, I said no. I said no. I said, I love you, but I gotta be me. Mm. If I do it y way, I can't be me.


You know how hard it is to come after Keenan Ivory, Wayans, Damon Wayans, Kim Williams, Sean Wayans, then Marlon. And the only thing that I had was my own life experience. I had to do my thing differently. So I wanted to go to Howard to learn to be a man outside of my brothers to be my own. For me it was like Michael from the Godfather going to the army. I'm, I, I know there's a purpose for why I'm going to do this, but I need to go do this for me. And I remember I wrote my brother Sean, like a 10 page letter. And I was so sad because I knew what we were supposed to do. But I knew I, he thought I was going back for a girl. And I was like, no, I'm going back to getting Marlon.


And so I went back, I got a 3 6, 3 0.6 GPA. I did some film projects and I was like, I, then I got more money and people think I was gifted more money. I wasn't, I wasn't even on the list, right? Damon wanted Kadeem Hardison right now, mind you, I'm auditioning for stuff. I'm getting movies and turning them down. I got like five movies turning them down to go back to school. Then that more money audition came and Damon was like, look nigga, I don't want you, I mean you could work, but I ain't gonna get your hopes up high and have you committing suicide when you don't get this part. He said, I want Kadeem Hardison but Kadeem, he's doing a different world and I ain't got different world money.


And then, so there's this kid CLA Brooks, he got little ears, but he looks like me. He got pretzel ears, but he looks like me and the studio likes him. So if you gonna come in, you better come with that done though. And he said, no, I don't want you to worry about making these white boys laugh. Don't worry about the studio. You worry about making this nigga laugh. 'cause I don't find nothing funny. And I knew what that meant. In order to make Damon laugh, he wrote his words. Damon wanted me to bring the writer out. So I had to sit there and punch up what he wrote. And, if you look at my script for more money, I had all these different notes.


Never the black, always the red, never the, I came up with all these improvs. I barely did anything on the script. And when I, they and Omar was on the Omar Epps, my, my best friend to this day came on the audition with me. He was like, you got this. He's like, I'm, I don't even know why the fuck I auditioned. He's like, this is yours. I went in there auditioned, I blazed it. And Dam was like, he never gives you credit. He goes, I said, was it funny? He goes, you made the white boys laugh and you got the part. And I was like, oh shit. And that's when I left Howard because I was like, I'm on my way to do what I love to do for a living and I'm making money doing it.


And that's when I was like, fuck your school In the beginning.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it's adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Every sandwich has bread, every burger has a bun. But these warm golden smooth steam buns, these are special reserved for the very best, the filet of fish. And you, you can have them too For a limited time. The classic filet of fish you love is joining your McDonald's favorites on the two for 3 99. Menu limited time only price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Single item at regular price.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Did people feel that you got roles or Sean got roles or anybody in the family got roles because of your big brother To this day? And I laugh, They still don't want to give you credit for what? The work that you Put in. No, they, they just, you know, haters gonna hate. Haters is going to hate. Hate is a business. It's a big business in hate. You can hate, but you can't discredit my accolades. You don't know my journey. You don't know. I didn't. I wasn't just some dude that got put into stuff. I need you to go look at the credits. I've been writing movies since I was 19 years old. Me and Sean created Wayans Brothers when we was like 20, 22.


Right? Don't be a menace, scary movie. Me and Sean and Keenan wrote that scary movie. Two. Me and Sean and Keenan with a few other writers. But these are ideas. But we came up with Sean came up with a lot of these ideas. Scary movies. Like, don't Be a Menace. Sean came up with Scary Sean, don't get enough credit. Scary movie. Don't be a menace. White Chicks. Those are Sean's ideas. Me, I'm an executor. We execute it together. I know funny characters. I know how to do situations. We all have gifts. And Keenan, he knows how to put it all together and see it from a macro point of view and work the shit out. You lemme tell you something they can hate.


All they want all my brothers do is lent me opportunity. And that's a gift and a curse because when you're our age, see when they came up, you got 30 years, 20 years to make it an under. And in comedy you found your point of view. You've been on a stage, you know how to make people laugh. You can sit on a couch and you can make people laugh when you're doing Johnny Carson. You can go in any room and kill it. You can. You learn how to act. You had 20 years and now finally you get this opportunity. Me and Shawn didn't have 20 years. We got pushed into Hollywood, 17 and 18 years old. And all we had was instincts from being from a funny family.


And then over time, that's why first seasons of Williams brother, we were just too, we was just gunning. We didn't understand story. We didn't understand how to fix things. We just knew we were funny. And. we had to make it funny. And then season three, you watch it start. Yeah, because we started getting better. Right? And then if you watch the progression of the movies, we started getting better. Now at 52, I finally have 30 years in the business. So everything that I've done for me and all that learning now is my time. You gonna judge me? I want you to judge me now because I'm five specials in working on my six one. I'm a different animal because I'm not just a comedian.


Right. I'm a damn good actor. I act the shit out. I, I could act. I got pain. I, I could, when y'all see my dramatic work that's coming this year, y'all gonna be like, yo, I'm telling you now I have 10,000 hours logged in five different disciplines. I'm gonna be a, I'm a monster right now, bro. Like, and I see it, right? I could do characters, I could do deep character. I can, I can do characters dramatically. I could do 'em funny. I can, I can do so much. And now I'm gonna showcase all that. Everything else was learning. So yes, my brothers gave me opportunity, but there was a gift and a curse. You absolutely have. And it was a very hard ride for me and Sean.


And you know what got us through is our work ethic. 'cause my brothers wasn't easy on us. My brother, we got to a living color. They was like, we ain't writing for Keenan's little talented brothers. And this Keenan Damon saying that shit, Man. I thought, man, I thought that was rough. We Had a, I'm serious. Me and Sean, we every sketch on living color, the Def Jam sketch Shaa ranks Mr. Ugly man, me and Sean stayed up. Snuffing wrong, stayed up. We spent the night at In living color, learning to write, spent the night 'cause nobody would write for us. We spent the night there writing those sketches. And then when they got on we had to go execute them.


Nobody wrote for us. We created our TV show. No, I remember when we left in Living Color 'cause Fox was syndicating the show and it was Kurt and Keenan Kins. And Keenan was like, nah, you ain't gonna do this to me. And my family said, fuck this money And. we all left in living color. There's an episode of Living Color where we got black shades on. It's a Christmas episode. Jamie Fox is singing. He's singing Hang all the missile toes this Christmas. Yes. And me and my family, we got black glasses on And. we sitting there like this as a family. Right. Because we protesting And. we going You ain't gonna fuck my brother. We a family. You touch one, you touch all your money.


I'm sorry. They bet they was offering us big checks. Yeah. $70,000 checks to stay on that show. I'm still a brother after this. No, I'm gonna support my brother And. we all left the show and that's why season five it got weird. It got Bismarck and God bless Chris Rock. He came at the wrong time. But, and as brilliant as he is, you couldn't save it because the eyes of the show is gone. You understand the heartbeat of this. Yes. The eyes, the vision. You can't replicate weighing shit. And anytime they try, you're gonna fail you. They've done other movies trying. You can't People taste that shit that ain't weighs can't do what we do.


'cause you ain't got my life experience. You don't have my point of view. You didn't grow up with the people I grew up with. You don't understand how life has carved me. As a visionary, you can't take the flavor. You can't. I could give you all the seasoning. Right. I give you all what's in it. You don't know how much to put. You don't know what kind of Flo I'll give you the right flour. You don't know how long to cook that chicken. You don't know how much of that garlic powder you gotta put in there. I give you the hot sauce. It's Frank's. I ain't going to make you be able to make my chicken. And that's what comedy is. And with my brothers, when we left in living color, I had seven thou, I had $700 in the bank and $900 rent.


I was broke. And me and my brother Sean was looking at each other like, what are we going to do now? My brother Sean was depressed. He would sit in the room with lights out and he played Christmas music. 'cause whenever he get upset, 'cause Christmas was a happy time was right When we get upset, they play that Christmas music. And I would come down with the, we always had a a, the bottle of Diet Pepsi And. we, when they had the 120 ounce of Dye Pepsi. And I would sit there like we did a lemon color and I would, he had a brand new computer and I was sitting there working on S Brothers. And then one day he came out the room in this robe and he said, what you doing stupid? I said, I'm working on a TV show. And the first thing he read was interior outside.


He said, stupid. How you have interior you outside. He said, move over. And then we sat down And, we created our show. Wayne's brothers, nobody gave us nothing. And my brothers, when we did don't BMS Keen made us do 26 drafts. 26 drafts. And then the director, when we finally shot the movie, we, me and Sean would cry, why we doing another draft? We're gonna do it again. It ain't ready yet. Then the director didn't get comedy. Messed the movie up. We screened the movie. It got a terrible rating. And Miramax was like, what are we gonna do? Keenan's? Like, I can fix it. I need a million dollars and I need 10 days of shooting. Bet Keenan said, okay, I got the budget.


I know what to do. Now you guys gotta write a movie. What do you mean gotta write a whole new movie? You fucked this one up. And in one week we had to write a whole damn new movie. It was so much so that I couldn't even think of anything. I I I, I took some hits of weed. Me and my boy got high. Like me and my boy Xavier, I passed him the weed and he took it. He coughed and he threw up Damn. And fell on the floor. And I looked at him, I said, Hey nigga, pass that shit. And. we put it in, don't be a menace. So we wrote all these different sketches, the grandmas break dancing, all these different sketches that we, the getting jumped in.


That became the movie of Don't be a Me. And hadn't we did the 26 drafts prior to that. We could have never showed up to put together that draft in seven days and do what became the classic Don't be a menace. Right. You said he did. Damn. I got stories. Hey, I need a second. Damn. That was, Ah, I look at my face in the mirror and I don't, I don't know. I'm this old. You mentioned that Keenan made you write it 26, rewrite it 26 times. Imagine, I can imagine the length of time that you and Sean spent coming up with the first script.


Yeah. And then to rewrite it. Yeah. And to rewrite it. Yeah. And then say, you know what, y'all messed it up again. So guess what? I got a million dollars from Merrimack. And. we gonna do it again? Yeah. Did you like Man, come on Keenan, bro. The whole time, Let just roll with It. We wanted to fight this nigga. I was like, Sean, you get the legs, I'll kick them in the chest. We was so mad. But you look back and you go, oh, I see why Yoda made us do those things and now we're Jedi. Now I know how to do it now I know. I sit there and I talk, me and Robert Townsend, we have talks from Robert's like, damn little bro, you, you really, you really on on you?


Yeah. And he's like, I'm so proud of you. When they hear that, you know, from my brother, my brother Keenan. But I'm proud of you're doing great work. You know, I I I worked my whole lifetime to be able to hear, I'm proud of you. You're doing great work. My brothers don't, they don't do me. They Don't pass that compliment. Oh, They don't laugh. I go, how'd you like it? I put it on. And when something funny happens, they go, that's funny. Damon just goes, mm. And to hear them go, I'm proud of you. He, when he watched God Loves Me, Damon said, you know, ugly, he did something different. He took one topic and you went in for a whole hour.


He said, I don't think a lot of niggas are special. But that was a spec that was special. He said, that made me, you inspired me. I was Wow. And that's how I knew I was on something. Keenan was like, Damon said, just special was brilliant. I watched it and he was right. And, we said, good job. Beautiful work. And so I know I'm doing the right thing. And it's not like, it's not an accident. I've been trained in ways that y'all don't even, they don't even know. Right. Y'all, I could tell you story after story. I'm, this is 33 years of cooking. I'm telling you this, this next level is we, we, we going ready, we going for the shiny things.


Y'all. They gonna see it. Let, let's get back to, to lemon color. I didn't realize till we were researching this in Living Color was only on four years. Yeah. That might've been the greatest four year run ever in the history ever. That show should still be on. That was a staple. That should been an like Saturday institution. Yes. It's an institution. You know, it's funny is in living Color. I think Damon and Keenan were inspired by Saturday Night Live. And I think Keenan was like, they never have me Yawn. And Damon had just gotten fired from there. And he was like, all right, well I'm gonna do take all this funny shit that I've had.


I'm we going to do it on this show. And he took and all these funny crazy sketches that they wouldn't let him do on SNL and they did it on living Color. And to this day, you know, I've never done SNL Really? I've done daily show. Never. I, I, I guess I'm not hot enough. But, you know, I love the fact that I'm, you know, I'm always gonna be a living color alumni. Right, right. And one day, sometimes I look at God and I go, if the opportunities don't come for you, it's not for you. Right. And maybe it's God telling me, create my own show. Right. Do my own sketches. And, and I could and I will. And I, you know, I just feel like everything is God.


When it don't happen. Don't be mad. God's writing your story. So trust him. We had Tommy Davidson on. Oh that nigga. Now we get into the good stuff. I need another drink. No, he, he Actually, he said, come on, why you Not drinking your own sauce? Neil got me up in here drinking your, the evil juice. And you, you was sitting there watching me. Okay, well hey you, I think you wanted but a little, you know, let's toast. I'm gonna sip this one to success, man. To success. Go talk Shannon. Let's have this thing come just so he can get some promotion to go back. Yep. Right back. Perfect.


Yeah. Tommy said, should We light up a cigar? Hey, I don't, I don't think we smoke here. It's okay. Damn. All good. Tommy said, and I didn't realize, By the way, love Tommy Davidson. Big, big bro. Like he, to me, underrated. That boy should have been one of the biggest movie stars in the world. Yeah. Tommy Davidson is brilliant. Lemme tell you how dope Keenan is. The fact that your eyes for talent that you could make and see talent and greatness and all these people you assembled on the cast, Tommy Davidson, Jim Jim Carey, Jamie David Allen Kreer, Jamie Fox, Kim Wayans, Kelly Cofield, Steve Park, my brother Sean, me, even the babies, J-Lo J-Lo was just like a dancer in the singer.


And Kean was like, you should do more. You were, he would, he knew she was special. Knew it. J-Lo Carrie Naka. If you look at all the writers that made it from in Living color, and they would complain when he made 'em work. But just like when we did those 26 drafts, it prepared them for their evolution and their greatness as writers. 'cause this is what you gotta do. You gotta rewrite. Somebody has to work you and you may not like it and you may resent it, but look at how you're eating. Keenan was a visionary. And Damon, that's what taught me the eyes, Damon, the most magical talent.


Him and my sister Kim, like, but Damon was a comedian. Yeah. I used to watch this man go on stage and the first only thing he wanted to do was he'd go up there and he'd be like, and go behind the curtain. I'm doing the Invisible Comic watch as I scratch my nuts. He would, and he's just playing with the audience because he don't care. Right. He's like, I'm gonna use this time to say fuck you to the audience because now I can create without your judgment. It's the reason why Damon don't do standup nowadays. He feels people are too judgmental and he's right. You can't say it no more. I need to speak my mind. Damon could do characters. Damon could do monologues. He tell you the joke, then show you the joke.


He talked about his pain. Handicapped bully came from somewhere. Damon was born with a handicap. He had a club foot. Right. And so he came out with handyman, which is from something that was painful. He created Art Damon is one of the most brilliant comedians ever. You don't understand I got to watch this. Right? I watched Jim Carrey like tv. We'd tell him do Jack Nicholson. He'd do, do this character, do that character Dove Dilo. He used to make us laugh. Me and Sean, we'd be peeing ourselves. Daylon Gray, one of the funniest dudes you ever wanted to meet Kim Wayans. What a special talent. This is why I'm sometime in Hollywood, I get a little upset because there's no way Kim is like black Carol Burnett.


She's only marginalized by what Hollywood deems they wanna make or they feel is a special talent to be celebrated. Kim Weighs is a great writer. She graduated from what you call with honors Wesleyan University. She's a brilliant writer, amazing actress. She has a brilliant one-Woman show. When I tell you I came from greatness. I know greatness. I, I was, I was touched by greatness. Grew up with it. And, and not in a perverted way. Y'all made fun of the man foot. Huh? Y'all made fun of Damon's foot.


Yeah. Yeah. Come on man. The man got a, we Call that shit a hockey puck. A golf club. Not even a good one. It's the p Yeah, it was like a pitcher, a pitching Wge or the one the, so yeah, we made fun of, that's all we do. We talk shit. My whole family. We make fun of each other. That's what we do. But we have a great sense of humor. But more than that, we have a great life. We laugh a lot. We, we laughing our way through this lifetime. I hope other people do. You Know, in living color. Tommy said you guys dropped that during halftime of a Super Bowl, got 20 million views and then the next thing you know, the Super Bowl and the following year the NFL dropped Michael Jackson.


Yes. What happened was, what had happened was Keenan and Eric Gold and those guys came up with the idea to do the halftime show because they was doing, they had a bands marching. Bands playing. Yes. And Keenan was, and they was like, Dori, they got with Doritos and I think Pepsi, somebody else. And they was like, we're gonna steal the audience. And Living Color was at its biggest. Yes. And it was like, we going to take that audience and bring them to a living color and did a special in living color halftime show all the viewers scattered, left in Super Bowl, went to Fox watch this hilarious live in, in living color episode Damon got in some trouble.


He always on improv something weird. He said some joke about Carl Lewis. I think to this day, Carl Lewis is still mad. David Ire said, homie, he's going to long jump into your asshole. And yeah. So we stole the audience and the next year They had Mike, They was like, y'all ain't never doing that again. And they paid the biggest star in the world to come do the halftime show. Was That, do you think that was the beginning of the halftime show as we north for the NFL? Absolutely. Absolutely. So, hey man, all you guys make Usher, Dr. Tre, J-Lo all you people that are doing the halftime show, hope you got a big check.


Thank you Keenan. Thank you. In liver color. Dude. Do do you think, like, when I look at Saturday Night Live and I look at In Living Color, and you said, because Keenan, you know, I think Kean was on there once, wasn't he? Wasn't he on say that Live? Oh, nope. No. And Damon, you said Damon got, Damon was on there. Damon Was on. He got in the, and Baby he see that's why See, Damon was bad. I, that's why when I went to, I used to go to school and they used to immediately put me in detention. I was like, why were you putting me for damn? Because that's, we saw what Damon did. If you're, if you're anything like that,   your head, then you take that seat. Damon was bad.


And you know, I think on Saturday Night Live, he was bad. Right. He, he did a character that he wasn't supposed to do. Right. And Mr. Monopoly, I remember the sketch And, we was like, why is Damon doing that character? 'cause he was tired of not being able to do him and he got fired for that. Wow. And so I don't think, I think after that he was actually allowed to host again. And I think once again he did something he wasn't supposed to do. Damn. Damon gets back. Damon crazy. But he brilliant sometimes man. Brilliant people. It works for him man. Right? He, he's brilliant. I would never put a chain on Damon. Right. Let Damon be free. Damon is a, a magical, a unicorn man. He's so talented, so funny.


His instincts are great. Love my brother, man. He taught me, taught me the stage. He's taught me not to be afraid of that stage. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever pla podcast platform you just listened to part one on. Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there.


It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to chumba casino.com. At Chumba Casino I can play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Plus I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad that up here I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo Woo-hoo Chba. Live the Tumba life anytime, anywhere. Play for free now@tempcasino.com. btw room, no purchase necessary void, prohibited by loss, sea terms and conditions. 18 Plus,


have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today. And unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView senior living.com. Equal employment opportunities, text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 to apply.