
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic Bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweet, and reactions to all the wild moments you Might have missed both on and off the field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport by Carolo, Judy Batista and NFL Networks, team of experts, the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You and Obama fake with Kat. I seen this interview, sweetheart. I'm gonna leave it at that. I'm leaving at that. Cancel. Cancel baby. But that's what I am gonna say. I'm sorry, but my man is sexy to me. Oh, oh. I forget. We, we just need to be all the way clear on that All my life. Grinding all my life, sacrifice, hustle. Paid the Christ on slice. Got the roll, the dice, the swat. All my life I been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle, slice all my life. Grinding all my life.


Hello, welcome to another episode of Club Sheha. I am your host, Shannon Sharp. I'm also the proprie of Club Shehe, the lady that's stopping by for a conversation on a drink today. She has 30 years in the film industry. One of Hollywood's most sought after actresses. She delivered iconic performances and over 100 films, TV shows and commercials. She's headlined Hollywood's biggest blockbuster blockbusters and helped generate over 1 billion at the box office. She was in a film that was selected by the Library of Congress for preservation in the United States National Film Registry. An award-winning actor, writer, producer, director, a gifted performer, talented model, New York Times bestselling author. She's a stalwart in the entertainment industry. The multi-talented making people.


I like that. Thank you. Did I do you right? You did. I didn't even know about the one. What was the multicultural, Were you the Library of Congress? That film? Yeah. Yeah. What time is that? Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. You doing it? Yes. So, you know what? Since we popped something on you, you didn't know. I have my own cognac. This is Shea ba la Portier. It is named after my grandmother Porter in French is La Portier Laier. So I named it after my grandmother. And I want to toast. Love to toast your success. Thank you. 30 years in the business. Yeah. Hopefully 30 more. Amen. Thank you. Thank You.


That's nice. That's very nice. Glad you see you. You did grandma. I love that. Well, thank you very much. You welcome, Megan. Thank you for stopping by. I understand that you are extremely busy with your, you know, your time, your energy, your movie career is doing great. Thank you. And for you to give me a few moments of your time today. I greatly appreciate that. No, I greatly appreciate you. You know what, so let's get right into it. You've been at this thing, you started like when you was four years old. Yeah. Did you know you always wanted to do, how, how did, how did the commercial aspect of this thing start? You know, what's interesting is, is I, I grew up in Santa Clarita, California. Okay. Back when it was called Canyon Country in the eighties. Okay. So we were like one of one black family.


Okay. For a long time. So I was almost like 13 ish. Okay. And in, and in that, in that time, you know, for me it was more like, there was a little bit of bullying and different things going on. And my mom was like, you know, okay, well hobby wise, what is it that you wanna do That can be your thing, your safe space? And I was like, I wanna act. And she was like, okay. So then she put me into acting, me and my older sister, Lamaya. Okay. I was four, she was six. And it just started off as commercials, everything from Cheerios to Pringles to Barbie to whatever you could think of. And, and then from that, you know, when you say started from the bottom, it went from like being next to the person who was like the lead person on set, my mom be like, just get next to her and have a lot of energy.


Right. So you do that, you know, and the next thing, so you're like An extra. Yeah. Oh yeah. I was next extra for a long time. Really? Yeah. Yeah. And then, and then that led to being on camera. And that led to one line. One line led to two what, you know, three lines led to a scene. A scene led to four scenes, four scenes led to, you know, being a, a regular or a guest star or something like that. And then from so on and so on. So yeah, I started from the bottom, built my way all the way. Yeah, Because you started from the bottom. Did you ever become discouraged because you didn't get the speaking parts originally and that you like just had to stand there and smile and put on your best face, your best foot forward? Did you ever get discouraged, like, I don't know, mom? No, I actually felt it a challenge.


Okay. I was like, y'all gonna see me, y'all gonna get me a chance. And, and it's interesting 'cause I don't really know where I get that from, but, you know, I had a lot of teachers that were like, oh, you're not going to, that's not a realistic career. Or, you know, honey, no. And I'd be like, just wait one day, you'll see. And I've just always kind of had that mentality. So for me to continue to just grow and grow and grow it, it's been a blessing. And, and I think a, a slow steady climb, I think is healthy for, for any actor, but any person in general. 'cause it teaches you along the way to have humility to remember where you came from, to understand, especially within this industry, this thing goes up and down. You could show up one day, you know, to a club and you standing outside for 45 minutes.


You could show up next month and have a movie out and walk in with five guys and get a free table and a bottle, and then you can come back six months later and not have a movie out and wait for 15 minutes. You know? And so all of that along the journey has allowed me to have perspective and, and remind me, this is not who I am, it's just what I do, and I get to do it. So Where did you develop this confidence from? Because it seems you are a very confident young woman. Thank you. That you understand that like, you know what, it might not happen today. Right. But tomorrow is a different day. Yeah. How did you remain confident even though you weren't getting those thinking scenes in their, in the, in the beginning? I think my mom is, you know, and, and God really, like, just knowing that God's timing is perfect timing.


And as they always say with the kids, you know, people's rejection is God's protection. And my mom just always saying like, just wait. Just keep doing your best. Keep putting your best foot forward. Just show up. And then, you know, there's always the, the reality of like, you have to carry the crown before you wear it. Wow. And, and then I think once you've worn it, you gotta remember sometimes to carry it again for someone else. And so my mom is always instilled that in my sister and I, and for me it's just never been, it is never been a question. I remember being like 19 and being like, Lord, I didn't even ask you if this is what you have for me, so let me ask you first. And then once I got that confirmation. But that it, it was bigger than just being in the industry. It's about using your platform for something greater than you. But when I got that confirmation, then I was like, there's nothing nobody can tell me.


I was like, it's just a matter of time. So Do you remember your first commercial and that audition? I remember the first commercial on set. Okay. I was four. It was a Marshall Fields commercial. And I was like a little girl with a bunch of little kids, like out in a picnic and they had a little dog that was trained and the guy was holding the food just above the camera to get the dog to kind of spin around in a little circle. And that's just what I remember about it. I mean, you've been in over 60 televised commercials. Yeah. What do you, what do you remember, what was your favorite commercial? What do you remember most about doing that? My favorite commercial was probably a Pringles commercial. Okay. And it was like Pringle pop got the yum, yum, yum. With a kick, a kick of calcium.


I'm fucking yum. To the maximum plus the whole kick. A kick kick aca. Yeah. Right. Anyway, so it was about the Pringles having more calcium. Right. And, we did a lot of dancing. And I remember that vividly because one, I was the only black kid, which was often the case. But two, it was the first time anyone got me into fitted jeans. And I was 14. And before that I was like straight up like TLC cross color, like, you know, Jabo boss, like just my cousin's shorts. Right. I was like, you know, st stringing around my waist with like a belt to make them jeans for me. And I used to get sent home all the time because my clothes were too big. And it was the first time I had put on some tight pants. Right. And I just liked them so much. I wore 'em to school the next day.


And the boys was like, you got a little apple. I'm like, I do. You know? So after that, yeah. The rest is history. Did you ever freeze? Did you ever get stage fright or were you always a natural that the cameras you like I don't even really see the cameras. Right. I'm like, I'm on my own. I'm at home. I'm in my room, I'm in front of my mirror. Right. I got a brush and I'm just doing this. Did you ever have stage fright? I think I always, the first time on a job, like the first day, I always have first day of school, like jitters, you know, like nerves. And you just wanna get it right. And you just wanna figure out the character and you just wanna be in tune with everything that needs to happen. I don't think I've ever froze before. I think the only time I've frozen is when I was working on this job that is a very, very big director.


Very, very expensive job. And I just felt a lot of pressure. I was the lead and it was kind of an iconic remake of something, reboot of something. And there's just so many hands in the pot and so many different people giving me directions. Right. And as a child actor, you just learn to kind of do what you're told. Right. And so when you have four different important people telling you to do something completely different, even at 34, I kind of just didn't know how to navigate that and like, who to please first. And I just started to get so stressed out that I started to actually just forget my lines and completely forget them. And that was probably the most challenging job I've ever worked on. 'cause it was just, it took me, it took me until this young black director came in and was like, I know who you are.


I know what you can do. Trust yourself. I'm not gonna bother you for me to go. Okay. And then from there on, it was, you know, a great experience. That was the reassurance that you needed. Yeah. That you could do this. Yeah. You were doing great at this. Yeah. But you were hearing too many voices. Yeah. And also the, and also to just stand up for myself, right. And just be like, look, y'all, one of you come and tell me you guys will slide what the four of you guys wanna do. And then some one person, one person. Probably the director one, because that's the only person who should be talking to me while I'm filming. Just come tell me what, what you know, you need me to do. And I mean, it was, it was very pivotal for me. 'cause I, I walked away from it initially going, yeah. I don't know if I wanna act anymore. Really? Yeah. 'cause it was, it was, you Got that discouraged.


Yeah, it was, it was almost traumatizing because there, there was one director who came on that was yelling at me, like, there was a stunt that we were doing. And he told me no matter what not to stop. And, and I was like, well, it, if it looks like someone's gonna get hurt, then I'm gonna stop. And then also it went from the stunt guy doing it to the actor doing the stunt. And in one case I felt that me running up and grabbing this guy from behind, we were both gonna fall down the hill. So I stopped and he just came out of the tent and was like, don't stop. He just screamed at me. And it was the first time in my professional career where I was like, what do you want me to do? Like, I flipped out. Whoa. Because I, I was like, yo, y'all, I'm so nice. I'm so kind of, I'm so easygoing.


Like, this dude was like wilding. And I was like, you know what? At some point, at some point, and then after that everyone was like, 'cause they know they knew me and they knew that. I'm like trying to, you know, really Easygoing. And for you to snap like that, yeah. You probably had it up to not to hear up to here. Listen, I was, I was done. So, 'cause 'cause it just, you know, it was, it was completely inappropriate. Right. And anybody else wouldn't have thought twice about saying, you don't talk to me like that. But because I came from the background I came from, and possibly 'cause I was a black woman, I just was a little bit, you know. And then once I said, look, that's enough. But, but it was interesting because he left to film something out.


El had to come back like on one of the last days to film a scene with me. And after I filmed the scene with him, I realized that I was like sweating profusely and my hands were shaking because that's how like under skin, He brought that On. Yeah. He almost made like, gave me like an anxiety to just, yeah. So anyway, I made it though. Was that the first time that, was that the moment that you decided that you needed to stand up for yourself? Yeah, I think so. That was the, probably the first moment. 'cause the, because the first thing he did before that was embarrassed me in front of the crew. Oh. 'cause I had like this big dialogue and, and I was going over it and, and then he was like, just say it.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers, whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key line pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or Wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now. You're on it. How's it feel? I am A loyal viewer. One of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


And I was like, yeah, I'm about to. And he was like, no, everyone hold your work. Mind you, there's like 200 people said, he said, everybody stop. Everyone stop what you're doing. Say the line. And I was like, and I was just so caught off guard that I started saying it, but I was like fumbling through it. And then he was just like, you've done it a hundred times, you've done it a hundred. Like, he just like reprimanded me like I was a child in front of the whole group. So there was that moment and I cried about that. So the next time he came for me, he got what he asked for. I am a Leo after all. Oh, I'm as, as kind as they come baby. I try to make the best atmosphere for everybody and just best quality of life and just love. But I was like, okay, I reached my movie.


Don't push me. Don't. Yeah. 'cause I'm close to the edge. I'm trying yank not to lose my head. Okay. That's what's up. And then you, the extra you are in movie dookie, how Neil Patrick Harris, Sherman Hemsley, who's most known to be named for good is Jefferson. Yeah. He had a show called Amen. Yeah. As being an extra, do you like maybe try to steal a scene? Do you like Oh yeah. Look, you try, you try to not necessarily steal a scene. You just try to make sure that whatever you're doing counts. Okay. Because if you do that, then they might be like, you know what, this kid is good. Let, let's move 'em up to a principal role. Let's make sure they're on camera. Oh, okay. And that's literally how I made my way up. Really. Yeah. So you, you, you, you elevated where you bumped some kid down?


Oh no. I would never, I would never push anyone over, kick anyone over, step over anybody to get to where I'm going. I'm just making my own lane. Right. So What do you, what do you remember most about those, about those days in your first acting? I'm talking not, I understand that TV ads are one thing, but then now you, on a tv, you on a sitcom. You on a TV television series. Yes. Yes. What do you remember most about that? Well, you know what's interesting is, is I did TV probably up until I was like 19. Okay. So the last two things I did was cousin Skater Nickelodeon, which I did for almost four years. I grew up on that show with Robert Rashad. And then I switched over 'cause there was a strike at the time.


And I just said, I wanna do more tv. I just wanna focus on movies. 'cause Terrence Howard had said to me, you know, when you finish this show, I want you to be a young woman who travels the world and plays different characters and jumps all around as all these different things. So I, my my advice to you is don't do a TV show again until you're married and you have kids and you want something that's a lot more stable. You wanna know the character you're gonna play, where you're gonna go every day. All those things. Until then, travel the world and play different characters. So I came outta that show saying I don't wanna do tv. And then there was a strike. So I did a show with Brie Lawson and Ka Dennings and Bob Sagan, who I loved so much. And then I actually left that show to go do Deliver us for Eva.


And that was the beginning of, of my, you know, trajectory of my film Career. You were homeschooled? Yeah. Basically your entire high school. High school. Yeah. Just high school. Yeah, just high school. I read where you got bullied. Did you get homeschooled because you got bullied and it was the safe space for you to be at home? Or what, what caused that? I got homeschooled because I wasn't at Nickelodeon show. And because it was too hard to go to Go to school. Juggle. Yeah. Yeah. But, but you know, I mean, I'm never one to back down from a fight. So if someone's bullying me, I'm not gonna let them bully me out of submission. Right. But, but yeah, it was mainly just because I was working so much as an actor, it just made more sense. Right.


Yeah. I read that you got jumped. Do you think it had something to do with you being on that Nickelodeon show? Yeah. Yeah. It very much did. We were, but It took five though. It did take five that You was swinging on them. Megan, you was swinging on YYY. No. No. 'cause when I realized they was all coming from my face, I was like, oh no, we are not gonna do that. So I actually laid down on the ground and back then, that's when the big clunker shoes Yeah. Popular. I started kicking people in the gut. Anybody came near, man was spinning around, kicking 'em in the gut. And, and it's so funny 'cause I, I ran into this girl some, some years later and she had told a mutual friend of ours that she had just beat me up. And I was like, no, you and four other hookers beat me up. What is you saying right now?


And it's crazy. 'cause after that fight happened, I went looking for that girl all around town. 'cause I was like, I just wanna fight just you and what, and the Lord told me not to do it. And I did it. And I found some of her friends. And then some guys came and then I had some of my guys come and the next thing you know, people have shanks and all kinds of things going out And. we have a huge brawl inside of Jerry's Deli. And I broke the back of my nail back breaking a chair on someone's back who was choking my friend. And by the time we got out to the parking lot, somebody pulled up on a motorcycle with a gun and threatened to shoot us all And. we all went running like cockroaches. And then I was in the bushes praying and I was like, Lord, I didn't listen and this wasn't right.


And now everybody else's life is in danger. And after that, the, that particular guy actually ended up getting into a situation where someone shot him but didn't kill him, but, but hurt him. And I found out where he was at. 'cause after that I was scared for my life for like two weeks. I went to his hospital room and said, look, let's just squash the beef, blah, say blah. And about a year later I'm on a TV show doing a reoccurring role. And he's one of the writers on the show. And we've been friends ever since. Wow. Yeah. Man, you about that life growing up. I mean, I'm looking at, I'm gonna k you country girl, but I've been around a lot of crazy, I'm looking at your petite self, you know, like, okay, you on tv, you like, I ain't gonna mess up my face.


I ain't gonna mess up my nails. I'm gonna try and you like bo it bo it Because I just felt like, I just couldn't believe that somebody had like, taken it upon themselves to come into my space. And, and the reason that the girls did it is because they were like, oh, aren't you that one girl from that TV show? And I was like, yeah. And they were like, oh, you think you all that? And I was like, yeah, no. I was like, you you the one who said that you think I'm all that? And then they was like, come outside. I was like, no, I'm not going outside. And then that became them jumping me. So I, I just couldn't let it be. But now I know better 'cause it ain't worth it. Right. If someone had actually gotten hurt, you know, I, I don't think I could lift that down. So I read that a teacher, she did something. She, yeah. Tell your homework up. She misplaced your homework.


Which teacher? Because where I grew up in Santa Clarita, like I said, there was a lot of racism. Right. So I had trouble with at least my, my fifth grade teacher and my sixth grade teacher. Okay. My fifth grade teacher actually slapped me on the back. My mom got her suspended. And then my sixth grade teacher just really picked on me. It's like if I wore a lip gloss, she'd take my lip gloss. But she let the other little girls who didn't have the same complexion as me wear lip gloss. Oh, okay. She'd take my things and put 'em in the June box. And then in this particular instance, my dad had given me this coins and because my dad was LAPD and my mom and my dad weren't together, we didn't always see our dad that often at that time. So anytime he gave me a collection of coins, it was like a really big deal to me.


And the teacher took them and put 'em in the June box. I was supposed to get 'em back in June. And another little girl was like, oh, those are mine. I was like, no, those aren't. And she was like, yes, they are. And the teacher was like, stop lying Megan. And I was like, why do I have to be lying? And it was just kind of always that situation. But the girl gave him back like three years later and apologized. I didn't punch her. You got, you got, you got from anger issues. Now hopefully you, you I did Not punch her. But you thought about it At that time. I don't know. I'm not, I'm not aggressive in that way. I'm one of those people who if, if you continue to mess with me and you get me to a certain point, then I'm upset that you got me to that point because it takes so much for me.


I'm so like, it ain't that serious. So Let me get this straight. The June box is something, if the teacher takes something from you in September, October, November, yep. They place it in this June box and at the end of the year when school is over, you get to get it back. Yes. Yes. So she took your coins that your father had given you obviously your mom, your mom and dad's not together. So it holds a little bit more sentimental value to you, you because he's not around every single day. Yeah. She places it in that. Yep. And then, And then she didn't keep no records, or maybe she did, but she gave to another day. I've Stole it back. I would've if I knew where that girl lived. Maybe. Maybe You, you said in Santa Clarita where you grew up at Yeah.


A lot of times you were the only black Child. Black kid. Yeah. And there were, so obviously if you are the only black child in that area, probably you're gonna be one of a handful of in the high school. So did you Yeah. Did you deal with a lot of racism in high school or with just isolated incidents? Well, definitely in elementary school quite a bit. And then in junior high a little bit, that's around when, when kids started busting in. Right. Like black kids started busting in. But then it was kind of like, in the beginning it was like the black kids was like, why you talk like that? And I'm like, talk like what they like, like you white. I'm like, I don't talk like I'm white. They're like, yes you do. I'm like, how? Right. So anyways, as I sound so crazy right now with my voice going high.


But anyway, so I think for me, I almost felt like, like I didn't really fit in anywhere. Right. Kind of growing up. Which I think actually worked to my benefit because then I just kinda learned how to be authentically myself and unapologetically in that. But also how to be a chameleon and get along with anyone and go in any space and be comfortable. How were you in the role in Friday? 13. 13? Yep. And you know, you had the scene, the, the ice cream truck with big, big firm, I mean Big worm. Yeah. And, and so a mess. What was it like, because you know Chris Tucker, ice Cube Faison, John Witherspoon, Bernie Mac. Yes.


Were you on the set with, were you on the set with any of those guys other than Tucker, Chris Tucker and Ice Cube? Yeah. You know what's crazy is, is at that time Michael Clark Duncan was Tiny Lester Standin. And you know, F Gary Gray was 25 years old, first movie. And basically for that, those two scenes that I had in the movie, I was probably on set for almost three weeks waiting to shoot my scenes. Wow. And so I spent a lot of time with everybody, but one thing I'll never forget is Tiny, I was eating a tuna sandwich and he said, can I have one? I said, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I went and I made him one and I came back and then Michael was like, well, where's mine? And I was like, well, you didn't ask for one.


He was like, yeah, but you didn't ask me if I wanted one. And I was like, oh, okay. And then he said to me, he said, just remember as you go along in your career, make sure you treat every single person on set the same exact way. Everybody has a role and everybody has a job. Right. Everybody is important. And I was like, right. And that stuck with me. So I always did that and I've always done that. And then it was really cool to do Debs with Michael Clark Duncan when I was 22, all those years later. And yeah, he, he was a wonderful person. Yeah. Did you know Friday would be the cult classic? It's one of the, it's one of the black films if you got five black films. Yeah. And there are a lot of them. Yes.


Friday's gonna be in that collection. Yeah. Yeah. Did you know what you were shooting at the time? I didn't. I didn't. I just was so happy to be there and to have a real line on camera in a movie. I was so nervous during my scene. There was a few times where Chris had to be like, it's your line, it's your line, it's your line. I'm like, right. Oh man, I hate him. I was so nervous that I had, well he, and the one time he said, you ain't got but one line. Just say you lying. I was like, right, right, right, right. But he became like a big brother to me after that. Right. But, but yeah, I had no idea what it was gonna become. And then you eased Bayou Eased Bayou, Yeah. With Samuel L. Jackson. Yeah. Yeah. What was that experience like? Well, that was the next year when I was 14.


And I'll never forget that there was a table read about four years prior, and I was 10 at the time, so I was actually playing Eve in the table, read Samuel Jackson was still playing the father role. I think Maya Campbell was playing my role. And I forget who else was there, but, but the point is, is I,


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it's adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, Buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key lime pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy dessert. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila. For a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the insider's featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the Minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now. You're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer. One of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL, listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


After that, I was like, great, so when are we gonna shoot this movie? And Ms. Casey was basically like, well we gotta, you know, get the funding for it first. So every year I'd be like, Ms. Casey, we get funding, we get funding, we get funding. And finally when they got funding, I was 14, so I was like, okay, I have to get Sicily. I have to be, you know. And so I went in, I got Sicily, which was beautiful. And then I remember Journey coming in and four years prior I had guest Stard on, on our own. Okay. And played Jesse's love interest and had my first on-camera kiss with him and all that. And so I remembered Journey and I was like, oh my gosh. And then we just totally vibed out in the audition. And then we ended up getting it together and, and then we were talking about PO in the room.


And I was like, oh, you know, journey's got a little brother that's the exact same age as po. And then Casey went out there and saw him. And then, you know, then it's me Journey day. So Were there any roles early on that your mom, that your parents wouldn't allow you to do? I'm sure there would've been, but I think my mom just kind of always instilled in me, like, don't do anything you're not comfortable with. Don't compromise yourself any in any way. If you can look yourself in the mirror, then you're okay. But if you can't, it's not worth it. It's not that serious. God would bring you something better. And so growing up, every time I turned down something that I wanted to do, but I wasn't willing to do the nudity or I wasn't willing to do this or that, God always did bring something better.


So Has that always been your ethos? Has that always been the way you thought and says like, you know what? At the end of the day, I still have to be able to look at myself and feel good about myself a Thousand percent. 'cause I, I don't want, I don't want Fame or any type of success by, at the expense of losing my soul or not feeling good about who I am. It is not that serious. It just ain't, you know what I'm saying? And so I think as long as I keep my integrity and my authenticity what's supposed to be mine will come to me. And I think it'll come to me even easier because you beat out the things that you don't need to be concerned with anyways. Do You feel you've missed out on some roles because of the way you feel that you won't no. Compromise your integrity?


No. No. What's meant to be is gonna be, What's meant to be is gonna be an an, if I had done those roles, would I feel as good as I feel now? Would I have the peace that I have in my heart now? No. And that's that you can't buy that, that's not for sale. I've interviewed a lot of people that were kid actors and they, a lot of them have some bad stories to tell. Sure. Do you have, do you have any bad stories? I mean, I remember you had, you had the one director that you said that he yelled at you. Yeah. But outside of that, were there anything that you like that made you even maybe second guess was like, maybe this isn't for me 'cause of this yelling and all the, the, the belittling and the carrying on. I don't know if it's for me. No, because I started doing it so young that it was the world I knew and the world that I lived in.


Okay. So when I saw things that I didn't like, I just stayed away from it. Or if I saw people who had bad energy or were desperate for attention or whatever it was, I just kind of stayed outta their way and did my own thing. And so it's, it's all I've ever known is the job that I've had my entire life. So I understand some of the things that come with it. I just don't concern myself for those things. You've been Megan Good, famous right? Basically your entire life. Right. Did you wish that you could do some of the other things that kid could do? 'cause you couldn't do because you, on television, you were in commercial, so you just couldn't go play and you just couldn't go hang out with your friends.


And by the look of stuff, it didn't, like you had a whole lot of friends, you run 'em off. I had Friend. I just, but my best friend, I've been best friends for 27 years. Y'all still Besties Most of my friends I've had for 20 years plus. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. And they're, They're so, you know, they true. Oh man. They're just quality human beings. Like some of god's greatest gifts to my life. Truly. I think the only thing I missed out on was the college experience. Okay. Which I kind of went back and forth on because that would've meant that I would've had to take a break. Right. And then, and then I also had the mentality of like, so many of the things that I wanna learn, I wanna learn other people who are actively doing it for a living. Right. And, and then I think I just, I really would've wanted to do the reunions, like the 10 year reunion.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I just love stuff like that and yeah. Yeah. So, but you, were you, did you go, did you have sleepovers? Did, Yeah. Yeah, definitely. I mean, we weren't really allowed to sleep over anyone else's house, but they could come. They could come, you know, but yeah, I mean, in that sense, there was always time to play, to find time to hang out. But my mom was definitely particular about who would obviously meet their parents and all those things. But in that sense, that part of it was pretty normal outside of people recognizing you. So in other words, to make a long story short, that you don't feel that you missed out on anything, even though you've had this long career. Right. And, you know, you was a TV show, right?


You was at movies and like a lot of normal kids. Right. Did you, did you ever wanna play sports? I'm very athletic and I do love sports, but I, I don't think so. I think I always knew I wanted to do drama. This is what you always wanted. And Yeah. And then I tried dance for a while, but I just was not good at it. So yeah. My older sister Lamia and my younger sister Lexi are both phenomenal dancers. Right. But I was just like, yeah, that's not the, that's not you. That's not the gift. The Lord has given you Megan, and that's okay. Right? Yeah. You got served. Yeah. So now, I mean, now the movies are starting to come with Greater Regularities. It's like you, like you are working, you wrap one and you're starting another. Yeah. Wrap that one.


Starting another because you have a stretch where you like, for like a decade, right? You in two, a couple of movies a year. Right? Right. Right. Yeah. So now you're like, okay, did you ever like man your girl doing it? You don't think, that's not your personality, Is it? No. I think I had one moment where I did this movie and it was such an all-star cast, and I just thought, okay, this, this is gonna be the one and you know, I'm gonna be outta here. And this person who had did so many films that just always were number one boxed off his hits. This was the one that flocked. Oh. And I just thought to myself, I was just praying about it and I was just like, I didn't have the right heart, the right, like, you know what I'm saying?


My mind wasn't right about it. It was like this, the one's gonna get you outta here. Right. It's like, what does that mean? What does out of here mean? What is it that you are trying to accomplish in your mind right in that moment? And so I really had to check myself on that and, and really ask myself like, what do I want? You know, what is my intention? Right. And so, so I've never approached anything like that ever again.


Forget Where the calendar says. Football season is right around the corner. And that means Best Ball Week at DraftKings isn't far behind. Here's what you need to know. DraftKings Best Ball Millionaire Contest is the biggest fantasy contest ever. We're talking 15 million in guaranteed prize pool with two. That's right. Two millionaires crown for the first and second place. If you're a set it and forget it type, then Best Ball is for you. No waiver wise, no roster management, bigger roster. So injuries won't end your season. Only the draft. And that's it. You're set for the season. Still not convinced. Check this out. This year DraftKings is offering everyone draft one get one special, your $20 entry fee scores. Bonus ticket. Get ready for best Ball week at DraftKings. Download the Draft King app. Use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for all customers who enter the best ball. 15 Millionaire contest. To get bonus ticket, only the best ball week only at DraftKings Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 Or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and Over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible Gaming. Gaming resources delivers from evil.


You got served roll bound, stop the yard. Yeah, but it was really Think like a man Oh Yeah. With Kevin Hart, Chris Brown, grab Union, Regina Hall, Taraji, Terrence j Gary Owen, Steve Harvey. Yes. Yes. That was an all-star cast. Yes. Yes. That's a lot of personalities. Yes, yes, yes. Everybody's like important. They're important. Amen. Megan, how do, how do you fit in? How do you blend in? Like, okay, I'm, I'm here. Obviously they think I'm important, right? Because I'm here. Right. But obviously Kevin Hart is Kevin Hart, Steve Harvey, Steve Harvey. Taraji is Taraji. So how do, how do you, how do you fit in?


But in the same time you stand out, You be humble and you be authentic. Nobody can be you the way that you can be you and nobody can bring what you bring to the table the way that you bring it. If you stay in your lane and you do, you then you will stand out. 'cause that is you. There's nobody else in the world like you. But if you stay humble, you learn from others, you're able to teach, you're able to enjoy the space, the time with everyone. I don't believe in competition by any means. And so for me, I'm really a girl's girl, but I'm also, you know, a guy's girl where I genuinely wanna see everybody win as much of a Leo as I am.


I also am a very, like, if somebody, you know, if somebody wants to shine a certain way, I'm like, by all means, you got it. I, because I don't care. Because for me, I'm, I, I have a lot of self-love and a lot of like, just, you know, I just know who I am and that's enough for me. And so, yeah, I'm just very peaceful in all, in all situations, on all sets with all people. I read that the very first time that you were in Vegas is that you were filming this movie. Is that true? No. You had gone to Vegas before Many, many times. Oh. So hold on. Wait a minute. Many, many, many times. What? See you, you got a lot of secrets. Me?


Yeah. Oh, a few. Of course. Of course. Everybody has secrets. Yeah. So when you're filming this movie, you understand all the characters and like remember you said there was a movie before that you like, this is the one that's gonna get me outta here. Yeah. Yeah. Did you know how successful that think Like a Man? Did you know it was gonna be? I think I, I had a inkling, but I didn't go into it with that. What I went into it with was, this is my first opportunity to really figure out like the comedy part of it. Because comedy terrified me. Really. I, you know, I was used to playing the Straight Man. I was used to doing more drama and all of that.


So when Think Like a Man, when Tim Story kind of gave you the opportunity to just like, add things in and to try different things and see if they work and see if it was funny and, you know, throw a bunch of stuff up against the wall and sometimes it sticks and sometimes it doesn't. But he allowed me the freedom and space to learn how to just jump and to know that that's the only way you're gonna find the funny. Right. And from there, you know, that experience and think like, think like a Man Alone. Tim's story really set me up for Harlem. You know, he really was the, the teacher in the space that allow me to figure out that my funny doesn't have to be like anybody else's funny. Right. I learned that my funny is awkward, funny, you know? Right. And so, as I lent, as I lean into my own brand of what comedy is, you know, the right people respond to it.


That respond to it. Right. But that, that's all I went into it with was just like, okay, I just gotta like get free on this. And I just gotta, you know, conquer this kind of comedy thing and just have fun with it. So You shoot it, it wraps. Yeah. Premier. Yeah. What's going through your mind? It came out so good. I'm so proud of it. People laughed at the things I added in, like, you know, that kind of thing. Right. And, and just being thankful to be alongside people that are great and gracious and people that I love. I've known Gabrielle since I was like 14.


You know, Taraji, I've known forever since like right after she did Baby Boy, I mean Regina Hall. I mean, I just love her to pieces. When I, when I was going in for Harlem, I called Regina and I was like, look, I'm about to go test for this. Will you run these lines with me? 'cause I wanna know what you think And, but she was like, girl, but you funny. I was like, yeah, but you the best. Right? So I just wanna see what you think, blah, blah, blah. Michael Ely, who I absolutely adore, Kevin who abs, I mean that whole cast Terrance, my brother, like everybody is just people who are great actors, great talent, and great human beings. This concludes the first half of my conversation. Part two is also posted and you can access it to whichever PLA podcast platform you just listened to part one on.


Just simply go back to Club Sheha profile and I'll see you there. Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant, and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport by Carolo, Judy Batista and NFL Networks, team of experts.


The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.