
Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just your classic Bagel. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal, whether it's mac and cheese, Buffalo Chicken Dip, or my personal favorite key Lime pie, Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household, and it should be in yours too. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweet, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then There's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Thank you for coming back. Part two is underway. Do you do anything in particular to help you get into character when you play a role? Yeah. It depends on the character. It depends on where I need to go to find this person's experience, to understand their mentality, to figure out their trauma or figure out their greatest passion. Right? So whatever research that is, and sometimes it's, it is researching a person as a character study, right? Sometimes it's researching personality types or, you know, whatever it may be. But yeah, I just, you know, because You know, your role, you was like really tough. You were like guys, you were like, and so thank you.


I mean, I read that, you know, to help you get into this character, you abstained. Well, I was abstaining already. Oh, Oh. So it really even for you to play that part. Yes, yes. I actually had just decided to become celibate and had been celibate for months at that time with my ex-husband. Right. And, and I, I decided to become celibate before him. And then when we got together, come to find out he was celibate, and then I got this movie and I was like, well, I know exactly what she's doing right now. 'cause I'm literally living this. So, yeah. Wow. Yeah, I know. It's crazy. It's crazy. The lord, you know, whatcha doing? He he he be knowing. Yes, he did. Now you do anchorman with Will Ferrell. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.


Could you do those jokes now? Which ones? I mean, the same jokes that you told like comedy, The black Jokes. Yeah. I mean the comedy, you know, like, Oh, comedy's shifted quite a bit. Yeah. I Think people have gotten very, very sensitive. Yeah. Yeah. And I think it's a, it's, you know, to me most of it I understand, I understand some of it, but I also feel that it's taken away so much of the artistry and the things that we laugh about amongst ourselves at home anyways. It's kind of, it's just gotten very, very sensitive for me. Which I think is unfortunate. 'cause it takes away a lot of the art. Right. And, and comedy is art. It is.


It's a, a very specific kind of gift. And I think the best version of that is when you're talking about real things. Right. You know? And so you Take real events and make them Funny. Yes. Yeah. Exactly. Exactly. So to me, stuff in AC Man was funny as hell. Right. You know? But I noticed some people it was offensive. I am very inappropriate. And you know, me, me and my sister laugh at stuff that's just wrong. We should not be laughing at. Right. Maybe. I don't know. So I enjoy inappropriate comedy and, you know, You've kind of done a lot of different acting. Was there a particular genre that when you were growing up says, I kind of wanna do this. I I wanna do drama.


Right. No, I kind of wanna do comedy. No, I kinda wanna do horror. No, I kind of wanna do. Yeah. Was there any particular genre or you just says like, Hey, I can do it all. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm wide ranging, so, hey, let me try A little bit of both. But I do love horror movies. Really. I do love thrillers. I've been in a lot of 'em. Yes. I really, I just, you know, I'll be looking at this and be like, well, how am I dying on this one? This going be fun. My eyes closed, saw five then of the unborn one Miss call. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just love them. I, I think that growing up, one of the things that really made me wanna be an actress was the little girl who played Jamie in the Michael Myers movie. Oh, okay. And me and her were about the same age.


I think she's about a year older than me. And I just thought, does nobody else realize this little girl is really acting Like if you go back and watch it now her performance stands up. And it's unfortunate that's that there's not an award for that because she acted her ass off. But it's interesting because survival is one of the highest things that we can feel and experience outside of love, you know? And I think that figuring out, you know, how a character's gonna survive and all the different things that you go through as you are in a space of just literally trying to make it, I think really interesting. And I just kind of love that world. And I like to be scared and I like the inappropriate things, as I said.


And so, yeah. I think I always was just like, I just wanna get a good screaming, I just wanna be stabbed in the chest. And, we climb upstairs. I just wanna like, you know, that just something crazy. It just makes me happy. I dunno why You do, you do know Megan. Like, when we do those horror movies, we don't really make it to the end end, But, but see one, one day, we'll, but day we shall overcome. But, but for me, I actually was excited about the diocese. Yeah. But I'm saying, I mean, but not the first, not the the first one. You, Well, only when Miss calls that got die in the first scene, and they shot that after the fact as a cameo for the beginning opening thing.


And I thought, well, this is really cool. Right. Yeah. But you but horror, all, all things being equal. You love the drama, you love the comedy. I, I do. But it's the horror And and horror and the thriller. Yeah. How do, I mean, I'm trying to figure out how do you, how do you tap into that? How do you like, oh, let me go in here. And you hear, Because like I said, survival is one of the greatest human emotions. Yeah. You know, we're, we're all doing that every single day. Yeah. And then in a heightened circumstance, I think that it's interesting when you discover what you would and what wouldn't do. Right. Or you discover what a character would or wouldn't do. But my characters, the ones I played, it ain't been no like, hello, you know, not on it.


Uhuh. No. I wouldn't even do that. If it was in the script, I'd be like, y'all, come on. Yeah. So You three with uses three, three Strikes with Monique Faison Love David Ri E 40, Mike f Anthony Anderson. What's it like Mo working with Mo? I've had Mo on here and An Precious Yeah. You know, TV show. Mo Mo Mo is unbelievable. She's, I don't know, she is your relationship with her, but I thought she was unbelievable. She's incredible. And all of her roles. Yeah. She, and I think she has a good heart. She I do too. I do too. I mean, I don't keep up with all the thing thing things. Right. People, people are people. And honestly, people would be miserable. And I'm just like, please get your whole life. Just stop projecting your things.


Go get help or just, you know, let somebody give you a hug and love on you. That's that. And I'm saying that about people who say stuff about her. Right. Not about her. I think that she's wonderful. I think she has a beautiful heart. She has always been kind to me and goes out of her way to love on me and has always been consistent with me no matter what I had going on. That's it for me. I, I don't care about nothing else. That's How you judge a person about how they treat you. Yes. That's it. And how they treat my mama if they meet my mama. Right. But I don't care about all the other stuff because that, that's other people's stuff. So You an Obama effect with Kat. Yeah. What's it like working with Kat on set? Kat's sweetheart. He's a sweetheart.


I seen his interview. He's a sweetheart. I'm gonna leave it at that. I'm gonna leave it at that. Cancel. Cancel baby. But That's what I am gonna say. I'm sorry, but my man is sexy to me. Yeah. He's very sexy. Okay. Okay. Oh, Oh, I forgot. We, we just need to be all the way clear on that. I, you know what I Yeah. I forgot all about that. I forgot all about that. My page. I was, oh no. It was so good. Okay. Okay. The TV shows that you've been in the Game Star Moisha, law and Order, cold Case, damn. Famous Jet Jackson touched by an Angel. Oh yeah. Parrot Harlem, raising Dad with Bob Saggot. Yeah. Of all the shows. I mean, law and Order still going Moisha was unbelievable. Yeah.


What was your, what was your favorite, what was your favorite show that you was in? Ooh, I have to say Harlem. Really? Yeah. And it's because, well, first of all, it's the best experience I've had as an actress in my entire life. Hands down. I love Tracy Oliver, the creator of the show. I love, you know, Mimi, Pharrell, Amy, Kim Scott, I mean, just everybody who was a part Brit, everyone who's a part of creating that show. And I love the girls in that show. Okay. Very, very much. I absolutely adore every single one of them. Genuinely. They are my sisters. And, and to have that relationship to come onto a set, you know, I remember me and Grace Byers talking about some kind of like, horror stories and things that we've been through And.


we sat there on the couch, And, we barely knew each other. And I was doing her, her show that she was doing. And she And. we, afterwards, we sat and prayed together. And, we just said, you know, I hope to God that we get to do a show together. 'cause we will cover each other and love each other. It would be the best experience ever. Katu. A year and a half later, she's cast as Quinn. I'm getting ready to go in and test for Camille. And as I'm going to test, I meet Ty, sorry, Jerry who plays Ty. Yeah. And me and Jerry. Instantly I'm like, oh, I love this girl. I absolutely adore her. And then I go to the bathroom and I'm running my lines and Qua walks in and she goes, you remember me? And I said, from where? She said, about four years ago, I was on FaceTime where you were working on the show.


And it was that show that I had that bad experience on. And she said, and I had a mutual friend and he called me and I told you I was a fan of yours and I loved you, and I wanted to work with you. One day you said, let's place both our hands on the screen. Let's claim and Jesus name, that we gonna work together on something. And that we were both testing And. we both got it. And so it just, everything about the, the writing, I love the character. I love how I've grown as an actress. I love working with them. I love everybody involved in creation down to the crew. Everybody in the crew. I absolutely adore. It's just, it's just been the best experience. I don't think, I haven't heard you speak, but you seem you are a very spiritual person.


Yeah. When did this come about? Have you always been like this? Yeah. Well, I didn't grow up in the church. Okay. When I was about 12, I started going to a youth group. Okay. That my acting coach, shout out to Carda Jones, was my acting coach from age 11 to 26. And she was a, a youth group leader. Okay. And it was called God's Gang, which is now the name of my production company. And I had some friends, there were two girls in school especially who looked out for me when people would try to bully me. And those two girls, and one of their older sister and a 5-year-old girl, they were babysitting.


And another friend of theirs left youth group that night and got into a car accident and their friend passed away. The little girl who's about to turn six passed away. One of the girl's older sister, oh, she passed away to this. Right. And then, and then the girl whose younger sister was that used to look out for me, she got severe brain damage. And the other girl who used to look out for me had to get reconstructive surgery and all this stuff. But we went to this, I forget what it's called, when you kind of like go out into the, you know, woods and you camp and stuff, and you, you know, pray and blah blah. Right. And, and I remember that night her like calling out to God and crying and saying, why?


And then she got saved that night. And so I was just like, well, how, how do you go to God instead of away from God when something like that happens? Right. And it just made me curious. And because I had so much respect for her, and because she had looked out for me the way that she had shout out to Alicia, wherever you are in the world, love you. She, it kind of put me on my path. Her example did. And so after that, I became a Christian, and then I was like a bible stomper and like super religious and very judgmental. I remember when my sister lost virginity. I was 14, she was 16. And I went to her and I was like, I just don't want you to go to hell. Like I'm a that kid.


None of my friends told me when they lost their virginity. Everyone was like, don't tell Megan. You know, of course I was the last lose my virginity at 19. And, and I, and then at that time, you know, I kind of, you know, there's all these phases of getting to know God and maturing. My prayer used to be like, please let me look like one of the lead seekers from in Vogue. He actually answered that prayer shout out to in Vogue. But then, you know, as you get older, your prayers mature, your relationship with God matures. You start to get perspective and learn. And, and so mine has always been a journey, you know, and, and, and these last two years has been especially a journey, but it's been, it's such an incredible journey. The, the place that I'm in now, where I just have such a freedom in God and just such a trust that God knows my heart and knows who I am even better than I do.


And so, yes, it's been a really, a really beautiful place, a really beautiful journey Is the last two years where your faith has been tested the most For sure. Not this past year. This past year. I'm like, Lord, I know you're gonna do what you do and I trust you. And making sure that I was there to give that to Jonathan. That's what I felt that that's was there to do. Yeah. My faith is never wavered in that, you know, in that instance. But going through the divorce that shook me to my core. I was just like, but Lord, you asked me to be celibate. I was, you know, you told me who to marry.


I married that person. I try to do everything to the best of my ability and, and know I didn't do everything perfect, but I don't know, know that I could have done anything different, if I'm being honest. Mm. And so I was just like, why is this happening? My greatest fear was for my husband to leave me after 10 years of marriage, the way that my dad and my mom separated. And that's exactly what happened. And it was just like, I don't understand this. And so it was a lot of prayer, a lot of evaluation, a lot of learning about myself. Even. It was a lot of realizing the place that we both were in.


It was a lot, a lot of just like rediscovering God and realizing that sometimes the way that we see or understand things, it's not that it's not true, it's just you do come into different seasons. And, and I had to accept that if this isn't something I've chosen, but it's something that God has allowed, then God has allowed it for a good reason. And I think that we both have grown from it tremendously. I think that now I think that what, at the time I was so mad at Devon, but now I think what he did was very brave.


And I think that it was a very scary thing to know that the church and all the people, everyone was gonna be like, well, this is not what a man of God or a woman of God does. You know? Right. And, and, and of course there were a lot of people who were like, well, Megan must have done something. And I'm like, what? You know? But I think that, I think that in order to grow to the place that we've grown, I think we absolutely were supposed to be married for that amount of time. And I think we got the best and the benefit out of it. And I think he taught me a lot, and I taught him a lot. And. we took a lot. We gave a lot. But we're still friends. And, and you know, as he said, the the love is, you know, transitioned into something else, but it's still love.


And I don't regret.


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes, occasions, and even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers, whether it is adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key line pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy dessert. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews are impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Anything. And I'm super thankful for the time that we were married, and I'm super thankful for what I learned. And I think that I, I love now in a different capacity because when the, your absolute worst fear happens now, there's nothing to be afraid of anymore In that situation. You like, I prayed for this. I was everything, everything. God, everything you asked me to do, I did. Yeah. Did you feel at that moment that as the marriage is starting to dissolve, did you feel like a failure? You No, I don't think so because I, I feel like we had almost 10 successful years of marriage.


Right. I feel like, I feel like I got so much from it that has made me better and has helped me grow. And I feel that he feels the same way. Right. So I don't feel like it was a failure by any means. I just didn't understand it. Right. Because I was like, but this, you stay forever. It means forever. Right. You know? And, and that wasn't the case, you know? But I think that part is the part that I struggle with the most because I would've never got gotten a divorce under any circumstances really. And I don't know, I don't know if that's always the right thing. Right. You know, and it's not that anything bad was going on. Nobody was cheating. Nothing.


Cra like, you know, and, and I won't get into why we divorced. Right. But I don't know if, if being married for the sake of just Societal, because society says you Well, because religion. Yeah. You know, I think, I think you really have to have a relationship with God and see how God is moving you. And sometimes it's not gonna make sense to anybody else. And that's okay. It's not for it to make sense to anybody else. You just have to be in tune with Proud of you being married. Yeah. To someone, a minister. Yeah. You being in the, being a woman of faith. Yeah. Belief.


Yeah. Would you have felt this way had you not grown through that had about not necessarily like being married? Oh, Oh, no. I think I still would've been like, no, you get married, it says the word, y'all better work it out. You better figure out you might do something. Okay. And I think if you can, you should. Right. But again, I think that sometimes God moves us in ways that it may seem contradictory to other people's perception or how they see or read the word or, or literally what it says. But I think that's why we have to be very clear on having a relationship with God. Right. Not just a religion with God. We have to be very clear on hearing from God and, and that's gotta be the compass period.


The relationship with God and not the relationship where you not really hearing that. And you just wanna do what you wanna do and you want a reason to do it, or an excuse to do it. But really knowing if that's what you're hearing God to tell you to do, no matter what anybody thinks or anyone says, you gotta move the way God's telling you to. And that's just that Outside of your closest friends, your support Do, do people, or did people know that you had such a close relationship with God? I think people see what they wanna see. If you go back to every men's magazine that I was the on the cover of, and you realize that I never wore a bathing suit.


I never wore lingerie. And then you look in those interviews from 1999, 2001, 2004, 2000, you will always see that I always said, I am a Christian. I believe in God. I'm not gonna do anything that would disappoint God. God is my compass. I've always talked about God. And I think that sometimes when people go, oh, it's the cover of a men's magazine. Well, for me, that's not a conviction of mine. I don't, I don't feel that God is concerned with what I'm wearing. And so if that is not my conviction, it says in the Bible, have he who has faith, have it to himself before God happy is he who does not condemn himself. And what he proves meaning. And then it goes on to talk about, if you don't really believe that that's what God approves, then you are sinning.


But if you really believe that between you and God, then that's that period. That's what that is for you. And so that's the tattoo I have in my head, which even that is like, oh, you shouldn't pierce your fight. Yeah. Well, for me it's a reminder to not go too far down the religion, religious rabbit hole. Right. And stay in the relationship with God. God, what do you say? Right. And so for me, I never had a conviction about that kind of thing. My feeling was like, I want to get this, these words that I'm saying about God and how much I love God, and how God is the head of my life. I wanna get this to the people who are gonna pick up this magazine because I'm not gonna get to them any other way. And most of the other people in the church, they're not gonna get to them at all.


Right. So if I feel comfortable and I don't feel like I'm doing something wrong, then I'm just gonna be authentically me and I'm gonna reach other people that other people don't. Just by being who I'm called to be. And being authentically that Before you take a role, do you always pray on it? Majority of the time. Sometimes I just feel in my spirit, I'm like, okay, good. I feel good about this. If I'm not sure, then I pray about it. If I've ever felt that God's like, no, that's not, that's not what I want you to do, then I just won't do it. Period. Wow. Even if I want to do it, period, I won't do it. Wow. Yeah. So it's easy. It's easy when you have that kind of faith. And you say you've been walking, what, since you were about 19.


I've been saved since I was 12. 12, yeah. Yeah. Lost you Virginia in 19. So you've been, you've been on this road, you've been on this road for the better part of two decades. Yeah. Yeah. So the highs and the lows you never questioned, like is God's will and you, whatever he decides, whatever his with. Yeah. I think that, I think I, I think that I've, I have to accept that because you can't accept one thing and not accept the other. Yes. And so I trust God and, and even like, you know, when, when the divorce happened, I was mad at God. Really? I was like, what kind of, what the hell? I was so mad.


But I was just like, But you never questioned it. I did. I didn't question if I was gonna be okay. I questioned, well, why? Why do it? Right. What, what was the point? And over time To come together and then And we are. Yeah. And then also I was like, you knew this was my worst fear. Like, why? You know, and then, you know, over the years, and it's, you know, almost, almost been like three years now. So over the years I'm always revealed a lot more. And every time I'm revealed a lot more. I'm just really in gratitude and thankful that I married someone that was so wonderful and that is so wonderful. And that we had that time and that we grew together and just all the things.


And so I don't believe that anything's in vain. That's probably the only moment where I was just like, okay, Lord. You know? Right. But now I'm like, okay, Lord, thank You.


The days are warmer, the walks are longer. And one easy way to help your dog shine this season is with fresh, healthy food from farmer's, dog farmer's, dogs makes fresh real food and delivers it right to your door. Recipes are developed by vet nutritionists made from real meat and veggies and proportion just for your dog, making it easy to say goodbye to burnt brown balls. Feed your dog real food with real benefits. My Pomeranian, Teddy, love the stuff and coat has never looked better. If smart, healthy pet food, you can feel good about feeding your pup, it's the best option for your dog of all life stages. Because it's not kibble, it's not can go, it's real healthy food. And it doesn't matter if your dog is young or old. It's always the right time to begin investing in their health. That means more happy, healthy, full years together. Get 50% off your first box of fresh, healthy food from farmer's dog.com/shesha, plus you get free shipping. Just go to farmer's dog.com/shesha to get 50% off. That's farmer's dog.com/shesha.


Have any actors, actresses given you tips? I remember I had Terry Cruz on here and he said that he was struggling, remember his lines and going through his lines. Yeah. And he said, ENA Arnold said, why don't you sing 'em? Say, Terry, you like to sing. Yeah. Why don't you? Why don't you, won't you just sing them, memorize 'em like that? Yeah. Have anybody given you pointers to help you relax? So it just Feels bad. The best advice I ever got was from Loren's Tate on waist deep. And I was nervous about this scene. I was trying to get into it and we'd already taken like two takes and he just grabbed me. He was like, SIS. I was like, yeah, yeah. He was like, fuck it, fuck it. And I was like, what do you mean? He was like, just fuck it.


And I realized that. He was like, just don't overthink it. Just, it's in you. It'll come out. Don't try to get there. Don't try to figure it out. Just live and breathe it and it's just gonna come right out of you. Right. And it did. And, and so now I tell that, you know, when I'm around younger actresses or actors, I'm like, fuck it, it'll come. It's in you. You wouldn't be here if it wasn't in you. Right. So I read that you said that I think you were about 14, 10 or 14 that you've been your family's provider from the time that you were like 14 To some degree. Yeah, to some. I mean, my mom managed my sister and I. Yeah. So, you know, we went out And, we did our thing. My sister was in a big singing group, ISIS at the time in the nineties, and they had two big hits.


Yeah. And so me and her both, you know, but at a certain point in time, you know, as things fluctuate and, and things are happening, you know, and, and for clarity, my father has always paid child support. Then go back and hit him up back. No, Gotta be clear, my daddy's always paid child support. But, but yeah, for a long time a lot of the income that was coming in the house was, was primarily yeah. Just working. How did That make you feel? I mean, because like, I remember growing up and working, I was making 25, $30 a week working six, you know, five and a half, six days a week. And I remember coming home and giving my grandmother $10, $15. It's not much. Right. But it was, and I looked at him, I said like, man, I'm nine, 10 years old, I'm a provider.


And it gave me a sense of Yeah. Of accomplishment. Yeah. And that, to this day, that's what I am. I'm a provider for my family. Yeah. Did that give you a sense of accomplishment? Because you're a child at the end of the day, you're still a child. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of the, what's coming into the home is courtesy of you. Well, I looked at it like my mother before that time had did everything on her own with an older brother who had special needs. Oh. And then me and my sister, and then ultimately when she remarried, you know, my stepbrother and then, and then she adopted my younger sister when I was 14. I was four years from being outta the house. And so my mother has been such a provider for everybody on every level that it was nothing for me to wanna do it for her.


And then also, you know, again, she was doing the work, she was managing us. And, and when me and my sister said, you know, can you quit your job? We wanna pursue this full time. She had to have enough faith to be like, okay, I believe that my children can do it. And, we can keep this household afloat, afloat. So, you know, even when I was working, there was times when I wasn't working and Lamia was overseas touring with her group. And she would come home and she'd bring her money home. And so our household was just one of whoever's got it is all of ours. We take care of each other. We are, you know, a tribe and And. we always protect and take care of each other, you know. And so there was definitely a sense of accomplishment, but it also was a sense of like safety and just knowing that we always look after each other.


And. we always will look after each other. You Are there any actors in Hollywood? No. Before I get to that, you said like the pay, because you hear a lot of, you know, you hear Taraji, you hear Mon you hear a lot of black Valla Davis. Yeah. Who has the ego. Yeah. We hear a lot of black actors, actresses talking about the discrepancy in pay. Yep. Yeah. Have you experienced that? For sure. For sure. It's interesting 'cause, you know, I remember talking to Jonathan about a, a project and, and he asked me what my quote was, and I told him, and he was like, no.


He was like, absolutely not. No. And I kind of knew, but I also was like, I know what I, how much I've worked my life to even get to that point. Right. But the discrepancy as a discrepancy and, and it, and it actually disappoints me that people have, you know, made fun of Taraji or whoever, like crying and saying, because because it's not right. And people don't realize that. They're like, oh, well you're an actress, you know, you're rich and famous, you're wearing nice dresses and rings and stuff. And I'm like, no baby doll, let me explain something to you. We go to work sometimes 15, 18 hours a day. And the energy, the work that we do, the giving that we give of ourselves, the everything around it is a lot of work.


And then not just that you walk outta the house and you work a lot more just walking down the street or doing press for a project. And you see people and athletes, whatever is getting paid, what they get paid for, their talent and, and for, and their work ethic and everything they bring to the table. Why do black actresses not deserve that? And And, we are working very, very, very hard. I've worked hard my entire life. I have never not worked hard. Right. So especially in the realm of what it's being compared to what other people were getting. Yeah. I remember this same show I'm telling you about, you know, I was the lead on that show, but I was number two on the call sheet. And, and the guy who was number one, who was a white gentleman, such a sweetheart and incredible human being, he was like, this isn't right.


He was like, you should be number one on the call sheet. And I was like, yeah, no. You know, but it's, it's just, there's so much of that that people have to speak up and, you know, and it's unfortunate that they have to be somewhat of a martyr for people to start paying attention. Right. And then it's like, okay, don't just pay attention, y'all do something about it. Right. You know what I'm saying? And, and so yeah. It, it is, it is a big thing and it's really not right. And it's really not cool. And, you know, and, and, and what I will say, you know, thinking about Tyler Perry, Tyler Perry's the first person who pay me what I should get paid. Wow. First person. And, and did not link it.


I, you know, he said, how much you want? I said, let me, let me talk to my team, you know, really quick. And he's like, just tell me on what you want. I was like, Tyler, he said, let me just, 'cause I wasn't quite sure what to ask for. And then, you know, I was talking to Jonathan and he was like, you should ask for this. And I was like, no, I can't ask for that. And I was like, I don't like, you know, it's like, it's almost a mentality. And then going back to the child actor syndrome too, it's like, I don't wanna lose the job. Right. You know, but it's like, you forget what an asset you are, But sometimes they make you for


Philadelphia cream cheese makes everything creamier and can be used in so much more than just classic bagels. Philadelphia cream cheese isn't just for spreading, it's for cooking, baking, and enhancing every meal. You can use it in a variety of recipes occasions than even for the perfect snack with veggies and crackers. Whether it's adding a gallop to your mac and cheese, buffalo chicken dip, or my personal favorite key lime pie. Philadelphia takes these dishes to the next level. It's a staple in my household. And it should be in yours if you're looking for recipe inspirations for the next dinner dessert. The Philadelphia website has endless recipes to try. I've been personally eyeing the key line pie cups, which are next on my to make list. Nothing beats quick, easy, and creamy desserts. Visit cream cheese.com for recipe inspirations so you can start adding Philadelphia cream cheese to your recipes at home.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source, Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we Appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders, you'll hear from the league's top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Sometimes they make you feel like you should be grateful that we even offered you the job. Right. And you should take whatever we, whatever we're offering you. Right. Right. As opposed to saying, well, you know, she's talented. There's a reason why we're offering her the job. Yeah. And let's pay her Yeah. A fair wage. Yeah. And so I asked Tyler and he said, I was gonna give you that anyways. And I was like, oh, wow. And then I started crying and then I couldn't stop. Were you crying? Let me see. I'm gonna let you, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna let you tell me why you started crying and then I'm gonna tell you why I thought you, why I think you started crying. Why did you start crying?


Because I felt valued. I felt like someone wasn't just sitting there and telling me I'm valuable and they were actually showing me, because actions obviously are much bigger than words. And because he was excited to do it for me. And then he said, he said, I wanna make sure you, and he named a few other people who's like, you guys have been doing this all your lives and you should get what you deserve and I'm gonna make sure that you get it. And that's the kind of person that Tyler is. And so just that feeling of feeling valued in someone, not just saying it, but proving it. That's exactly what I was gonna say.


You started crying for the very first, first time somebody saw the value in Megan. Good. And they paid you accordingly. Yeah. Yeah. You get emotional thinking about it, don't you? I do. Because I do feel, I do feel that a lot of people see the value in me and some don't, but a lot of people do see the value in me, but it doesn't mean that they're going to treat me as Such. Compensate you accordingly. Yeah. Yeah. You have this persona. People look at you as like the cute girl. The cute lady. Right. You tried to live that down. What you mean you cut your hair. I mean, people saw you. Oh yeah.


You cut, you cut your hair. Yeah. Because did you feel that you, in order for you to be taken serious Yeah. You had this was a step. Well, I Had this long kind of hair that I wore often, and I just think that people were like, oh, she's, you know, the cute girl, the pretty girl, the sex girl, the girl next door, the love interest. And I just realized in order for me to get out of that space, I had to show up differently. Right. And, you know, and, and so that's what I did. You know, and, and even then, it still was a hard box to break out of, you know, but I look at stuff like Harlem and, you know, it's, it ain't about the way I look at all.


It's about who this woman is and, and all of her quirks and all of her truth and all of her searching and figuring out, and the roles that now I'm getting right. I'm getting to play in my forties. That has been incredible. I think that, that, I think that's the best part too, is like I truly am in the sec second act of my life, even though I've lived many lifetimes already. Right. And I'm excited for what's gonna come out of me in this next year. What's gonna come out of me in every performance because of the things I've experienced. What's gonna come outta me when I have kids? What, you know, all those things. What's gonna come outta me when, you know, I'm older woman when I'm, you know, sixties, seventies, all of that's really exciting to me. So Yeah.


You mentioned Tyler Perry. You in this new movie, divorced in the new black Divorce. In the black Divorce in, excuse me, divorce in the Black. Yeah. Hmm. Lemme see What, Because divorce is the black. So obviously if, if I'm having to guess you were divorced. Yes. You are divorcee. Oh yes. How much, having gone through that, were you able to fall back on and says, okay, okay. And boom, here we go. All of it. All of it. Because even though she's in a very different situation than, than I was in, it's still that reality of expecting that your life is gonna go one way and then suddenly realizing it's gonna go a totally different way.


And then you are trying to figure out what you're supposed to do and having to re kind of learn yourself, but realizing that you've also changed and you've grown, and then you having to recalibrate your mind to not be sad and not, you know, like you have to go through the sadness. You definitely have to go through the pain and the crying and the process, which is a process. I think to some degree. You never, don't like not have it in some way, shape, or form, as long as you don't let it make you bitter, you let it make you better. But the process that she had to go through to go, okay, now I'm in this next phase of life and I'm gonna embrace this and I'm gonna get excited about this, and I'm gonna figure out what I want and what makes me happy.


Right. And having complete freedom after that to be like, okay, it's my world what I wanna do with it. You know? And so I think many of the moments that Ava had, there's, there's a scene where I'm running and, you know, it was just like, I was just so there, I just, I knew exactly where Ava was and I was just so there with her and I was pleased to be able to gift her with the reales truest rawest emotion of what that reality was. Is it easier to play a role when you're familiar not just a character, but you, like, I've been there, I've done that. Yeah. I, I actually know what a divorcee is going through in this very moment.


I can feel, I can tell you Yeah. What it's like. Yeah. I think, I think it is easier, although there is your experience in their experience. Yeah. Because you, you might have not have gone through the reason why she got divorced might not be the reason why you got divorce. Right. So it has to be different. I mean, I'm reading that Dvo marriage gone wrong. Maybe it's domestic violence, maybe it's finances or whatever the case may be. Right. But at the end of the day, is that big DE At? Yes. Yeah. And, and the only difference is how does this person download and process it? Yes. Like for instance, you know, with my character in Harlem, it's the first time where I go, oh, okay, she's a Gemini, so I am going to pursue all Gemini traits.


So if Megan, if you came on her like this, Megan might get a indignant and be like, but a Gemini is actually gonna go wait a second and, and get introspective. And, and, and a totally different gear is gonna hit for them. And so that's the only difference is even though I can understand where the character's at distinguishing the difference between not just Ava and, and Megan's journeys, but Ava and Megan's mentalities and their bandwidth for pain and their, how much did they, you know, hide from their family? How much did they share? What's the dynamic between her mother versus her? You know, all those things. That would probably be the only thing. But do I think it's easier in general?


Yes. Because you already have a leg up because you already have experience such a, a rich well, to, to pull from. Should we, should we view divorce as bad? I don't know anymore. I don't know. I think prior to you going through divorce, how did you view divorce? But prior to it happening to you, how would you view it? I felt like for any other reason besides domestic violence, I'm like, y'all better figure that out. But now I just, I, I don't know. I think that what I experienced made me less judgmental about an experience that somebody else is having that I don't know what it is.


And I can't say that that it's bad or good for anybody. All I can say is that it, it hurt a lot for me. But I think that, I think that it also was a blessing to both of us in a way. And not because it happened, but because if it, if it had to happen and that was a part of our story, we both got so much from it. Did you feel you let people down? Yes and no because I think that, I think I felt that I let people down a bit with the weight because, you know, I never said to someone, well, this is what I think you should do.


Right? And I never pursued making the book like, look how I did it, guys, this is what you should, you know, it was never that. It was always people asking and inquiring me, saying, oh, well this is the spaces that I'm in. This is what God's telling me to do right now. And people being curious. And from that coming a book, talking about our experience, not necessarily telling people to go do it, but saying, this is why it worked for us and this is why, you know, we believe in it. And I still believe in the weight. And I still believe that it worked for us. I think that what didn't work for us were the reasons why we ultimately, you know, divorced. But I think that, I think the weight allowed us to get the full benefit.


And I think it's the reason that we're still friends to this day. I think it's the reason that we walked into the room with both of our divorce attorneys, and you look great, look at you. You've been working out. Yeah, you look great too. Da da da. How you doing? You know? And they looking like, y'all getting divorced, right? And we're like, yeah. And They're like, but you see, okay, Y'all just, okay. You know? And when people, when they see us, you know, we see each other in the street, you know, people tense up around us and I'm like, how are you doing? You know, and it's just like, and it's genuine love. And I, and I think a lot of that really is because of the weight and the way that we got to know each other and the quality of the human being and the trust that was there. Even if there, you know, was disappointment at the end.


I can look at Devon and say, that's a fucking good person. Wow. And I'm thankful for that time.


Divorce in the black will launch globally on Prime video July 11th. Thanks for stopping by. Thanks for having me. Making good. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much. Thank You. Awesome. Appreciate you. Thank you. Thank you so much, shall We? Thank you All my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice. The all my life. I been grinding all my life, all my life. Been grinding all my life. Sacrifice, hustle. Paid the price, won a slice. Got the roll of dice, the


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further, We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both On and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast, featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Networks, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.