
Hey. Hi everybody. It's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything, we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list, your morning routine, healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today,


The fall is creeping up on us, but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest food Haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko Superchargers headlights and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply,


Man, listen. Traveling be crazy. But I'm so happy that we agreed upon staying in the Airbnb the last time we slid out, especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, Traveling sometimes. And they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, pots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job easier For sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man. It was perfect. Shout to Airbnb, how you feel about the T. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was


great. Hey, I am Ryan Reynolds at Mint Mobile. We like to do the opposite of what Big Wireless does. They charge you a lot. We charge you a little. So naturally, when they announced they'd be raising their prices due to inflation, we decided to deflate our prices due to not hating you. That's right. We're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only. Taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes. C details


The Volume. All right, we back another episode of Club five 20 podcast. I'm the host, my name is DJ Wells. We got a special, special guest in the building. Yvette, a legend to my left man. We're gonna introduce my man's last to my far left. We got my dog, Bishop B. He out the prayer league. How you what? Nasty, cool and nasty. Let's get to it baby. Let's see. Baby B. Normally he come to work you, you know how the show going. He come to work with the black forces of the white ladies, but he at the town. We gonna let him rock out in the prom times today. You know what I'm saying? Man, Chill. Shout out the prom, man. He got the T and the chain Though, buff all day. Then you started off on That Bullshit to my right.


My dog. Young Nacho, young T how you what man? I'm chilling man. I had to put some Jordans on for team do, man. Yes sir. My guy showed me so much love in Atlanta. I'm so hyped for this episode. My og I'm gonna let you do the honors dj. Hey man. For sure man. Listen man, one of my favorite players of all time, man. Before the Steph Curry, he was the coldest light-skinned point guard ever, man. Got long time NBA, fed, snicker fishing out. We got the man Mike Bibby in the building. Appreciate you sliding on this big dog appreci. Y'all having me? Man? I been, I told Jeff up that, Jeff, you got get me on there man. Soon as I called him. So I was wonder if you, I'm surprised you had the same fucking number. Yeah, I don't, I don't switch up too Much. And I called him, I said, Jeff, I need to get on there, man. So he, you know, I appreciate you getting me on here. Nah, for sure man. We excited. I mean, I tell everybody that's the best teammate OG I had.


He showed me love. He showed me the ropes for stuff. And It's fucked up too because, not for real. Not for real because I wasn't the guy, I wasn't the vet that I wanted to be because they had some shit in the upper management going on. Yeah. When they draft you, I'm like, damn, they trying to get me out here. They got a point guard. I didn't really know much about you when you came, but when you came I knew a matter of time you was going to, you know, eventually take it over. But I mean, I, I feel like I didn't give, I gave you a little, I didn't give you all that I think I should have just because the shit that was going on, Man. Nah, but you used to always tell me like my rookie year, you showed me love. I don't really have to pay for nothing. I ain't have to. I was out, whatever I had to do, you made sure I was okay. But you always told me like, your time gonna come.


You and Jeremiah used to be like, yo, your time gonna come. Don't worry about it big dog because I wasn't playing you like, don't trip about it. Your time gonna come. He was like, you like you gonna replace me. And as a young dude, I couldn't understand that. I'm like, man, what? Why you keep saying that bro? I wanna play right now. And then as I got older I was like, dang, I know what Bibby was talking about. And See, but what do, what do he always what? Woody started me outta respect, you know what I mean? There was times, you know, when I first got there, you know, it was time, but the second year, halfway through the second year, it was like, okay, shit, I'm trying to, I'm starting to wind down. But then even in the third year, he had to start me just outta respect, you know what I mean? And even when I went to New York, he was like, he wanted to play me and star me. I'm like, Woody, I'm done. I was done like two years ago.


I'm, I'm not, I'm not trying, I'm not trying to play right now. So, I mean that's just the way Woody was, you know, just outta respect. He would star me. And like I said, I knew your time would come and you took over that team and, and led that team to the next playoffs when they was coming. So Appreciate it man. I did learn a lot though. Like I couldn't shoot like big, but the pocket passing and stuff. Like I learned that all from him. He taught me how to play with Alford pull. So like, but he like, Hey this how you gotta get al open. You hit this pocket pass with Al, you'll get a assist every time. And I was like, yeah. I remember the one time we was in practice and I, you know, I mean I, I catch the ball from the, you know they make a catch the turn around. This motherfuckers standing this close to me. I said, Jeff, what do you doing?


He's like, man, they told me to pick you up full court. I said, for fucking what you gonna try to work me adaptive to practice? I'm trying to save this shit for the game now. I was like, come on, I'll just throw that shit to Joe. Joe. Y'all smooth. Go ahead. Y'all go ahead and break shit up. I mean like as soon as I caught I about to turn around and it up the court and he's standing. But he's talking to me though. He just, they just told me to pick you up full court. I just gotta pick you up full court. And I'm like said, come on. Yep. Every practice too man. It was every practice for sure. That shit might cut my ears down. Curiosity Jeff is a problem. Yeah man. Like come on man. Just pick me up in half man.


I'm gonna come down and swing it and I'm gonna be the fifth option, you know what I mean? But come to me, I'm gonna shoot it. So Show man, we got, we gotta go to the origins man. Like I said, man, your basketball career is crazy. Especially with today's you know, climate with the NIL and stuff. How good you were in high school man. Mm. You the cash there early. I would've liked a little bit man. I didn't need the 5 million that they getting now, but I would, I could have took a couple thousand. A Couple thousand. That was a top player When you coming from nothing. Yeah. We couldn't even get a slice of pizza. You were there when you couldn't even get a slice of pizza for free. Yeah. Facts. So, man, it's good. Like the money they getting now, man, it's good. But when you getting paid more than the coach, That's Crazy.


Yeah. Ain't ain't nothing. If I'm playing man and I'm making more than the coach, coach won't be able to tell you anything will he? Yeah. Especially the 16, 17. Yeah Man, come on man. But it's about time they getting them. They deserve the money man. They Deserve it. So, but if you was to get paid you, how much you think you would've got like to go to Arizona from out here? I think it would've been a lot. I, everybody always talks about how much money I got from going to Arizona. I didn't, I didn't get a dime. Go to Arizona. Ah nah. I believe I know you got some money. Mm Damn. Not until I got there. When I got there I got some money. I didn't get none to go there. But when I got there I definitely made my rounds bi. About 800 Tom?


Yeah. Oh for sure out the gate. But he was the number one, high number one point Guarders class. He was a Gatorade player of the year at 96. I'm looking at these guys now like you getting some backups and stuff now making million, $2 million. They got a football player from Texas. The backup quarterback Talking about arch man. Yeah. You talking about money? Yeah. Making like $3 million ain't played a game yet. That's manning respect. Lineage. That's the line. Respect line. True. You got OG Henry though. That make Sense? Yeah. Everybody know Henry, Henry was like the most Henry, the most money Henry ever made in the season was 17,000. Bro.


Man what Damn. 17,000. The NBA di are owe owe But they owe, they owe some of the old guys Some money. They definitely do for you owe some money. Yeah, definitely do. Yeah. For Henry only clear 17. It's crazy. Yeah. That's crazy. That's crazy. I remember you was playing with Maurice Cheeks, Dr. J Doug Collins. Yeah, Steve. Yeah. Darl Dawkins. So you got a lot of guys with him. That's A squad. Yeah, but you can't hoop him and have to have a part-time job. That's crazy. Yeah, that's not pocket bro. Damn. That's a crazy, A lot of 'em was like that back then. It was For sure. Like we said, man we ain't Arizona and, and what you did in these shorts, man, like legendary stuff and I, man we gotta, we, you know, we talk about shoes on here man. And what you do for the shoe game, we just gotta start there.


How was that to be at like that school where they was like the testing site for all the, the dope shit? We really weren't, we just, you know what happened, I'm gonna tell you a story of how we got the phones we got. So back then everybody always like if your uniform was red and white, you wore the same color as your uniforms white. You know what I mean? So the Nike guy comes before the tournament and was like, Hey, I got a shoe for you guys, it's not out yet and it's not your color. But as soon as he says it's not out yet, I said, I don't, I don't care what color I need them, I need. So they gave one pair of everybody on the team. Some of the guys warm, some of 'em didn't. And I just think that me wearing them and being on the court all the time kind of set it off for me winning the championship.


And you know, penny was pissed that we wore the shoes before him so he didn't get a chance to wear it. So we got to wear 'em before him. So I don't think he ever even wore those ones that we had. And it was crazy 'cause he was just like, man, it been one thing, you know I'm saying how it worked out. He was like, but man I seen Miles as Simon in my shoe before me. He was talking about He was, he was. They told us too. But I mean it made the shoe blow up. It made the shoe iconic. Yeah. So what else can you ask for With that happening? I'm surprised like you didn't go with like Nike full way. I know you was with Nike, with Jordan, but like how you deal with those shoes and how the phones blew up. I'm surprised. I ain't see like, man, this dude is, But man it wasn't like, it isn't like it was back then how it is now, you know?


Yeah. Stuff like that. But Jordan and Poon was the only two shoes that came at me. Nike didn't really come at me so damn Poon was giving the most money out at that time and they, you know, we got Puma so it was like a million dollars or something they was giving out. And so they sent me a box and I opened the box and I was like man, I can't wear this. The shit, the shoe was like this long, you know? And it was just had the Puma thing on the side. It was like sway. Yeah. So I mean it was like they had You hooping in the clocks. I said man I can't. I said, I told him, I called my agent, I said Dave, I can't wear this, I can't. And he was like, you wanna go with, I could probably get you with, would you wear Jordans?


I said fucking right Shit me. Yeah. And so when he put it on there, so it was a done deal. So I was, I was with Jordan for my whole 14 year career. Damn. That's funny. 'cause you almost had a situation with Puma. Yeah, I did almost go with Puma. This was some, you know, they was starting, it Was a little bit more updated by the time. Yeah because nobody was in basketball yet. That was like the first basketball stuff going on. They sent me soccer shit. It was like all fluorescent colors in 98 and Fluorescent wasn't really it back then. You know what I mean? That the vibes. Yeah. You was gonna be their first Freddie. I do. No, but I got a crazy story about when I was 10 years old when y'all played in Indianapolis, the final four.


Yeah, I met you Where At? Yeah. You was coming, getting on the bus. We was outside. I told you I was a badass kid so we was out there And. we was like, yo, you can sign this and you signed a paper for me. Really? And I was like, yeah. That's when you became like, I was like, I like Mike Bibby, he's 'cause you signed the paper. And I'm like, oh Mike Bibby is cool. He cool, he cool. But I was 10 years old. Y'all was in India? Indianapolis. So you might've been younger than that. Well I was what, 10? Nah, Because I was 18. Okay. So I had to be like eight. Yeah. Something. But Y was in Indianapolis. Yeah, We sure were. Yep. I had a steak and shake after the game. Yep. Damn right there in Illinois. That's crazy. Yeah. And you signed? Yep, signed my order. Girl, I'll never forget that. Then when I fast forward, I remember telling my mom, 'cause my mom remembered too and when I got drafted I was like, they was like Mike Bibby on the team.


I was like damn. Like everybody head like Hoops still hooping. And they was like, yeah, Mike's a starting guard. He is gonna be coming back 'cause you just had signed a new deal with us. Yeah. He was like, yeah he is gonna be coming back. He's going to teach you the ropes and stuff. And I was like damn. I got his autograph when they played in the final four. That's crazy. They Was like, what Year was that? 97. 97? Yeah. He was like, you should tell him that. And I was like, I ain't gonna tell him that shit. Yeah, I had a cold college chain because that following year y'all went to, did I go to the Elite Eight? Elite Eight? We got our ass kicked by Utah. Yeah. Y'all Lost by Utah. But you had a killer game. I think you had like against Utah?


Nah, before that y'all Fight against Maryland. I think he Had like 26 I believe. Yeah. Beat the shit outta Maryland and then yeah they put a, they put a triangle and two on us in Utah. So like they said, you know, I think he talked to, so the coach was Jeris, right? Maj. And he talked to a NBA coach, I forget which one. And he was, he said try this defense. And he said like if the other guys would've hit some shots that he would've got out of it. But some of our other guys, everybody was cold that game we lost. But like I think we almost loved like 25. Yeah they beat High as Miller on that team. Yeah. Yep. Doac. Yep.


Yeah. But they beat the shit out Us Miller would killing And he probably still somewhere killing somebody. He open gym, open Run LA Finish is still probably handed out work that Great. Nice. Is that when you knew like, yeah I'm done with this shit? Yeah, After the game was over there they kept asking me the questions. I already knew what I was gonna do. I mean there's nothing else for me to do, you know? Yeah. They wanted me to leave my freshman year and then I was like, I'm not ready man. I'm too, I don't, I'm not ready mentally, physically not. And then after my sophomore year I was like, shit, I'm ready now. Would you Play the year of the conference your freshman Year? No. Sophomore year. Sophomore year. Sophomore year. Yeah. Okay. Sophomore year. I, I was and that's why I knew it was time to go. What'd you think you would've went if you left your freshman year?


You think you would've been? I mean probably think I probably would've went the first round. I don't know. Like that shit that was AI in them I think. Yeah. I Was just wondering what they draft hell of a draft to duck. Yeah, that's what I said I that was a good point Decision That was Sharif and them. Yeah, That was smart. Was a smart decision. I just wonder if you thought you would go like above Steve Nash? I wasn't ready. I wasn't ready. I knew I wasn't ready and that's why I was just like, fuck it, I'm gonna stay. I'm gonna stay man. Get another year and go out and kill and and see what I gotta do. 'cause I was, my girl got pregnant that that summer so I was like shit, I gotta make it now. You know what I'm saying? So. Damn that's real. And what's crazy is, I mean we going to jump back around but your PE game but the George was so crazy.


I had a homeboy shout out to my homie Dre, when you see this, he gonna laugh. He had got a pair of PEs from somebody that he had had that I ended up getting 'em from him. The nine lows, the white and purples. One of my prizes was just I've ever had from the shoe. What's one of your favorite PEs you had? 'cause you had a lot of heat. I'm either say the nines or the thirteens. Those are probably the best ones. I mean those are the most comfortable ones to play in. What? Some Mines kill My feet. I mean, but shit, now they do. But Back then they was made different. Yeah. So if you play in them now, you're used to playing the comfortable shoes. But I mean they were all lows. So like how the lows came about. 'cause at, at the beginning of the season, they'll send you like a little booklet like with all the shoes they might have you wear during the year.


And it was all, you know, the fives and nines and everything. And I was just like, can you make 'em a low top? And they were like, yeah, we probably making the low top. So, and that's when me and Derrick Anderson started getting those low tops and they started cutting everything and the fives, the twos, the nines, thirteens, everything. So it kind of just played out and it just like, you know what, just give us all the low tops. That's far. So y'all really basically started the low tools and all that stuff that Came up. I mean you could probably say that. Yeah. 'cause I mean, 'cause no one else in the, in the brand was wearing lows except me and Da. Yeah, DA said that all that though. Yeah, we talked about that. Yeah. So man, it's just, I mean it was a good, the thing was good about, it's that you get the shoes like two months early.


Yeah. And just wearing Mike, not now, but I mean the, the players that get that are playing now get 'em earlier, you know, they kind of shade us a little bit to the, to the end. But you know, they still take care of me. Get a box every month. So it's good. Shout to jb. I mean that's crazy. You know Jeff is a crazy sneak here. So Bibi being your teammate, you know what I'm saying? He was Adidas when you was Right? Nah, when I first got there I was Nike and then I went to Adidas. I remember when I was, we was playing y'all one time I had Adidas on. He was like, man, what the fuck. But when I first got there, I had Nikes but I was, I used to look at his, in his closet, his little cubby they had at the arena. I used to look in there. Then I used to go to the back with Zach.


I'd be like, lemme get them. He'd be like, he going to kill me, man could not touch those. So I was Like, that shit, you coulda had anything you wanted. All you had to do was, I know, but I used to be scared. 'cause you used to be so like nah, you'd be like, you could have them be Team Jordans. I say that. Nah, you took care of, but all You had do I have to, you Know the PEs though, like, because you was like, your PEs was hard at that time. You had the, you got the red and white 12 PEs. Yeah. And I was like, baby I can eat was like no man. The only, they only gave got Two weirdos told me, he was like, I only got one. So I was like shit. And there were high tops. I didn't, I didn't even plan. I still got 'em. Yeah, they was hard though. I was like, can I get those? He was like, nah, not these.


And then he came out the back. He like, you can have these though. I swear I got 'em. I'm gonna show y'all. Because he signed them. He was like, you have these, they some junk. I'm gonna send you a picture. I got them. You signed them. I was like, they hard though. I was like, they they, they PEs but Shit. So they, they, they only gave like the thirteens and the twelves they gave us. But it was only like two pair. Yeah, I remember. So Joe was with 'em too. So kind of gave us like the same, they gave us different colors but it was like two of each. Nah, but you showed me enough love with the sneakers. So when you gave me that 25th anniversary pack, I was like, I came over your crib and you was like, alright man, go ahead. I'm like, what? He was like, you can get, get them. Then you, I started picking up something. He was like, hold on, I'm, I need to keep them.


It was like the all white teams you like. No, and He and he was with Nike man. He could have got anything he wanted. I wasn't big enough yet. Nah. But it's all love. He always showed me love though. So for sure man we gotta talk about your career. Obviously you know, we know you to Arizona, then you get to the league man you got to go to Memphis and you know what I'm saying? I was in Vancouver. Vancouver. Excuse. He was the grizzlies. How was that? That first prince just going from, you know what I'm saying, zone to Canada Again. Our ass kicked every night And expansion team. So Man that shit, we started out, it was a 50 game season that year. So we started out four and four. Guess what? We ended up, Shit, I'm scared to say you that 1 10 0 8 42.


Shit. So we went through damn Streak. We had three double dig illusion streaks in the 50 game season. Shout out to the bevy. It was fucked up because I mean we, we were in a lot of games. We were just, we were young. Our, our two, our vet, our vets, our superstar players were country reeves. He was 23. Country res was 20. You know what I mean? Those are our superstars. So we n no one really knew how to win. Yeah. You know what I mean? So we'd being games just at the end we fold. Haw jerseys was tight. Yeah, It wasn't back then though. Yeah, look them Michael was hard. The black ones were nice. The blacks Was hard. But the white and the teal, we used to be like, man we hate wearing this shit Man.


Hey listen, I ain't gonna hold you that teal grizzly jersey in the hood. Yo grizzly jersey. That grizz, that's like the light blue pillow jersey. That shit go man. I respect, I hate that y'all lost every motherfucking game when niggas wanted that swer. Yeah, I definitely that for sure. Definitely wanted that. How good was Sharif at that time? He was a bucket. Yeah. Like anytime he'd get it. I mean he was, he was just his his, he could score on anybody. He, you know, his jump hook. He could, he could take you, he could shoot the jumper. He was just young man.


Like for you to be that young and have to lead a team, especially when you're that bad, like, you know what I mean? All our, all our vets were guys from teams that knowing like, like they gave up. Yeah. You know what I mean? Expansion draft. Yeah. So I mean it, it was tough going into the, to a team like that and having your superstars being your best players and no one could lead you in di the right direction. You know what I mean? How you feel about him and Tim Thomas. Who do you think was better I how to go with Sharif Man High school. Tim Thomas was an animal. Yeah. They just hear stories about him. That's why I wanted to ask you animal, But, but I mean like just from being, being close with Sharif and watching him play, yeah I'd have to go with Sharif.


'cause I mean it was like effortless. You know he averaging 20 something points is his, his first year and just keeping the same face and you know what I mean? Just, just, just scoring buckets. So yeah, he was wrong reef man. Okay. For sure man. You know what I'm saying? I had some tough times with the Griz But then yeah, real tough. But then you got to it when you went to Sacramento. I Won more games in Sacramento my first year than three years. That is, And I'm not even because I was Like borderline 61 10 your First year. We won 60, we won 62 games my first year. Yeah. In Sacramento. And I know we didn't win that in three years in Vancouver because I added up, we got eight Started Like 8 24 Nigga start putting, they figure out to Cal, you know Did 58 games in my three years compared to 62 in the one year in Sacramento.


Damn. What was like, what was That like when getting a chance to go to Sacramento with CWE and those guys and the team that was on the verge of already being good and then you go there and you make 'em great. It was, it was like kind of unbelievable because I knew, you know, rest in peace. Micah High, he was the owner of the team my last year in Vancouver. He was like, you know, we're gonna move to Memphis next year. We're gonna start fresh. We want to get you a spot. 'cause a lot of own, you already know Jeff, a lot of owners aren't gonna come and tell you that they're gonna put you wherever the hell they wanna put you, send you off to make them better. So he came to me, he's like, where, where would you if we trade you, where would you want to go? He's like, gimme your five top five places. So I gave him like, you know, I gave him Phoenix 'cause I'm from here.


I gave Sacramento. I might have even gave 'em Indiana to tell you the truth. 'cause I mean they was, back then they was kind of like the one of the top teams. So I wanted to go in and be on a good team and he's like, well where's the number one team you want to go? And I told him, I said Sacramento. And so I didn't hear nothing about it again until I got traded. So I was out, I was at the gym, it was like midnight and I'm working out. So my brother's like, you know Dane D times, everybody know D so he get a call, they just traded your brother to Sacramento. So he's like, they just traded you Sacramento. I said bullshit that wouldn't, I wouldn't heard about it. So I went to my car, you know, and you, you got this Vancouver number, you got the Sacramento number.


Like something happened. And so going there, I didn't know how the fans would take me in. How the, how the team would take me in replacing Jay will. Jay will. And I mean they made me feel like I was there my whole, my whole career man that's, it just made the so easy just to go in there and play and just be accepted and just made it easy for me. And what's so crazy, like the team that y'all had would've been so good in today's area. I kinda like set the trend for that. Like y'all changed like the way that they played, especially adding you, y'all would've went crazy in this area. I mean I went crazy in that era too but y'all would've been so good now especially with the position because I think Chris Web is one of the most underwriter players ever. Yeah, I Webb's probably one of the best superstars I played with.


Probably him, him and Melo I would say. But just going there, the thing that the thing, we held himself accountable so that kind of trickled down to everybody and that what made it so good to where it wasn't pointing fingers at anybody and and doing that. But he always, he fucked up. He was always like, shit that's my bad. I'm gonna get it right. And that kind of opened the thing. Well you know what, shit Webb could say it. I could say it. You know what I mean? So that's kind of trickled down made it so good. Vladi was, I think Vladi was the leader on that team. I kind of going to Atlanta, I kind of brought Vladis style to Atlanta. You know I come and you know we gamble at the table or when we land where we going to eat, we gonna go stop and eat us somewhere.


Everybody coming. You know what I mean? So that's what kind of made us, you know, feel comfortable with each other on the court. You gotta be, you gotta be friends on the off the court man in order to be a good Team man. Yeah And that's interest to hear that we've heard that. You know what I'm saying? Been around this week, heard him from a couple players, said like that real chemistry's off the court. If you can get on off the court if I ain't rocking it's evident when, when shit get real on the court For sure. Yeah. I was one of the most unselfish teams that I saw bro. Elite Passing. They had two elite passing bigs. Oh That was crazy. Then y'all had my most underrated six man, Bobby, Jack that mob, that was my guy on two On live bro and being live, he get that thing up and he wasn't looking to do nothing else. He was a real six man bro. Bobby Jack 24.


Yeah he was shooting that. He was getting that fuck up bro. That's My guy too. Shoot that bitch every time. But think about all the players I actually had though. Like Gerald Wallace on the bench. You got he who you had all these guys you played with in Sack that Gerald was 19 at the time too. Crazy. Damn. He just came from high school. But I mean it was just like everybody was okay with whoever score as long as you was winning. It wasn't like I've been on teams with like if you don't, if I don't get my points I'm gonna be on the plane shitty. Yeah. You know what I mean? And and there was never a time when that happened in Sacramento. Not one time. Yeah because Pedro was putting that my fuck up there.


Yeah, yeah I remember he is 16 too. So lot. My favorite shooters Is too, he was 16, He was nice. Cliff, he elite, he was super nice. But people don't know how tall Heo is too. Yeah, HEO about 6, 8, 6, 9, 2. Yeah. But he, and he was the reason why that magic team was so good. People talk like yeah people sleep like, but him peeing a six, eight point guard for that team changed that whole situation with them. He's A funny motherfucker too man. He can't understand shit. He says you ever play with him? Nah, I didn't play with You can't stand shitty sir. You Just shake your ass. I Now you speak about your like your way of leading. Like when I first got in the league, like I took everything so serious like before the game.


I was like yeah I wanna play like we had preseason games. I'm all serious and I'll never forget our first preseason game. Wood is talking and you take a piece of paper and you like boom and it hit wood in the head. And I'm like, I remember this shit man. I'll never forget because I was so like listening to what Wood saying like like I'm in college like ready to run through a wall. He like let's go out there and play good. You like grab a piece of paper like flinging. I was like what the fuck? He was like wood, that's he like wood we got it man go on man. He was like, Mike go on man. You know how Wood was with you. He was Mike. They was like brothers. They would be joking man Mike With Woody. That was probably one of my favorite coaches. Woody. So look at this story with Woody.


Right. So I'd always go into Woody's office. I don't know if you were there yet. Were you there when you almost spot somebody in the locker room? Oh he yeah, yeah, Yeah. So look he pulls me in, he Pulls me. Oh shit. That's crazy. Damn. He pulls me in the office like before, before the PR the shooting round. He's like hey you think I should start a go try to start a fight with somebody and just light a fire on their ass? I'm like you gotta make sure you pick the right motherfucker out there. I don't have to get your ass whooped. What he told he gums in there? I think he started going at Mo Mo Mo? Yeah so he started so he started talking shit but then he thinking his coach is gonna hold him back but Mo got up outta sea, they had to hold Mo back and then remember that and they Mo was about to whoop his ass and then he took me, we got done, he went in the back in the office.


He's like that was good right there to shit. You lucky they had that motherfucker back because he was about to fuck you up. Hey the way he used to mess with Mo bro. Hey Mo was the easy to Mo was easy to get in Mo's head. That's why Were you there when they made him grow his hair out? No I wasn't never Right you Had to because by last year, Oh man I would've been crying. Oh I was that bullshit. So we got some Mo here, you know you seen Mo been ball since like 87. Mo a was my guy though. But so so we get there. So we put a get, we put a bet together, me, Joe and Smooth we'll give you $10,000 for every month you grow your hair.


So he comes out this shit about that high and so nap your shit. So he, I keep, he grown it though, you know what I mean? Like we didn't think it could grow. So remember we were in Phoenix before they traded me. So I, we, we as in walkthrough we I I was saying, I was like today's the trade deadline. If anybody owe anybody money he better get that shit today. 'cause we don't know who gonna be here tomorrow. They traded him. They, he's got traded with me to Washington and so I asked him, I asked him like a month ago, did he, did anybody pay you? He said shit, you the only one that paid me man. I said damn they didn't give you, he grew his hair out for nothing bro. I'm the only one that paid him Yo.


He used to mess with Mo so much. They used to play this UFC game before practice all the time. F he will whoop his ass every day I'll be coming in, I'll be listening to him Mo be like damn dude no fingers move fast with my, he would mess with him every day. Like Bo fucking sucks. Remember the shoes he used to wear? So he used to wear these trying out. I hate fucking with Mo. Mo's my guy. Yeah I love Mo too. Talk shit about Mo. Shout to Mo but he, he coming Withers. Remember the Jordan Reers used Shriners damn Mo. I said Mo come on man you got socks on, you no socks Used, wear no shows man. I'm like Mo come on man you gotta, you gotta put something on man.


I with them Shriners. They Now man he used to play NBA games in those. Yeah He did. Damn I love Mo but I, the last thing about Mo, 'cause I love Mo he was cool. He was super cool but they hung his outfit up. What they hung it up in the locker room bro. From the top of the ceiling bro. With the pen shirt every like locked the shoes locked on. He hung it up bro. Mo came in from shooting. Oh my god I lost it bro. He was so mad And he had these True Religion Gene y'all retired on shit was so funny.


That shit in bro like hang more outfit up, look at this shit. And they just had it. That shit terrible. It was like it was my fault bro. But that shit was so funny bro. That was my rookie year. I couldn't believe it's the NBA bro. I was like what's going on? You gotta have fun man. You with each other for nine months. You gotta, you gotta make the best of every situation man. You with you with the guys when you're with your family. That's for sure. For sure. You know what I mean? So you gotta have fun man. For sure man. I gotta ask about this 'cause obviously them Sacramento teams was crazy when y'all like heard or call Win that the shit was real with the Tim Donahue stuff. Like how was that reaction amongst dog because Like that's it. We knew that before he came out. Damn.


It was, I mean it's a funny situation because Chuckie Brown, you know Chuckie Brown's 14 seasons. He, I'm, I'm, I'm in my, I'm in my fourth and I'm talking cash shit in LA So like the Malu was the best owners ever. Like they put you at movie premieres, they put you at these, they put you at this and in order to be seen and stuff. So I was at movie premieres in the red carpet talking shit shit's over with. Ain't nothing they could do, ain't nothing. They can't stop us on the radio talking shit. So I mean Chucky Brown pulled me so they might, you know if they bringing a certain crew it's gonna go a certain way. I was like man, bullshit man. It's the NBA ain't no way we're up 20 points every game.


Ain't nothing. Even if they do aint can stop. Right. And so just watching that man, just seeing, looking back now that shit makes me sick man. 'cause I think we could, that could have been our championship. I mean it was for damn sure. And so going and playing New Jersey, they swept New Jersey. I think we beat the shit out New Jersey that year or too. I think we'd be by 50 I think one time going to New Jersey. But it was just yeah mean it's just sad to see. I mean we, we had that we kinda shit the bad game seven but I really don't think it should have got to game seven. Nah I shouldn't have. Like you said, when you look back, especially the team y'all had was so crazy and then for that to come out and then for them like to after it comes out, y'all know and it's publicized but then for people like to romanticize about it, it's just like that's so crazy that like, especially like y'all work so hard for moments and play your ass off to be in 'em situations.


We know how many things have to fall in line perfectly to win the championship is like to play your ass off and to have as just like, What the fuck? That still makes me sick man. Like there even like Robert Hor shot, like I watch the highlights and still watch the shit and I'll cut it off before that, before that going. I remember that shit like it was yesterday watching that motherfucker boom walking in the locker room. Damn we gotta go one more. That Broke everybody hard. Man. I think the whole world was pulling For y'all. They they were getting, they had our champagne already out in the, in the locker room. Shit. They had to, they had to put all that shit back. Damn, damn, damn. I Was for y'all niggas just had a moment of silence over sitting Was all because I figured about the champagne.


That was, that was Pivotal bro. Yeah, I'm thinking about the champagne. I be like yeah, I remember when we won we had that champagne that's fucked up. Yeah, you got you one. That's all that, that's all that matters. You get to go home and take one home man. That's what, that's what it's about really. You could say not many people say they won NBA championship man. Yeah, For real. For real. Congratulations on that. A finally got him one. I was so, So it's good man. Y'all deserve it Man. Man. Appreciate it. For sure. I gotta ask man, what was your favorite city that you played in? Favorite what? Favorite city. I like playing home man. I like being in Phoenix just because I get to see my family. I get to stay at home. I always love coming back home. I have 50 people at the game. Yeah, a hundred people at the game, you know what I mean?


Just going and just playing in front of your family and friends. It's, I love coming back home. Hi everybody, it's Savannah Guthrie from The Today Show. As we head back to work, back to school, back to everything we wanna help you turn your to-Do list into your today list your morning routine healthy meals and workout plans. We've got you covered so you can take it all on with simple solutions to help you through the day. Everything you need to know before heading out the door. So join us every morning on NBC because every day needs today


The fall is creeping up on us but we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop. And Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest booty haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay, they'll find the one again and again. The latest sneakers drop. You can't stop thinking about one of a kind streak where you're dying to wear a fresh collabs you didn't know you needed. But of course your appetite goes beyond what's on your feet On eBay, you'll feature your eyes on the full meal of hard to find fines. Start with some fresh kicks and then fall in love with a pair of nineties denims or a vintage leather jacket to style them perfectly. Then make the designer collab your main course. The cherry on top of timeless watch or iconic rear handbag and the jewelry of your dreams all expertly authenticated. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Have you made the switch to nix? Millions of women have made the switch to the revolutionary period. Underwear from Nix, that's KNIX period. Panties from Nick's are like no other making them the number one leakproof underwear brand in North America. They're comfy, stylish, and absorbent perfect for period protection. From your lightest to your heaviest days. They look, feel and machine wash just like regular underwear but feature incognito protection that has you covered. You can shop sizes from extra small to four xl. Choose from all kinds of colors, prints, and different styles. From bikinis to boy shorts, thongs to high-rise. You've got to try nix. See why millions are ditching disposable, wasteful period products and have switched to Nix. Go to KI x.com and get 15% off with promo code. Try 15. That's knicks.com promo code. Try 15 for 15% off life changing period underwear. That's KI x.com.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.


When you leave Sacramento, you come to Atlanta and what's that like? 'cause that first year y'all in Atlanta, well maybe your second year, whatever year y'all played the Celtics in the playoffs. Yeah, That was the first year I think. Yeah. Y'all got it cracking. It was, I mean it was different because like I said, no one really, I don't think me and Joe were the only two people that ever been in playoffs. Yep. And so for the come there and have the city on fire like that and take them to seven, I mean we got our ass beat every time in Boston. But I mean we, we had that shit on fire in, in Atlanta and was just, I think it had to do, I'm not saying it was all me, but I think it had to do with a lot of just bringing the guys together and just hanging out and just, you know, trusting people and and shit like that.


So I mean just being a city like that and putting that on fire was, it was fun man. Yeah because I came the next year and the buzz was still there when I got drafted. It was like Zaza had the, the fight video with KG shit. It was just like yeah he had the rocky, he had the rocky stuff going. Yep. It was just like a buzz in the city. And I was like, See you got to see it. You didn't get to see it when it was really bad. 'cause it used to be really bad there. Nah, like 10 years before they made the playoffs. Yeah, I only seen the good. Yeah. So yeah they was po but Steven Jackson was there. It was wicked. It was wicked. He wasn't wicked. I de mos jersey. Yeah, they was nasty. Yeah, I only seen the good so, but when I got there Vivian and them, they was, it was rolling.


Yeah. So I came into a winning team. So were you there with Flip? Nah, I wasn't there But you, you probably don't remember. He had just left and so, you know, how smooth is he? Like you took AC Lost spot and you took flip spot and I'm like, I, I don't even know who they are. I'm like okay, But AC was young. Oh. I think it was like ac like second year. Yeah. I'm like alright. He's like, you took they spot, they gonna be at you because we played 'em in the preseason and flip made me fall. Flip was cold motherfucker man. Oh he Was first, he made a lot of people fall. No, he hit me with a snatch back and I fell. I looked at the bench. Joe Smith was like this. I looked at Big Ben looking The other way.


That's why, that's why you can't play defense that that hard man you gotta, you gotta lay back A little bit. That's why I got the as Contest the shot. He, he made me so big. Josh stand up pointing at YM like ah this Shit, that's a crazy motherfucker. I like the story that you told about his shooting threes too. He was ya he wasn't lying about that. That motherfucker used to boo Smoot when you that And He turn around like fuck Smooch, that's the home fan. You can't do that. The whole Yeah like he would just shoot it just because to show them shut the fuck up.


Yeah. You know what I mean? That's the way Smooth was. So You remember the bet you made with him? You man, you don't remember shit. I know you gotta bring it up. You bet him like maybe like five or $10,000 that he, he can shoot. He couldn't shoot more than 10 threes that year and he would shoot all right. Right in front of the three point. Yeah but he had, it was like his best year. Y he should have made the All Star team. It might, it was my first year. Yeah. Remember that? And he would not shoot threes, he would just pump fake, take a step in. He was making them and he was like, he would not shoot. He like Biy I did that won the three that won the three. I was like damn, but it worked. I'm like damn Biy really playing like mine. He figured like he figured smooth out like Man he's the most athletic player I play with and, and that I've seen playing with that motherfucker would do whatever he want if he get in the open court.


That's why I try to just, you try to get, get him in open court to give him the ball to where he doesn't, he's not standing and spotting up. He was a monster in in the, in the, in the open court man. He was one of the smartest players I played with. He, I'll never forget, he told me, Hey you wanna shoot the ball team? I was like, yeah. He's like, when you get in, just go stand right next to Joe. And I was like why He like, they gonna double team. They gonna pass it to you. Yeah. You gonna be wild. He like it work. Every time Rob was on a bitch crying Joe like cut through smooth, Smooth like go ahead. Smooth and smooth in the way so he get a shot. Smooth know what he doing A smooth crazy. Were you there, You were there when we used to play that game after, during practice?


Yeah the shooting Game? No, where you shoot. Oh Tip game. Yeah. We used to have this fucked up game that, remember Larry Drew got pissed when we used to have this game. Right. So like it was like $500. So if it, if it touched three hands, yo 1500 to the person that yo thousand of Jeff and 500 and me. So Oh I could, so we'd be running the play on you run, you running the offense, boom boom, someone shoots a jumper, They'll start tipping that Motherfucker the would start sprinting at you. So like if it missed, I'll tip to Jeff, Jeff tip back to me and I'd make it, you owe me a thousand yo owe him 500. So we shooting that like during, we like running plays like it's a fucking Practice bro.


Say I can't take shit serious. Like, I mean every, every shot motherfucker was shooting just take off full speed, full speed and just fucking the person up to where they can't tip it. So once the ball hits the ground it's over with. So remember LD was like man do that shit after the after Practice. So we used to like, after practice it'd be like five or six of us we'd get, we shoot five shots. You can't move until you make the three. So if you make, if you make off five, you don't owe no money. But if you mi if you miss and you fuck them up and they don't make it or they make it, you gotta, you gotta owe them the money man. They start doing that shit for anything though. Like motherfucker just be shooting by himself. Come outta nowhere. You only 15.


I wouldn't even shoot a jumper in practice. I was like shooting, he don't count. He don't count. I was like thank you bro. Please bro. They was crazy as hell playing tips. Yeah that practice, that's crazy serious as hell. This in the playoffs, all type of shit. And. We had fun. He gotta have fun man. We had fun out there. I like these dudes was crazy man. We gotta ask, you know what I'm saying? So you was young nachos, but how was he as a rookie man? He was just, I mean you could tell that he was like kind of under the, under the bright lights to where he'd listen to anything he say. 'cause he like everything they tell him. Like, you couldn't take, you couldn't, I didn't take anything what he said serious. You know what I mean? But he like coming in, he would have to, he had to listen, you know what I mean? Like he's, his mindset was like, I gotta do what I gotta do to get some playing time.


So he was gonna try to stay in the right, that's why they got Jordan Crawford out there because they, they didn't want him, Jordan to corrupt Jeff JC They Put Jordan in the fucking trade with me when send me the fucking, the fucking wizards Shout to my nigga jc JC wanna do. Yeah, but they, because they didn't want Jeff to be corrupted, man. But I mean, but Jeff, Jeff was quiet, you know? I mean, he played his role. He wanted to like, he wanted to, I don't wanna say fit in, but as far as just like being a rookie man, being a rookie eyes wide open, you're playing against superstars that you watch been watching on TV for years. And I mean, like I could, I knew he was gonna be something special when the time came. You know what I mean?


Just, I mean, it was good that I think to come for him to come to a team that was winning, you know? And have some good vets for him to get him ready for that. Because you get the shitty team motherfuckers because ain't gonna help you. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you go to like a fucked up team. You gonna be sitting there, you gonna be by yourself all night, you know what I mean? I'll see you tomorrow walking in right before practice starts. And it ain't gonna be, it ain't gonna be. That's how it's gonna be. Damn. Well he was in your prom though. That's what I want to ask you. Like, who was one of your toughest matchups that you knew you had a Ain't no Belvedere nigga, we gotta Go to bed, say Marberry. Marberry. I mean, you're like, I was never the defensive player anyway. I heard So, So my, my main thing is like, shit, you going, I, I would always guard, I'm gonna say the weakest player, but the guy that's really not gonna get the most shots.


So fucking Doug Christie don't need me guarding them. Bobby Jackson. What? Bobby Jackson on. So, I mean, the main thing, like my thing was with Marberry, 'cause Marberry, he gonna get 30 shots. He's strong, he's quick, he's fast. And he was just, I mean he's gonna like, he's the type of guy that, like, when you go against a point guard, his mindset was like, okay, these are the guys that they have trying to come up against me. I'm gonna go out there and try to bust his ass. Yeah, he had that mentality like for real. Yeah, that was a light 20 and eight guarantee night. Yeah. So, yeah. Yeah. Marberry was tough, bro. He don't get spoke on enough. He almost made me tear my knee. Damn baby. Shit. He was in Phoenix and he, I kind of closed out to him half-ass close out and I think, okay, just shoot it.


So I kind of like, and he kind of hit me with a, huh. So I was like, shit, I went to like retreat and I just, I was, I like kind of sat down. I was like, damn. And I got up and I was, I played the rest of the game, but by the time the end of the game, my legs started, like, it started cramping. So I'm like, and that shit was like this big by the time, Damn. I said, man, please check. Make sure that shit ain't to, and they, I mean it wasn't torn. It was, it was sprained, but that shit, they had my knee like this, bro. That's the only first time that anybody shook me like that. See that's what he was playing defense. Yeah.


But it wasn't even, I was trying to let him shoot, but then, yeah, I was gonna at least try to, you know, kind of body him up if you, I can't just give him a straight line to the basket. No, for sure. Shit, he almost, he almost killed me man. I know Memphis was, I mean Vancouver is so shitty. But do you have a memorable game, like a career hire or anything from Vancouver that you remember? Like, damn, I remember playing my first game, the, the, the thing I remember it was a preseason game. We played the Blazers. So I mean everybody on their team was six, eight or tall except Meyer. Yeah. And I remember my first game and I turned around, they started, they were fucking full court pressing me and like Scotty Pippen rash, she, Wallace was fucking trapping me.


So that motherfucker had like from the start, bro, I, I could remember that like it was yesterday. I was like, damn, if this shit gonna be like this every night, I don't know if I want, I don't think I want to play. No, That's two of the greatest defenders going. You too. What? I'm saying like 6, 8, 6 9, they, I mean their team was big. So it was like coming the trap. I'm like, damn man. It was just like once I got out there, I was okay, but there's no really, I mean I had a lot of assists when I was in, in Vancouver, but that's the main thing. I played with my dude Ru Mdo roof. And all I did was just stand out there and pass him. He just jumped out. So I got, I got my highest, I led the, I was in the top 10 in assist for three years out there I think.


Yeah. So you got some good memories, nigga. It wasn't always sweet. Sorry, Vanko, you Got buckets getting drafted. I said I get drafted was a good memory. Yeah, yeah. You know, and I got a story on that too. I got, so it was between me and Oliver Candy to get drafted number one. So I got super agent David Falk and you know, he's like, yeah, they're gonna, they're gonna wait till the day of the draft to figure out who they're gonna pick. So the draft's in Vancouver and you know, when you sit at the table, you're there. So like he comes to my ear like, they're gonna take all over Candy. One Grizzlies are gonna take you to, I was like, fuck. But I mean, it's just been, I think there's nothing about the city.


I was just, I was 19, I just turned 20. I got a family. I don't wanna move to Canada man. Right. I wanna be in a different country. So I go up to the, I go up to the, the, the meeting rooms. I'm with the GM and the coach and my agent there and he was like, I remember looking out the window, man is, I'm from Arizona, y'all see how it is out here. We get 77 days in a row over a hundred degrees. So we, so we don't see no rain. So I'm looking out the window and it's raining, it's dark and it's noon. So I'm like, man, I just told him, I said, look, I don't wanna play here. It's, I told him, it's nothing against you guys, nothing against the city. The fans, the team.


I just, I told 'em the same thing. I'm young, I wanna be, I'm gonna pick you anyway. I said damn. And Then shit, 15 minutes later I was walking around the thing with a Vancouver ad man, it was three years of shit. You made it through though, dude. Yeah, my boy in a bed up there. You made it through bro. You went to the joint for a little bit. Got right facts, you know what I mean? What kept you though, like wanting to work on your game though? 'cause it seemed like you was depressed out there. Nah, I wouldn't say depressed, but damn. No, I mean I just, I mean, 'cause I mean we weren't like getting our ass kicked like that. I've always worked, you know, ever since I got to, when I got to U of A, I was working my ass off and it was like when I got to the league, I even worked harder.


So my main thing was just like, just be on top of your game and you know, things were trying out for good and, and the first pick was the Clippers. You know, back then it was a, that was a fucked up situation. Yeah, for sure. Was like the organization. I think everything happens for a reason man. So I mean, like I said, it meant Michael EY traded me to Sacramento Kings Without him, who knows what would've Happened. For sure, for sure. Legend was Built. For sure. For sure. I gotta ask you, I know obviously you still tuned the game, doing your coaching and staying on tune with it. What are some, you know, some of the young players remind you of yourself? I like, you know, there's some people like game, I don't know if they remind me myself, but I like, I like Dame.


I like some of that. I like Step, I love Steph like Steph's mindset and just the way that he plays and the shots and best shooter to ever play the game. And I, I remember all this shit once I leave here. But I mean I, I mean just I watch basketball, I like to see just Guy, it's a different game now. So it ain to say like it's a lot of dribble handoffs and stuff like that, but a lot of three point shooting. But my main guy, like if I had to pick one guy to like, I'm gonna go at the end I'm have have to say Dame. Mm Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Dame Raw And, we, we talked to Dame regular and it is like he don't get enough.


Just do, he does how good he is. He doesn't, He don't get enough. Just Do. And he does it. He does it at the right time of games, you know what I mean? So like a lot of game winners and stuff like that. But I mean he's top dog. That's one of the thing that you like you did too. You hit big to shots like in the clutch. You always showed up even when you was in Atlanta. I remember we used to run that out of bounds play. I run it for my high school team. We used to the back screen. Yeah. I was running the big three. Damn swear running Big three. Damn. What? He had some good plays Man. Yeah, but I just remember used to make big shots off there. You look, set the back screen, get the ball come off one, two, dribble, pull up. Same.


My thing is strong, mine's a strong thing man. So I always like, I've always had strong mind I could be playing golf and then be down 40 strokes on whole 18. I still think I've got a chance to win. You don't, That's, Nah, I brought you out about come back of the century, I, I put enough work in like I worked hard enough on my shot to bro. Every shot I took I thought was going in. So I mean it is just, just putting in the time That motherfucker pick and roll with you and see Webb used to be so deadly too. What killed him was Webb's jumper. Like we Webb, like I said, I don't even think Webb gets enough credit that he should be getting it. Definitely don't. In fact, I mean he's probably the best big man passer probably ever played the game top three for sure.


And I mean he had the soft hands, he'd catch anything you throw to him, knocked down the jump shot. And the main thing with him was that he held himself accountable. That's what made him the top top player that I played with. Yeah, because he used to set you up for all kind of open js. Like He knew he was still gonna end up with 28 like Yeah exactly. He still was making the pass. We still gonna score 28 points, you know. Yeah, for sure. So You play with some, some cold players like you just said C we underrated should be one of the top power force of all time. But like you play with Mellow, you play with Joe Johnson always go back and forth and say who was the better isolation player Shit.


And I always picked Joe. I think Joe was the best isolation player I ever seen. I mean it's tough. They both, I think they're both two different types. Joe kind of used his strength more. Yeah. And, and Mea was more used. Use his height to where like he'll shoot over you or step back or something like that. One dribble pullups. But I mean shit, that's a hard, that's a hard decision to make. Oh, He put you in the ringer right there? Yeah, I mean he played with Ble, he seen him up close. That's a good question bro. That's, That's tough though. A good question. I don't even know if I got an answer on that. I'm taking Melo just because to me, well y'all niggas was in the league, but I'm saying I just feel like Mellow had that inside game too. But Joe did too though. Joe used to Post, I know Joe had that post worker like mellow Though.


Joe had it. Joe was Sky hooking bus That low One to hand jumper together. Melo throwing that body in you God damn Andy Pulling up. You know what s strong Joe Is? I seen him in personally. He's built like LeBron James. I mean that's, that's a good, I mean you, you can't lose either way, but I don't think neither one of them get the justice that they deserve. No, they both cold for sure. Speaking of LeBron, you was a part of that, you know what I'm saying? In Initiat, that heat team, how was that? It was different man. It was something I wasn't used to it, you know what I mean? Like as far as, I wasn't playing that much anyway. I was playing about 12 minutes a game and just, it was different man. It was, it was nothing like I ever been in before as far as like body fat testing every week.


Damn. If you like, if you don't make the body fat test, you got to, you gotta do extra cardio. You gotta weigh yourself every week. No, I had to pay for one of my jerseys to take my jersey home. I had to pay for a jersey there. What? Yeah, pat didn't play. I think they keep all of 'em. I don't know what they keep 'em for but they, it was hard to get some stuff out of there and the pat and it was just different. I mean it was, it was something different that the Pat Riot has his own shit that he does and, but something I wasn't used to, it wasn't my best years or best time there. But like I said, I was playing a little bit of game and my mindset and I started, my mind started to go like maybe it's time for me to be done. Mm. You know?


Damn, I ain't know all that. Yeah. Yeah. Because especially with all the, the media circles that came with being on that team. Like you said, you transitioning your career. I can imagine that's a lot to deal with because that's a lot. Even now a lot of people don't wanna go deal with the, the Lakers 'cause they don't wanna deal with comes to playing with LeBron. I can imagine that exception. They y'all was getting hate. Yeah, everybody hated y'all at that time. And It, it was, it was, it was, it was crazy man. Because like every, like the hot, the hotels, I mean thousands of people outside of the hotels just waiting to get autographs and just everywhere you go when it, it was different. It was different. No, you was down there in the rockstar era with them. He called himself the heaters. Yeah. That was crazy. Texas for body fat every week is crazy. Yeah. Shit, I couldn't, I couldn't played for the heat.


Fuck. You know what's crazy, like testing body fat, talk about weight and stuff bro. You used to do perfect pushups in the middle of practice bro. See? Yeah. You told, you told Lou I didn't work out man, bro, you I saw Was pushups bro. All I ever seen you, you Seen our weight. You seen our weight room Atlanta. She was trying. It was terrible. Damn. It was, it was bad. It was upstairs. Have you been to Atlanta now? Uhuh Bro, I haven't been to like, it's nice. What they got a whole new facility off in and nowhere. It's, it's in Brookhaven man. It's unbelievable. Really unbelievable. But the weight room, you talking about trash? Yeah. That shit was terrible. Yeah, I had to do pushups bro.


He, he would be in the middle of practice. He had these perfect pushups. He would look to the side, he'd be like, get in there. He'd be doing perfect pushups. I'm like, this cannot be the NBA bro. I was on my way out man. I was trying to get you ready. I was like doing perfect pushups. What You start start hitting the weight room heavy though because you were not always felt like I, I always lifted but they, like, when I was in Sacramento, they kind of frowned upon lifting. So when I was in Sacramento, I came back one year and they were like, Mike, you can't keep lifting like that. You look like a linebacker. So I'm like, so you want me to, what you want me to do? Sit at home and do nothing? I got, I'm like, I lift Cardio Mike. No hell, I got hurt.


I got hurt twice. I'll never do cardio again. I got hurt twice. And they had me on the bike and on the armed cycle and on the thing for like 12 weeks straight, bro. I said never again. Yeah. I'm not going that shit ever again. Because bro used to talk about you like these motherfucker used to be on that shit. Nah, he, no, He came back for the big three. He said boy you should see Mike down Bro. Big bro. He was strong. You was strong as hell in 11. I used to be like, 'cause when I first met you, I'm thinking of Mike Bivy, you know I seen him in Sacramento. He, I walked up to him like, damn he Two 20. I was two. I was 2 0 5.


Well you was, you had an IG filter on twin on tv nigga. I know what Yeah, I know what they put on there. That shit wasn't real Bro. I was 1 95 bro. I was so I like 200, 2 0 5. No because I was, I was 2 0 5 when I got to New York Bro. Alright. It might just be chess. Your chest was out to here. Paul like, I'm like this dude. I'm like baby man. And you could, you could guard all big dudes. This Would be, he would tell Joe, take the point guard. He'd be guard somebody six, eight. They trying to post him up. Yeah. I'm like, y about to post him. Yeah, They gotta move me outside. Let weren't working.


He was so strong bro. I used to be like, man, he is too strong. Yeah, I don't remember you like that in sex. So when you start hitting, hitting away, I said yeah Mike, They like, I come into practice to do one bench, one pull down one leg, front and back and you're done. That wasn't enough dude, Shit. Hell no. They don't want you to lift though. But you look, I ain't gonna lie bro. I I, and I ain't staring at you like that. But you don't look as crazy as what this nigga made you say. Because I was, You gotta think I played because he was, I was looking for that thing on your neck. You vein Got, I seen him. I'm used to bib like hooping.


Shit. That was Like 20 years ago. But I didn't see you for a long time. So when I see I'm like god, me like a wrestler like it big as shit. But nah, you like you said you don't look crazy. B. Yeah. Like you work out a lot. Yeah. Oh shit. Because I don't remember you like that on 2K too bro. And I hate that. They keep putting me in the 2K shoes man. I one the fucking first daughter put me in 2K. Man. I get pissed. How the fuck they come me in two Ks? Man. Ronnie get that right. Get right. Yeah. Get that right man. See my boy got the trophy rooms. Oh get right. You know what I'm saying? You know the feasts Right? Yeah. Put me in something man. Shout out to Marcus. Yeah, for sure babe. We gotta ask man. What's your favorite Jordan of all time?


I probably have to go with the elevens man. Just, I like the, I think they're called cap and gowns. I like all black ones. Damn, you probably the only person in the world that like them. What you mean? Nobody like surprised By them all black ones, right? Yeah. Yeah. What you mean you don't like those? They they decent but not a lot of people. But You like the white and the black though, right? Nah, I like the concourse. They're not my favorite. I don't, I don't like elevens. I Like elevens man. Yeah, that's My favorite. He, he's a Columbia 11. That white and baby book. That's his. Yeah. All white one can't lose with the elevens. Yeah, you had the Cherry, cherry elevens when we was in Atlanta. Damn. The white with the red. You had the red patent leather.


They came, they end up coming out years later. But they gave 'em to you back then. You Know what I, I told 'em 'cause somebody was like, they had that, I seen them everywhere. So I'm like those gotta be fake. I never fucking seen them. Yeah. And the guy's like, shit, we had 'em for you. We just never gave them to you. I said they had 'em on nice kicks. That's what I'm saying. The but the Nike guys like, we had 'em, we just never gave 'em to you. I'm like, yeah, Damn. Nah. 'cause you had 'em in Atlanta. 'cause I remember when you, Zach, when I was coming, I was raid the joint. It was, it was probably a different one. I think they, oh but they gave me, they gave me a, a different one. It So you had a white and red 11. I was like, this is crazy. It was was called something else. I know exactly which one you're talking About too. And I was like, because Joe Had, Joe had them Navy. Navy and shit.


The Navy ones. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So those weren't the elevens. I was like, I can I get them. He was like, you have to ask Viv. I was like, I ain't, I'm whiling. I ain't gonna ask for them. See, you Could have took anything man. Nah, I Know when you gave me all, all them white ones bro. I said, I looked at you. I was like, you sure? He was like, yeah man go ahead. Merry Christmas. I'm like, yeah, this shit hard. I went home and you know You was what? 12 and a half and I was a 12. So I'm like shit, it's cool. Fuck it little big I'm wearing. I ain't tripping. What happened to them elevens My little brother man, he, he wore him to the club and got Hennessy all over. I still got him. Damn. He Wore him up. You let him take him, huh? Nah, I didn't know. So he went to my closet at my house and he rocked him.


He ain't know I was going out that night. Put him on, I seen him in the club. He kept hiding from me. I'm like, come here bro. I come up here. He is like, nah, I'm stay down here. I'm like, what the hell you doing? So I go up to him, I look down. I was like, man, what the fuck? He brung him back upstairs. He was like, I don't know what happened. And his Tennessee Brown, everything. I was like, man, these ain't coming out bro. These don't come out. He like, I don't know. He just kept saying, I know they still, I still got 'em though. That's what you got little brothers for, man to fuck your shit up. Fuck that. Fuck that. That boy still hurts story a lot to me bro. Meant a lot to me.


Like it's crazy. You remember when we talked about you buying me that watch BBB was the best. He bought me a watch. I was in Beverly Hills, we was in Beverly Hills, whatever. And I was looking at this watch at the hotel and I'm like looking at it and I'm, I'm amazed like look at the diamonds dropping in. He like, man you like that watch? I'm like, yeah, like 30 minutes go by. He called me like, where you at Rook? I'm like man, I'm right here, blah blah blah. I'm about to leave. He's like, nah, come to my room real quick. Come to his room. He opened a box. He's like, here you go. It was me and Jordan Crawford. He gave me one Jordan one. I'm like what the fuck? Yeah, I forgot to, yeah. Yeah. I threw my watch on so quick and my brother still got that watch, which is crazy for yeah he still got that motherfucker.


I'm like damn, that shit was crazy. I'm like, he got a lot of money. Nah, you, you gotta take care of your, the young guys man. No matter what. See when I was there, monster Vancouver, our older guys weren't really, yeah. You know what I mean? They were trying to hold on but I mean shit, I never had that. Nah. You know what I'm saying? So I tried to make everywhere I went like here at City, make sure you come eat whenever you with me, you ain't gotta pay for nothing. Nah, I appreciate that Bro. So I appreciate that. I was a Cheesecake Factory King be with the Cheesecake Factory every city. I was like yeah, I know I'm going Cheesecake Factory today. I'm like, I still go Cheesecake Factory. To see Girls refuse that as a first day now is just insane. It's crazy. It's disrespectful. That was our spot Cheese Factory man.


You got heat? Yeah. I remember we was, when we got here to Phoenix, the Cheesecake Factory was like, it was a California pizza kitchen and Cheesecake Factory across from the hotel. And I looked at him, I got off the bus, I'm like, we going to, he was like, hell no, I'm going home Straight on. He was like, nah, I'm going home today. I was like, damn My shit parked at the hotel. Get that boom, I'm gone. I was like damn I gotta pay for this. It was funny 'cause What was you eating when you went with Bib? I went, I literally, every city I went with Bib. So that only time I didn't, I just went over there by myself. Like went to the Cheesecake Factory. But every city he took me, it didn't matter what city he was in. I remember we went to Miami.


He took me to eat. I got a chance to meet Fat Joe, Chris Brown, all these dudes. I'm like damn, he really famous as hell. Like you know fat, you know Fat Joe? He like, yeah, my brother, they, they all tight, da da da. I'm like, team down. I'm looking at him like that's what that mean. Like yeah, I'm all, he he the truth out here. I'm like, he took me to prom one 12. He always, I was always with Bit Man, before we get outta here, we got somebody at the sneaker show you Fat Joe. Man. Who collection was crazier at your height? I, I think I have more shoes. They probably got more like more heat. Heat. I got a lot of shoes man. It was just, I've been giving so many away at the years' kind of, it kind of went down a little bit.


But I mean I've been collecting shoes for 20 years. Yeah. I used to do like when I, they'd gimme the shoes. I'd be like, they send me, they send me one up everything and I'd just be like, send me 10 pair of leaves. Boom, they send a box, 10 pair of those. I just put 'em away. So I always had like replicas of the shoe that I liked, you know what I'm saying? So I was putting, made a closet, a garage out of it. Yeah man. Historic. Even like his cars though. Like I always want, I always tell everybody about the garage, him and Joe and Smooth bro. It was like watching MTV cribs and when they do the car show, you Gotta, you gotta get yourself a nice car man bro.


You got, I ain't never had a car until I get, I mean I had a car when I got to college, but man you first time I did was buy me a nice, a nice rose man Royce. I'm telling you bro. I used to come out there and I had a, I had a 7 45, 7 50 and they, they popcorn my joint I'll never forget. So the whole season, this is why they popcorn me. I'm gonna tell y'all. So they used to make me buy donuts in the morning. Oh shit. So they used to make me buy donuts. That motherfucker will always forget. I said, come on man, just I'll get 'em next time. Thanks. So I used to go get 'em. Sometimes they would never eat 'em. So I'm like man, they ain't eating them.


They not eating them. So I just started putting a box in my locker. Sit it up there, sit it up there, put it back out every morning, put it back out every morning. It was finally a night. I think everybody, the team went out or whatever. We go out and smooth, you know it had to be smooth. He come in and he want a donut. Just random day I put the box out. The donuts are green. Damn. How they molded Everything. He, what the fuck? See this shit, this shit. I'm like, ah, ah, Shit. They like, man look what this, this what he doing with our money. Whatcha giving money and shit. That's what he be doing. I'm like, oh shit. Next thing you know I've opened my, like every time I go to practice my key is like this place or something.


I'm like out here for my dog like Al Horford, my dog like they about to popcorn your car. Damn. Al told you damn Al shout out to Al. So half the season I'm putting my key in my tight. Like I'm just, I wasn't playing in practice. After a while we just stopped practicing wood and practice no more. So I be out there. I told him like I'll be playing wood one on one. Right. So I'm putting the key in my tight, my, the key in my tights the whole time. Finally I get to play the last game of the season. I forgot we play. I'm having, I had a great game. I had 26 and 15. I'm all hyped. They rule me on. Yeah Brooke, we get in the locker room, everybody usually shower. Hey nobody, everybody already dressed. I'm getting out the shower.


They like, yeah, alright boy, we going out tonight, we gonna see you. They rushing out. I come up the steps in Atlanta. You had to walk up these steps to get to your cars. I walk up to the steps, I open the door. Everybody got flashlights on me, smooth wife, everybody. I'm like what the fuck going on? I walk to my car. At this time I was dating this lady named Ashley and she like about to cry. She like, I open the door, popcorn come flying out. I first look what the fuck I look at smooth, I'm gonna flatten your tires. He like laughing and shit. B like, like you get, you know, you know you know who did it little he, he like high behind, get this car like bro see you boy.


I'm like ah. And then I'm like man, who did that shit? Tyler like alright man they paid me $5,000 to do this shit man. I was like, who did it? He was like, it was all of them. They all came together. Community pie shit all came together. He was like, you see these big, he went and got the popcorn. Everything showed me the bag guys up man. I'm like where my iPad at? That's when the iPad first remember my iPad at. He was like, oh yeah, it's in your trunk. I open a trunk. It's full of popcorn. I'm like, ah. They ain't playing. Damn. That was big man. Damn that's wrapped up. They did me fucked up bro. But they was my dog so I went to the club with that popcorn. That's true. Stupid crazy. Did smoke give you something to get a detail?


Gave me five bands to get a detail. I ain't get a detail. My brother said shit, five. I can say that. I'll do this shit. For real. Oh man, it is been crazy. Big dog. Thank you Mike. We appreciate you sliding on us man. We were waiting for this episode. Man, you big. Finally got on the show, man. Tell I'm so happy. I appreciate y'all having me on man. I watch y'all all the time man. Y'all some crazy motherfuckers For sure. Before we get outta here, be here and some people that can grab some merch at shop club five twenty.com Baby, we outta here. Yes sir. Appreciate Club five 20, the Volume,


The all electric Chevy Equinox. EV combines everything you need when you're ready to go. Ev starting at 34,995. The 2025 Equinox VLT gives you an impressive balance of all electric range safety features for peace of mind and effortless technology, including the 17.7 inch diagonal display screen. All at a price you'll love the Chevy Equinox. Ev is the fun to drive all electric SUV that gives you what you need to do exactly what you want. The manufacturer suggested retail price excludes tax title, license dealer fees, and optional equipment dealer sets final price. To learn more, visit chevy.com/equinox. Ev


This episode is brought to you by FX is the old man. The hit show returns starring Jeff Bridges and John Lithgow. The former CIA agent sets off on his most important mission to date to recover his daughter. After she's kidnapped the stakes get higher and more secrets are uncovered. FX is the old man premier September 12th on FX Stream on Hulu.


The fall season. We don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop In Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, you can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest bootie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold onto that sweet simmer feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Man, listen, traveling be crazy, but I'm so happy that we agreed upon staying in the Airbnb the last time we slid out. Especially for you here. You know what I'm saying? They had the whole kitchen ready for you. Yeah, traveling sometimes when they book me at a hotel and I gotta get a ghost kitchen sometimes in the other cities that we travel to. So being able to have all my utensils, pots and pans, I greatly appreciate that. Made my job Easier for sure. Man. We had a lot more space than anticipated. Had the camera crew in there solidified. Ended up doing a little bit of extra work in there. Man, it was perfect. Out to Airbnb, how you feel about thet. The food was nasty, but Airbnb was great.


Everybody vibes with the all new Camry. With a four mode drive switch, you're in total control of your ride hall of Fame. Point guards don't have this level of control. And the Camry's got the flash to match. We're talking available 19 inch multi spoke alloy wheels and chrome dual tipped exhaust. This is the complete package. There are no weaknesses in the Camrys game. And because every all new Camry is a hybrid, its fuel efficiency is a difference maker for your wallet. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.