
This is an iHeart podcast. Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree.


Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one Men's X purse Spring and back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself. Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where Designer Shoe Warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers, obsessed with the sheer trend. Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho, comfy sandals.


Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love. Like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW. Over the years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned No Town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I Was calling about the murder of my husband. The murderer is still out there. Each week I investigate a new case. If there's a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I, What's that? Happy Hump Day. Happy Hump Day. Hump day. Happy Pride month. Happy Pride Month. Yes. Happy summertime. Happy them kids is outta school happy to be on vacation. Happy. We about to go to Paris and see B Beyonce. Happy. Everything like school is out. This was Elijah's last day school. So now all of my babies are out.


We made it. We made it. Thank it. We made it not for, we made it because the school year be schooling by the end of the year, I'd be well out. Yes. Okay. Did y'all see the the real, when you just put on anything, you throw on anything and take your kids and drop 'em off at the drop. I be like that all the time, but one time I got messed up when I was dropping denim off at school and I got there late and I was like, I cannot go into school and saw him and I look a hot mess. I had on two different shoes. I can relate. I understand where she's coming from. Like, You know that drop off be hitting you up a little different by the time you like, You know, throw on something real quick.


Have to, You know, get your baby together. But when you saying chare, welcome back is I, was this camera Better not be acting up on me again today, y'all. We gonna have problems. Good, good. Yeah. Don't do it today, but listen, but just be throwing on anything. How will the pants jacket be right here? Put on your kids jacket. But do you But do you take the bonnet off? You can. You can take the button off Sharelle the hit the, see I have tinted windows so you can't see inside and you can't see. Only I can see you. So it's okay for me to wear my bunny when I'm dropping them off. Okay, but you're not going end the school though.


No, but I got messed up one time because it was traffic and denim was late and I had to walk into the school, but I took the button off. But I was looking a hot miss. That's all I know. The off I, I take it off. Alright, good girl. It's place for birthday was it was Monday. Aw, yes. We've had a blast. Fox was seven years old. Y'all seven is insane. 7-year-old. He's not my baby anymore. He's, he loves airplanes. There's currently like 50 million paper airplanes laying around my house right now. Everybody bought him the same thing.


They were like, what does he want? I think he like airplanes. Everybody bought him the same airplane book where it teaches you how to fold the airplanes up. Like, oh, he just been killing it. Oh, you gonna love that. Airplanes everywhere. There's a airport cafe over by Fort Lauderdale Hollywood Airport. Y'all should, yeah, I heard of that. I, I need to take him over there. You could see the planes lands and it's memorabilia. All that fun stuff over there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But y'all, speaking of babies, I had this very interesting conversation with a friend of mine and she was just disgusting. Like, You know, she had a baby a little later than age than You know, a lot of women.


And she was just talking about how her and her friends have had a lot of discussions about, You know, how they're gonna have babies if they don't have a partner. And it was like a really, You know, this is something that I never really considered, You know? 'cause I, You know, luckily, You know, I'm blessed and I haven't had to be in that position. But it's a real thing like women and not just women people of the L-G-B-T-Q-A-B-C-D community, they also are getting very creative with the ways that they are extending their family. And so that's our first topic of the day. Ladies, I wanna talk about fertility treatment.


They've come such a long way. There's I-V-F-I-U-I, egg freezing eggs, sperm donations, surrogacy, and You know, the technology is just, it's just crazy these days. Couples including the LGBT community are, You know, they're looking for more creative ways to become parents. So I have some questions that I wanna discuss. Are Modern Fertility Options a blessing or turning into a luxury only rich people can afford? Because this pricey y'all? Yeah. I I would say it's both. You know, it definitely is for the wealthy, but at at the same time, people are, You know, mortgaging homes saving up because their dream is to have a child.


So by any means necessary, they're, they're doing it. I do know a, a girlfriend who is what's called a single mom by choice. And she did not have a partner. And she was like, look, I wanna have a child. I'm doing great in my business. I don't have a partner, but I can go get some sperm. Like, and not only does one child, yeah, she has one child. She was getting into a particular age where she also was gonna like, it was like, should I freeze my eggs? Am I waiting for this partner? But she was like, I'm ready. I can take care of these children and I also have a support group of family that's nearby. So let me just go ahead and do it.


She did it. So only does she have one? What she do? One child, she ended up doing IV Fs. Okay. And also used, You know, sperm donor to to pretty much, You know, she, she picked to who this man was. And not only she have one like she person. No, like, she didn't know she picked him out like a sperm bank. Yes. It's like pretty much a catalog. It's like a catalog situation where you pick, like, they get down to a T of like what their job, their profession is, if they've been to college or not. Their eye color, their, their background, their ethnic background, just all these things. And you essentially can choose. So she chose a specific type of man demographic and then was able to conceive, had the child.


And then a couple years later went back to that same, You know, guy that she chose. So now technically her children, two beautiful, healthy daughters are healthy and they're siblings and he won't know. And she's happy, she is thriving. The children are beautiful and healthy and that's that. And she's living in her, her truth. And it was very expensive. But it's an investment. We all know this. The fact that we all have as many children as we do, they're an investment. Their investment in their education, mental health, physical being household food, it's a commitment. So if you are willing to take that on, then so be it.


And do it by any means you can. Yeah, I mean I definitely do think it's a luxury. I just, I don't even if, even if I have the money or have the money, if I was in this position, I feel like, I feel like I would still try to find the cheap way and go and go find somebody. You know what I'm saying? That is a cheap way. What, You know, but you're dealing with the fact that they might wanna come back or say, don't, I don't wanna be involved. Don't put your child support. That's, you have to have your lawyer heavily, You know, involved.


You have your contracts where you write up every single little thing, the custody, the all of that. Like, You know, have all of that laid out by your lawyer. But yeah, I feel like the IVF thing is definitely, You know, it's, it's a luxury. That's the luxury route. You're very blessed if you can, You know, afford that. But I love that that is an option for women these days because a lot of women are, You know, wanting to start families a little later in life. You know, they're focusing on their careers and You know, living out their dreams and everything. And so I think it's beautiful that, You know, technology has afforded us that option now.


But yeah, I definitely think it's a luxury. And you a blessing a luxury. Yeah. And you also ultimately want a healthy child at the end of the day. So like, You know, this, this is God's work and thank God that we do have doctors and then the medical field. Hear me? Yes. Hear me go. Anything you wanna say? I was just, listen, I was just talking away y'all. What were you saying? Let us know. I was just talking away. I was trying to get my, my my my computer work. I'm just over here talking like I know y'all ain't cutting me off. I need to talk. No, no, but I just feel like I love that science have given women more options.


But let's not pretend y'all, it's, it's still a business. Like it's for the privilege. I just, I just feel like it's a whole MoneyGram. IVF ain't cheap. You know, egg freezing ain't cheap. And it's a beauty to work. It's blessing. It's also a business at the end of the day. It's still a business and it, it just sucks that, You know, they utilize it and take like for, for women who cannot get pregnant or it's like, you just made it such a, a, a huge business and for people who can't afford it, it's, it sucks. They're still left without having issues, You know, bringing in a child or having a child.


That brings me to my next question. Do you think women feel more pressure to freeze their eggs now that it's being marketed everywhere? Because literally we hear it so much now. Like, oh, you're 30. What? Oh, you need to go appreciate you have appreci your act. Yeah, yeah. Because they put fear in them. Yes. Fear, pressure, all of that. Yeah. It's societal pressure. It's also your, You know, our, our as women too and men, but as women, our hormones definitely do have a window. Obviously pregnancies become complicated. The older you get. It's facts, it's medical facts. It is what it is. So I get it. It's also just pressure with your family too. Like what if you're the only, You know, sibling that is like, look, I don't have any kids, but your sisters and brothers gave me some grandkids.


So it's societal pressure. And then also just like, You know, we're in a space too of like, you can do it all. Like women, we can do it all. We're, You know, like you can balance home, you can balance life, you can balance children in, in the rearing of all of that. So it has definitely been marketed as like, I feel like almost a sense of community. Like, almost like, look, I've done it. People are being honest about it. 'cause before it used to be faux pa and now people are saying, I've done it, it worked. Here's the evidence. And it's those that have tried to conceive that cannot, You know, so they're like, look, I, this worked for me and now we have this child that we tried using my egg and his sperm and somebody carried it for us.


So the options are definitely there. It is definitely a wealthy, it is a money grab. It is a business like Sharelle said. I agree 100%. But the good thing is it does work. So you can see your evidence of your investment now in this child. Because people long to have a family and people long to have children. So it's an option. Definitely been the other side. The other side of that, You know, is why are we having so many fertility issues now? You know, like back in the day, You know, were were women having fibroids and uterine cancer and all these things. Like we didn't have any of those issues really.


Or they wasn't, we get down to the bottom of that instead of pushing, You know, the IVF and the egg, egg freezing and all of that. Well, they don't wanna get down to the bottom of it. It's just like with somebody with cancer. Yeah, they don't want, it's a lot. It's a business. Yes, it's a business. And we that can go down to environmental. There's more cars, there's more infrastructure. We have cell phones now. We have radio, radiology, like all this, all radia radiation. All of these things are more ab abundant now that as well as, You know, just what we're eating this down to nutrition.


We used to grow our own fruits and vegetables. We used to cook more at home. All these things. So it's environmental, it's nutritional, and it's, it's just, but at the same time, science has evolved and You know, it's there as a option, You know, just like we can get into it, but like, it's like big pharma, You know, they're, they're willing to say, Hey, this is the easiest, You know, solution, here's a drug. Whereas same here, like before you just be like, You know, you go have a good time in your bedroom and oops, you are having a baby. So like, You know, it's definitely a difference. But I feel like it's environmental, You know, it's, it's really, it's a lot going on.


Hormones they put in their food hormones and the food, You know, it's and trickle having your period earlier now. Yes. Yes. But have you seen the latest studies though? Women, single women are choosing not to have children. We're actually lower in our population than we have been in years. So they're encouraging people to have babies. Hence, hence our issues with Plan Bs and abortions and things that they're ruling out in these different states is a big deal. They want us to have these kids that don't wanna support kids. Come on, support. Come on. Now. Over the past six years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone.


I've learned one thing. No town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've received hundreds of messages from people across the country begging for help with unsolved murders. I Was calling about the murder of my husband. It's a cold case. I have never found her and it haunts me to this day. The murderer is still out there Every week on Helen Gone murder line. I dig into a new case, bringing the skills I've learned as a journalist and private investigator to ask the questions no one else is asking. Police really didn't care to even try. She would still, somebody's mother, she would still somebody's daughter. She would still somebody's sister. There's so many questions that we've never gotten any kind of answers for.


If you have a case you'd like me to look into, call the Hell and Gone murder line at 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Hell and Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops Believed everything that Taser Told Me from Lava for Good.


And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser Incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two, and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th. Ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


She was a decorated veteran, a Marine who saved her comrades. A hero. She was stoic, modest, tough. Someone who inspired people. Everyone thought they knew her until they didn't. I remember sitting on her couch and asking her, is this real? Is this real? Is this real? Is this real? I just couldn't wrap my head around what kind of person would do that to another person that was getting treatment that was, You know, dying. This is a story all about trust and about a woman named Sarah Kavanaugh.


I've always been told I'm a really good listener, right? And I maximized that while I was lying. Listen to Deep Cover The Truth about Sarah on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In A very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star studded a little bit, man. We got Ricky Williams in FL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves.


Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Van Benny, the butcher Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill. NHL Enforcer. Riley Cote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz, Kara Moosh, what We're doing now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the Warm Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


So do y'all think health insurance should cover IVF and egg freezing just like they cover other medical needs and costs? I definitely think so. We pay for it. That's what we pay for insurance for. Right. Anything medical they should cover. Correct. We offer these services, right? Yeah. Yeah. I agree. It should be at least if they don't co it should be like a add-on, You know, like how they do insurance with, with your card. It should at least be a add-on for for people to choose to cover. Cover. Yeah, because it's the whole insurance is a whole, we that's a whole nother topic.


Exactly. I was just about to say, we can get into that too, because it's like, we even think of like paternity leave and versus maternity leave. They're even giving men off now. So like technically should men be able to, You know, have that covered with their insurance too. If you have two, a couple that, that should be double. You know what I mean? Like the fact that you're trying to have a child and bring that child into your life. It should definitely be some coverage at some point. But I think they're looking at it as it's optional and it's voluntary. Yeah. Yeah. So let's talk about the other creative ways. Let's talk about, You know, our lesbians being in our gay friends, You know, happy program. I I seen them doing some other creative ways to make families and I even heard where it's like a single female will find like a gay couple and they, they both like the, the, they both give each other babies basically.


You know, like the woman doesn't have a partner. So one of the gay men will give her babies. And sometimes they, I, I heard like the story I'm thinking of, they used like a c for the, the gay couple's children. But like, she gave his their eggs and they gave their sperm for their babies and they raised them together and they live like on the same street. And it seemed like a beautiful thing. Yeah. So people are really out here find in very creative ways to like, very creative. I was supposed to say, you gotta get creative. Like, and we always say it takes a village, so it does, if somebody wants to be a parent, let them be.


I I know when the kids get older, how they explain the situation though, especially 'cause they throw a therapy in there, that's a lie. You know, like it's a honest, it's a honest conversation. I feel like they would have to say, You know, like obviously science wise, two men cannot have a children and two women cannot. Right. Obviously men cannot carry children. So I'm sure I can't, I cannot speak to this, but I'm sure it is honest conversation. Like, oh, you have two dads, or, or you have, You know, like this, this is what they, I don't know. I think they should, I think they should be honest with their children when they're at an age that they can understand.


Because what you don't want is for society or You know, their peers to, to tease them and then they figure out, learn it that way. Now you're, you're mentally messing with them. So if you're gonna go that route, I definitely Think you should teach your children before the streets. Teach 'em. I agree. Let them know, teach them the, You know, the science of how all this happened. Because some don't. They make their kids believe and it's sad and I hate that, that they make their kids believe that we created you and that's not true. And now your, your child is in school and they see their parents come, You know, come to the school and now they picking on like, you don't have a mother or you don't have a daddy or You know, this, that, and they're, You know, kids can be very, so it's definitely important that, You know, they teach them the truth about what's going on.


Yeah. It's interesting though. And I like, I I have a best friend who always said that if she, You know, doesn't have a man by, I don't know, like, or if she doesn't have a baby by 40, her and her gay bestie was gonna have a baby together. And I think that's beautiful to, You know, have somebody in your life that you would wanna bring a child into this world with, You know? Yep. Yeah. Because it's a big responsibility and romantically Yeah, you can definitely do it. We're very capable. Okay. Oh, go ahead. No, go ahead Ashley. I was gonna ask this next question.


I was gonna, for lesbian couple that are doing reciprocal IBF, should they pick who carries the baby based on health or who wants the experience based on health? Actually, my, so I had a close friend, high school friend. We were actually, we played basketball together all throughout, You know, middle school, high school, her and her wife, she was the stud. And You know, you would think that the, the, I don't know the terminology with all this. I just know she was like the masculine one, the masculine one. And I, the wife stood couldn't, the wife couldn't have babies, so she ended up she carrying the baby because of, of her health.


So I definitely would go with health. Health. I can't hear you. Can you hear me? Yeah. You said go with health. I would definitely go with health. They should definitely go with health because I'm sure my, my girl, I'm sure she did not wanna go that route, but it was, she, she said it was a beautiful experience after it happened. Yeah. I can't imagine. But have y'all heard the conversation about, You know, how they wanna change the terminology about only women can have a baby? 'cause You know, like transgender women, they don't wanna call it a uterus anymore or something like that.


Like they're trying to call breast chest, like it's not breast milk or I don't know. It's like they're trying to change all the terminology now. Have you heard about that? No, but it's gonna be breast for me. It is what it is for me. I i I don't know how to, how can you change what people have said for all of these years? And, and You know, they're teaching anatomy to our young children too. And I mean the medical terminologies are embedded and people have been to school and scholars are teaching this for years. It just, it stopped. It's just in the community. So in, in the community, you could call it whatever you wanna do, but should, it should not be pressure for us.


If you wanna call, it's gonna be a uterus because medically that's what it is. And female, I'm trying to change diet. Yeah. We can't do that respectfully. We just can't, we can't say, Hey guys, after all these years of research, we said it is this, okay? You can say that in your community, that's fine. But you can't, you can't, you can't. It's getting Jesus, it comes to a point where you just gotta stop, draw a line now. And I'm just down stop there. We have a uterus. There's uterine cancer for a reason. Just like it's, You know, certain cancers and colon cancers. There are, there's just everything.


Prostate cancer for me, prostate. Yeah, there's, there's, it just is what it is. And people specialize in this. So we can't discredit people's medical field and backgrounds and terminology and the and anatomy. This is anatomy. It is, it was the definitely in Genesis. Yeah. Well, You know, I'm all here for people creating their families however they gotta get it. Same live, get it. Okay. Same. Yeah. So let's move on to our next topic, which is Co parenting without Romance. So like choosing to co-parent without a romantic relationship.


Sometimes Brian ex or even platonic partners team up to raise kids, but how stable is that for the child? Mm. Can it long term or someone bound to catch feelings? Could you co with someone who you've never been romantically involved with? I honestly, I think it can work if both, both people are f fully mature on the same page, but yes. You know, a lot of people ain't built like that. Correct. The moment somebody start dating seriously feeling change, boundaries get blurred real quick and then, You know, it's a whole mess. I agree. So you have to, to be fully mature to be able to, to go that route.


I agree. Thank you Sharelle. I agree. It's very much, it's a mature thing because technically now you are splitting households, you're splitting time, you are have to, it's like, You know, especially when it used to be romance too. Let's, You know, that's a hard thing too because not only are you getting over a relationship that failed, you now have to parent really forever with this person that you love, that you have respect for, that you used to lay next to. And when other people are starting to now be involved with significant others and the, You know, you're starting to send your children over to a household now that has another presence and vice versa, that becomes a whole nother level of trying to adjust.


And that's another thing that affects the children, but was never their choice. So like at the end of the day, it's like, to me we have to think about the children, what makes them comfortable talking to them, being honest and really hearing them because ultimately they're the ones being passed back and forth like a tennis ball. And my children, for example, are learning that my rules are definitely different than being at their father's home. So with that being said, it is tough. It is difficult, but I'm like, look, this is the, this is your new reality. This is our family dynamic. There's two households and yes, your father has a female that is around. I'm still your mother.


It's not gonna change. And potentially there will be a man around too. So you're gonna have to understand that is that this man is not coming in to take your father's place, but he's also, this man is here to heal my heart, heal my, heal my spirit, and be there for me to make me healthy. To be a parent, a better parent for you. So p life moves on, people break up, people go. But I feel like feelings can end. It's definitely what Shirel said, it's the maturity on both sides. And You know, there's this flirtation is still there and it can be because think about it, you were at one point like in love with this person or had time with this person enough to where you're intimate with this person and God really did want y'all to be together forever.


It just looks different. It's not a in the same household or it might not be in the same, You know, under the same roof. But it's definitely a connection that has to be respectful and has to be forever because it's graduations, it's grandkids, it's weddings. I'm gonna be at everything. So you gonna have to get used to seeing me. And it is what it is. So I actually welcome the co-parenting because now I have help, I have time to like focus on other stuff. You know what I'm saying? So go be with your dad and then when you come home, you can appreciate being home with me. I think. And definitely with this type of situation, when you choose to go to this route, you have to love you, love your friend, whoever that was.


But you have to protect, protect your child. And contracts should be in place with situations like that. I agree. Sherell, I agree. Is intentional parenting with a friend better than raising kids in a toxic romantic relationship? Absolutely. Who wants to talk? Yes. Yeah, I don't want it. Okay. What happens if one person moves on and gets into a serious relationship? Does the co-parenting dynamic get messy? It, it shouldn't get messy. Yeah. Go back to what you were saying, Sharelle. It's about maturity. Like, it's about really understanding. Like, I I always say this like I, I pray and hope that You know my ex, the father of my children, find someone that's healthy.


I want you to be healthy to make the same decisions that you can make sound decisions that you would make for our family. Even though you not, are not the head of this household anymore, you still are very much in, in, in, in the loop of making sure our children still stay the course of what we in place for them. Whether it's schooling, religious things, household respect, all these things. So like, I always have encouraged to know who this woman is and to know who my children will be around. But I'm so blessed that my children are older to where they can make one phone call and either I'm coming to get them or they can be in an Uber to come get, come home.


My house is always open to my children. So it's a blessing that my children are older to where they can navigate between the two households and or can speak up. And that comes from therapy, that comes from time. And it also comes for reassurance of me teaching them that you don't have to be in a situation you don't wanna be in. Yes, your father has time with you. Yes, you should be there, but I'm not gonna force it at all. Yeah, I agree. That's good. You need to do a whole co-parenting class. Alexis. I'm, it's easy though. It's not my, my co-parenting, when I was in my, my past relationship, it was everyone got along with everyone and of course, You know, You know when you're mature and everyone, especially, You know, with Chad, when Chad and I was together and his kids' mom, we all got along, like everyone communicated.


It got to a point where they would just call me all the time. So it's it's all about being mature. Yeah. You have to be mature and, and you have to make sure that your kids speak up and they feel comfortable or whoever they bring it, that other person is bringing into that relationship. Yeah. Okay. But y'all talking about people y'all been with, what about somebody you have, you're, you don't share any romantic feelings or never have, never would. I mean that's even tougher because like, what if it was like a one night stand or something that happens, You know, and unfortunately I can't speak on that, but that's also a different, it's a tougher situation too because you don't know this person and it's tough on the children.


I just always go back to the kids, like people get involved. Like you see, we see it all the time in the blogs of like parent, like, You know, people are divorcing and there's still some energy and bitterness and heaviness and it's competitive and I don't like when, You know, people that are splitting use the child. So I just always go back to the children and I want, again, like I want to know who is around my kids. Like who is texting? Well, I don't think it, I don't think it, You know who, who is around? Will you? Can y'all hear me? Yeah. I don't think it would affect, it would be worse if y'all didn't have any re any involvements.


The only time people like really trip and it affects them more is when they were emotionally or so soul tied together. If, if like me, and let's say my friend and I decided to have a child and then they get into a serious relationship because we're on a friend level and we're ma mature and we understand, You know, we both have the same love and, and, and care and atten attention towards our, our child that we brought in together. We're not, I wouldn't believe that you would make a crazy decision to bring somebody that and to jeopardize that child. Yeah. I don't think it would be as messy as dealing with somebody who you were sexually connected with.


This is messy if the situation's messy, You know what I mean? Like, I just look at it just like, again what you're saying, Sharelle, it's about maturity. You know, if you don't know this person, that's when it starts getting real, You know, up and down and volatile just because you're just like, I, I don't know this person. I don't, I don't, but we have to share blood, You know what I mean? That's when it gets sticky, I think. But if you're friends and You know boundaries and, and you can get along, then it should be a maturity thing. This is, children are definitely a huge maj maturity thing. You have to be mature, have to. Over the past six years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone.


I've learned one thing. No town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've received hundreds of messages from people across the country begging for help with unsolved murders. I Was calling about the murder of my husband. It's a cold case. I have never found her and it haunts me to this day. The murderer is still out there Every week on Helen Gone murder line. I dig into a new case, bringing the skills I've learned as a journalist and private investigator to ask the questions no one else is asking. Police Really didn't care to even try. She was still somebody's mother, she was still somebody's daughter, she was still somebody's sister. There's so many questions that we've never gotten any kind of answers for.


If you have a case you'd like me to look into, call the He and Gone murder line at 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to he and Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I know a lot of cops and they get asked all the time, have you ever had to shoot your gun? Sometimes the answer is yes, but there's a company dedicated to a future where the answer will always be no Across the country. Cops called this taser the Revolution, But not everyone was convinced it was that simple. Cops believed everything that Taser told Them from Lava for Good.


And the team that brought you Bone Valley comes a story about what happened when a multi-billion dollar company dedicated itself to one visionary mission. This is absolute season one taser incorporated. I get right back there and it's bad. It's really, really, really bad. Listen to new episodes of absolute Season one taser incorporated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Binge episodes one, two and three on May 21st and episodes four, five and six on June 4th, ad free at Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


She was a decorated veteran, a Marine who saved her comrades. A hero. She was stoic, modest, tough. Someone who inspired people. Everyone thought they knew her until they didn't. I remember sitting on her couch and asking her, is this real? Is this real? Is this real? Is this real? I just couldn't wrap my head around what kind of person would do that to another person that was getting treatment that was, You know, dying. This is a story all about trust and about a woman named Sarah Kavanaugh.


I've always been told I'm a really good listener, right? And I maximized that while I was lying. Listen to Deep Cover The Truth about Sarah on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Clayton English. I'm Greg Glad. And this is season two of the War on Drugs podcast. Yes sir. We are back in a big way. In a Very big way. Real people, real perspectives. This is kind of star stunned a little bit man. We got Ricky Williams, NFL Player Heisman Trophy winner. It's just a compassionate choice to allow players all reasonable means to care for themselves.


Music stars, Marcus King, John Osborne for Brothers Osborne. We have this misunderstanding of what this quote unquote drug Fans. Benny the Butcher, Brent Smith from Shinedown got Be real from Cypress Hill, NHL Enforcer. Riley Kote Marine, Corvette. MMA Fighter Liz, Kara Moosh. What we're doing Now isn't working and we need to change things. Stories matter and it brings a face to 'em. It makes it real. It really does. It makes it real. Listen to new episodes of the War on Drugs podcast, season two on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear episodes one week early and ad free with exclusive content, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcast.


Okay, well that's that what y'all wanna talk about next. We got a few more topics. Sharelle, you got the, I will get into it. Let's get into the, the whole trans athlete ab Hernandez story. I saw that the inclusion of Trans atheltes has be, has become one of the most polarizing debates in sports. Ab Hernandez, recent win highlights. The ongoing debate around fairness, biology, and identity.


That's, we always, everybody always get, You know, it gets emotional when you start talking about this because I don't think it's it's fair or it's right when a male who trans, they become a transgender and they are able to play in female sports. So just, so this was a young, this was a boy who, trans trans transition. I seen it by other sports, but this is at a high school and I guess the student is transgender and he, he up so it got hurt.


Okay. With a, a female first place runner. Like they tied or they just kind of put her in her own category? No, I don't know if they tied, they just said that she, they shared the podium at first place. That's what they said. And yeah, so You know, this is like one of the first times we're seeing it in high school and they got a lot of backlash for it. And so people are, You know, they're in the uproar. The parents are in the uproar. It was on the news. And I feel really bad, You know, because this is a high school student, You know what I mean? Imagine like you're this person, it's already hard enough coming out as transgender.


I'm sure that's the whole journey in itself. And then, You know, now you're in the spotlight, you're on the news, you dig right at the sport, obviously, You know, and you're getting all this hate for it. And that's where like I feel conflicted. Like I don't, I don't believe that transgender, You know, people should, You know, be able to compete with women. Like if you were born or male, I feel like you need to compete with men. But I do feel conflicted because like they're humans and I feel, I know that person feels terrible, You know, I know they feel however they feel, but it's just hard, You know, like we were born one way and it gives you certain advantages over, You know, females, You know, a a man's strength is stronger than a woman's strength.


And if you're in, if you're competing in a physical sport, then it makes a difference. And also when we're talking about sports, they get one athletes about performance enhancement drugs and all kinds of things. So if you're, You know, taking whatever you're taking to, You know, testosterone or your estrogen or these hormone treatments, I feel like they should treat that in the same manner. You know, if the athlete isn't supposed to be taking anything to enhance them or change them biologically, then I think that should be the same rule when it comes to, You know, transgender people. Because I, yeah, I mean, unless they're not taking anything.


But I feel like in this situation, it might be that I re I respect everybody's identity, but we can't act like biology doesn't exist. If you went through male pub, puberty, puberty, puberty, I can't even, I'm tongue twisted. You do have physical advantages and it, it just, it's, I just feel like hormone therapy, mom blockers all of that. Yeah. That's changing yourself biologically. Just like if an athlete wanted to run faster and they took something to that changes you and that's not allowed. So how can one be allowed over over the other? I I don't agree with that.


Yeah, You, that's tough. As a mother that has athletes, each of my children compete. It's, it's definitely a tough situation. And we have, there was a child that was played against my daughter and competed against her in girls basketball. So the parents weren't in a uproar about it. But at the same time it is kind of low key forcing teammates and who are more aware and, and more like of a team, You know, the community for them. But the, the opponents, it was concerning for my daughter and her teammates.


This just was new, You know. And so this is something now that we have to talk about and explain, but I have noticed that our children are more aware and more open and more enduring with what's going on in the times. They're more educated, they know about the TikTok, it's ation that in our, our generation ahead of us too. You know, the elders really don't get it. But like, You know, I I don't think it's fair. I definitely think that it is an advantage exactly what you guys are saying. I, I don't know medical research, I only know from like what I've read and things like that. But I don't condone the bullying, I don't condone the, the heaviness that comes with it because they are, like you said, Ashley, they're dealing with so much, but where, where, where do we place them?


Where do they go? But You know, you're lead You know, You know, what do we do? Yeah, I was just about to say that Lex, what should happen, You know, we should be 10, they should be 10, 10 steps ahead and create. Okay. If you allow a transgender to compete with, they should create their own division or lead to alleviate all the, like for somebody who fought hard and, and trained so hard, right? Like at the end of the day, a woman can never be stronger than a male genetics. It shows like they're gonna always be, so there needs to be some type of division or something to allow them to compete.


And, and there, there is a reason why there's like, let's use tennis for example. There is women's tennis and then there's men's tennis and then there's like mixed doubles or something like that. So like the, it's, it's been already put in place. And then going back to like what's required, look at it on the Olympic level. Most athletes wanna make it. That's the ultimate goal is to make it to the Olympics, right? If that's your sport, you are the best in the world. So obviously if things are banned on that level and questionable, then it, it, it does trickle down to, again, going back to what you were saying, Sherell, like you trained hard and work hard. And I believe if this is the same young lady that we are talking about, I think they, she ended up getting first place because she did well in her division, but they did not knock the other girl from getting first place.


So I don't think they tied, I think it was like, look, since it's this state, we do allow it. 'cause I think it was California. I think it turned it into, and correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it was like, well since she's kind of in her own division, how did she do to the numbers? But we're not taking away first and second and third place. You know, the, the gold, the silver and the bronze from the ladies. If you're identifying as this, I think they kind of like, You know, made it to where she at least has some kind of pride in her own way. Well that was good if they did it though. I think that's, I think that's kind of like them making their own league.


I think it, at first it kind of sounds outlandish, but I mean they made a league for, You know, disabled people. You know, they made the Special Olympics and stuff like that. So I think there's definitely like room for that growth for that. Like I could see that happening in the future, You know, and the pride community, they don't go for it, You know what I'm saying? Like people will put money behind it so I could see it happening. But when you said that at first I was like, nah, they're not gonna do that. But actually when I thought about it, but it's not a, a bad thing. It's actually it. I don't think it's bad. I don't think it's bad. I was just thinking about it logistically, You know?


But I think it's just tough though. 'cause You know, unfortunately in our democratic nation it's per state too. You know, the, whereas things are legal where things are illegal, where you're not allowed and you're allowed. So it's just all over the place to try to get it on a federal level. But I think elite would be great. Well they they gotta get it together. Yeah. Get it. Call them. Yeah. Let what we got for the humble Betty male girl. Oh, let me look, let me look. It's about that time. Let me get to it. Okay.


All righty. Here we go. All right, here we go ladies. My husband's work wife is crossing the line. Dear Humble Baddies. My husband has this work, wife quotes, You know that one female coworker who's always a little too close. I try to be the cool wife and not be insecure, but lately it's getting out of hand. She sends him little gifts to his office. She texts him after hours, just checking in. She even baked him a whole damn birthday cake.


She said, damn, I did not last week, she accidentally called him babe in a group text with his coworkers. When I confronted him, he said I was being dramatic and jealous and that they were just close friends. Am I crazy or is this woman doing the most in disrespecting my marriage? Signed a wife who's about to pull up quote unquote, okay, you are not crazy. She's bold and her ass is disrespectful. You texting after hours, you baking birthday cakes, calling your man baby. That's not a friendship. Boo boo.


That's emotional cheating with sprinkles on the top. Exactly. Pull up one. Sit. And I set boundaries. That's it too. That's another thing. Absolutely. Absolutely. That's what I was about to say. Like where, where, what is he doing? He's just accepting all of this. 'cause she seems very comfortable. He's gaslighting her, he's allowing this, she he's making her comfortable enough to do all those things. And that's the problem. And it's a thin, she's overreacting. She's definitely not overreacting. We, I think we are all in unison that we agree that this is definitely crossing some lines. It's disrespectful and it's definitely on your husband too to honestly being the boundary person.


He is allowing these things. But honestly I feel like he is communicating with you that the fact that you are one, seeing text messages. Two, You know about the gifts, You know about the birthday cakes. He's communicating that. But you have to let him know how this makes you feel. This is not appropriate behavior and you're not comfortable with it. So he needs to know, he needs to be put on notice and things need to be changed. And so does this lady did tell him, he told her that she was over it acting. Yeah, he's her. I'm saying fighting her. This is very much like, this makes me feel like I am not, You know, I don't like, 'cause if the shoes, if the shoes weren't reversed, he would've been pulled up. Come on down.


Like stop it. Yeah. You know, reminds me of baby boy. You know that scene in baby boy, right? I would pull up to that job and well I'm on both of them in front of everybody. Yeah. Because they're ultimately spending a lot of time together. It's after hours, it's, it's not appropriate. You know what I mean? And there are such things as work affairs and people dealing with that and it's a little too close for comfort. I mean obviously the whole, the whole office can sing happy birthday to you. But You know, I'm your wife. Like it's a little different over here. She at home baking you on cake. That's crazy. So am I.


That allows it. She feels better off gonna to Publix. You know, we gonna ask if it's a Publix cake. No. Go. So we're, it's all wrong. Disrespectful. Quit, get a new job. Yes. So sis pull up, speak up, pull up and have your boundaries. And he needs to follow accordingly. And so does this lady. Exactly. Well we hope we answered you your concerns because we need you to resolve this 'cause we don't wanna have to pull up with you, You know, humble Daddy scout you girl. But that is it. That is that I cannot talk tonight.


That is it for Humble Baddies. You guys. If y'all have any questions, concerns, comments, anything that y'all wanna speak on, hit up contact at Humble Baddies dot com. I'm Sharelle Rosado. You can find me at Sharelle rosado underscore on Instagram and also follow our podcast Humble Baddies podcast on Instagram. Subscribe to us at Humble Baptist Podcast. I'm Ashley Nicole. You can find me at Ash three. Nicole Instagram Ash three in explore. No, Ashley, no, no, I'm tired. It's okay. You're fine though. And you can find me at on Instagram at Alexis Meyer.


Alright, Y'all love y'all. Until next time. See you on Monday. Good night. Over the years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned No Town is too Small for Murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I was calling about the murder of my husband, the murderer is still Out there. Each week I investigate a new case. If there is a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5.


Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. High Key, looking for your next obsession. Listen to High Key, a new weekly podcast hosted by Ben O'Keefe, Ryan Mitchell, And Evie. Oddly, We got a lot of things to get into. We're gonna gush about the random stuff we can't stop thinking about. I am high key going to lose my mind over all things. Cowboy Carter. I know girl, the way she about to yank my bank account. Correct. And one thing I Really love about this is that she's celebrating her daughters. Oh, I know. Listen to High Key on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. We asked parents who adopted teens to share their journey.


We just kind of knew from the beginning that we were family. They showcase the sense of love that I never had before. I mean, he's not only my parent, like he's like my best friend. At the end of the day, it's all been worth it. I wouldn't change. Thing about our lives. Learn about adopting a teen from foster care. Visit adopt us kids.org to learn more. Brought to you by Adopt US Kids, the US Department of Health and Human Services and the Ad Council. Hi guys, I'm Andre Gunning, host of Betrayal. I'm excited to bring you all season four, a story of a cop and his double life. I wanted to let You know that you can get access to all episodes of Betrayal season 1, 2, 3, and Betrayal Weekly and every single episode of Betrayal Season four, add free with an I Hard True Crime Plus subscription available exclusively on Apple Podcasts.


Plus you'll get access to all episodes of Betrayal Season four, one week ahead of everyone else available only to iHeart True Crime Plus subscribers. So don't wait. Head to Apple Podcast, search for iHeart True Crime Plus and subscribe today. This is an iHeart podcast.