
Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The finals are here, and the only thing for sure is it's the last time to bet on college basketball. This season, it's been an amazing ride to get here full of unexpected happenings. Maybe there'll be more. Get in on all the action expected and unexpected with DraftKings Sports book. With live betting exclusive content, promos and parlays. DraftKings, the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Bet the unexpected with Draft King Sports book. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Travis Hunter says he could play every snap in the NFL game if given a chance. Let's take a listen of what Trav had to say. Oh, that talk. Why? What are you at the next level? Both just like you saw me play. You want to do both? How many snaps in a football game can you play? All of them. If they gimme the chance, then the opportunity to do it. And, and what, so we were talking about the challenges that, that come with it. You gotta be in offensive meetings, you gotta be in defensive meetings, you gotta be in wide receiver meetings, you gotta be in defensive back meetings. How is there enough time to do all that? How did you prepare for that when you played college? Well, We kind of got 24 hours in a day. We probably sleep for about eight of those. So we probably got 16 more.


So 16 that I'm up and all dedicated to those. Yeah. All of 'em dedicated to football Ocho Yeah. The issue is not playing both of them. Right. Can you play both of them? Well? Yeah. Right, right. Because I could put anybody out there to play both sides. But how well can they play? You can play 'em. Yeah. There's, that's I there's a difference. There's levels. There have been great guys in college that couldn't play at that next level. Right. And you're asking him, because see, for me it don't do him no. For me to, for him to go out there like, oh, he playing both sides of the ball. Right. How well is he playing? Will he play both of the ball sides of the ball? Right. That's the question.


Do I believe he gonna play every snap? No. No. He's Not you. You know what I like, what? I like the belief. I like the fact that he believes he can actually do it most of the time. Yeah. That's where it all starts in anything you do in life, believing that you can do it. Manifesting not only doing that, not only believing in and manifesting it, then working your way into actually being able to do it as if it's done before. Absolutely not. No. Which is why you And I, they used to play both ways back in, back in, back in the fifties, the thirties, forties, fifties, sixties. Right. I think Chuck Nerrick rest his soul was the last two-way player. He was the middle linebacker and a center for the Eagles. He was the last full-time two-way player.


Yeah. Concrete Charlie. Yeah. And I, I think one of the reasons why me And you and and everyone else is debunking hi debunking, his ability to play full-time on both sides of the ball is because of how much extreme, what's the word I'm looking for here? It's a physical grind because guess what, Ocho he plays both sides of the ball. He gets hurt and miss a game. Guess what I've got, right? I'm down two players. Right? Oh, I I, yeah, that, that, that too. But I doubt do play, don't you? Yeah. I, I listen. I like, I like the confidence though. Oh yeah, for sure. I like the confidence. That's part of it. That's half the battle is leaving In everything you do, believing you can do it.


Now what I do, what I would love for 'em to do is you gotta focus on one. You gotta focus on one thing. You gotta be, you got to be great at one thing. Yes. You're not gonna be able to great at both. You can't be great at DB and great at receiver. No. You have to become a craftsman at one or the other. Now I don't know which one it's gonna be. I'm, me personally, I like him playing both. I enjoy it. Okay. I enjoy watching them play both sides of the ball. Will he be able to do it at that level, at an elite level, at the next level? I don't know. That's very, very difficult. When you look at the level, level of talent you're gonna have to see week in and week out. Yes. That's the hard part. Yes. Because the level, the level the, the level, the level feel evens.


Yeah. Because there are a lot of guys as talented as he is. Wait, say it again. I said there are guys that just as talented as he Is Oh yeah. Just as talented in, and there'll be some that are even more talented. Everyone in j huh? Everyone in just as fast For Sure. Just as quick ladder movement, short air, quickness, no matter what you, everything, everybody is exactly the same. There's one thing that separates everybody, your technique and up here. Yep. It becomes a mental game at that point. I like it though. It's, it is exciting.


I, I'm, I'm curious, I'm curious to see where he goes and not only where he goes, but what they allow him to do. How are they gonna use him? People talking about they don't hit in the NFL. Yeah, they do. They do. Man. Please listen. I know, I know, I know the, I know the rules have changed a little bit. You know, they can't, like they did during our day. Oh, but they still hitting now. Yeah, They still hit. I, they, You know what I would, I wish all the fans that say they don't hit, they would sign a waiver and go out there and says, okay, no, No, no, no, no. Fred Warner. No. No. Okay. Who the who the safety. Okay. TJ Watt and see No, No, no, no, no, no. They said they don't hit.


So I want them to go out there and see. It's one thing to watch the game from the stands. It's one thing to watch the game of football from tv. Yes. But To put on, to put on some pads as a fan and not understanding how fast the game is and how fast them mofos is moving. Man, don't do that. You, you preach it to the choir, man. Don't, don't that. You played, you played 11 years. I played 14 years. I understand the collisions, man. And, and people see, everybody thinks something easy if you've never done it, but Yeah. Or maybe they once you, maybe they have done it unc, but we talk about peewee high School, college, That's That TIMI Pro.


But it's different. It's different. And there's levels to this. As you go up, you play Flag And you play Pop Warn or p peewee Pop Warn or whatever you wanna call it. Then you go to jv, you go to high school, you go to college. Now there is no higher level Yeah. Than the NFL. So all the people say, look, the NFL, hey, we'll allow you to play. We want you to sign this waiver, whatever position you want to play. If you'll run to play, run it back. You wanna play wide receiver, run It, run it back Where? Play quarterback. Run back who if they wanna play it, man, Please. And so, no, Joe, not the game. We gonna, Hey, we're gonna have practice. Okay. Who you wanna go up against?


So you want Fran Warner? You want Zaire Franklin? No. You want Lon Smith? No. Okay. You want Pat or Tan? No. You want Jalen Ramsey? Or you want stingy? I'm talking about who do you want, who do you want to guard? Who do you want to go up against? Now we're gonna just one time and we'll say, okay, now tell me what you think. You think they're still hitting the NFL? Nope. And You know what? People's perspective on the game won't change until they actually in that situation. It's a situation, hypothetically speaking, they will never be in. Therefore that's why they comment the way they do from the outside looking in. Of course, that's why they talk down on players the way they do, because they've never been in that position.


They don't understand how difficult it is. So it's easy to talk, You know, from the couch. Or if you watch the game And you study the game and have never actually played it. Right. To understand how difficult it is. I don't think people really understand how great Saquon Barkley is. Forget the number he's putting up. I don't understand. I don't think they get it. They don't understand how good Lamar Jackson and Josh Allen, all these dudes that they talk about, You know, on Twitter and asking, they don't understand how good these dudes are. Oh, I'm not saying that you can't catch, but I'm saying catch the ball. When a dude gonna drill you, We have to. Okay. That's what I'm playing. We, we have to focus, we have to lock in on the ball, bring it in and man, come on man.


It's so many that man, man. Hey O Joe. They don't hit no more. I tell you what, we gonna hand the ball off And we gonna block it just like we would. Yeah. If that was Derrick Henry or Sequan running the football, we are not gonna turn 'em loose on you. Right. We gonna block it all the same. And, and mind you remember this. And when they block it all the same, there's always one free man that the running has to Beat. Absolutely. Because the quarterback is not blocking anybody. Yeah. The always one man that, the quarter that the, the running back has to beat. And that's your man. You got to beat him on your own. It's different man. And you got on pads. I mean, you, you not used to juicing nobody. Hey, as a matter of fact, you see the guy from the, the Hawks, they had two guys and he went to lay the ball up and he end up tearing his knee.


Woo. For real? Yes. You talking about like that stretching their mind Hand time. Yes. They had, You know how they had the competition? Right? You gotta make so many points. One guy on one end, one guy on the other end, they gave him 5, 4, 3, he got in the ball, went to leg up, reel them up out in the wheelchair. Oh, Well that's funny. But plus the thing is though, I don't think people realize when people are like, well, damn, man, you bigger than I thought. You don't look that big on tv. Right? Hell, I'm small compared to a tight end. Oh yeah. Yeah. And oh yeah, then you multiply that a guy running full speed if you ain't never been used to taking no hit or you haven't taken a hit in a while, you not taking the blows.


No, Not At all. Because as, as I got older, I didn't want to look. I was a guy, I, hey, I would take a lick. I would, Hey, okay, I'm cool and Bounce right back up. If I got older, I start getting year 12, 13, 14. Right. I put that blink on, no choke blink on Blink. Hey Ocho, I head right on up outta pounds. Yeah. I ain't taking that link no more. Yeah, I'm good. You, you listen, as you get older, you get about the year 10 and on you make business. Yes. You make business decisions. Absolutely. Hey, put that blink on, hit on out bounds. Hey, turn it up. No, I'm good. Hey, it's aint on Joe. It's second and one.


If we can't get second at 1 31, I don't know to tell you. Yeah, Somebody Link the ball game, pour down, something like that. Okay. I get you. Right. But hey, I got two. Hey, back in the day, I, your two guy coming. Okay. You over here? You over here? Okay. I split you. You split them. Go over the power. I, I think you the lesser of the danger. Let me get you, let me get you No, I'm, I'm gonna get you. Yeah. Hey, back inside. That's a problem. You not a problem. Right. But I, I, I, I'm an, I'm, I'm really anxious to see Travis give it a go.


Yeah. Playing both sides. It's, IM, it's important where it goes. It is very, very, I agree, very, very, very important where he goes, I, And I agree And I hope the team that drafts him understand his beliefs, understands his wants and they use him in in that manner because he's an exciting player. He's a generational talent and they need to be able to use him in a manner. So he is able to display that at the next level. The same way he did at Colorado. I'm not so sure. It is not more of a mental than a physical focus. Right. Because you have to be on your A game all the time. The time. All the time. Especially on defense. Because, because You know, sometimes the wide receiver, you're not getting the ball.


So I ain't really, really gotta focus. I ain't, they ain't throwing me the ball. I'm last in the progression. Right. But as a defensive player, as a d as a corner, you lied. You have one slip, Ocho you hesitate a little bit. Yep. You gotta smell the deodorant. Oh yeah. Strike up the van Then you, that's it. Hey, Now you come. Hey, you, hey, hey. What everybody do I think you ever touchdown what they do? Don't yo, then look up at the jungle trouble. Yeah. That's you. That's you. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That we just saw that. Yeah. But you looking up there. Yeah, that's you. But I'm asked to see what he can do. He believes it can do it. Yeah. Do I believe he can play every snap offense and defense?


I don't do, I think he can play one side and then they have packages. I believe it's easier. Right. If he's a db for them to install packages at the wide receiver In position. Right. I believe that's easier. But let him try it. Yeah. I Like it. I think And you, And you draft, you drafting him knowing that's what he wants to do. One of the reasons he went with time, time told him he would let him do it. Yeah. I'll, I'll let you do whatever you can do. He showed time. He can do it. He did it. He won the Heisman Trophy. One of the great seasons of the wide receiver. He had what? 13, 1400 yards a db. He had a bunch of pass breakups. Had a force. Bummer. Key interceptions.


Yeah. Good tackler. Oh, he gonna come up and tackle That. Let's see what he can do. No, no problem whatsoever. Give him, I think you gotta get, I think you have to give him that because deep down, because down, he gonna feel some type of way. Right. Oh yeah. You already knew what got, listen, you knew what I wanted before I got here. Yes. I expressed my interest in it. I said it over and over and over countless times. And you bring me in, you draft me this high, wherever it may be. And then when I get here, you tell me. Well, we don't think you, You know how they play that game on? Well, we don't think you, well we, we think you're better suited at, come on now. Don't, don't, don't play that game.


Somebody tell me he would love that opportunity. So where do you think he goes on Joe? Yeah. Oh man. Where, Where you think Trav goes? I don't know Cleveland, The Giants. I don't, I don't listen. When you talk about Cleveland, they need a quarterback. When you talk about the Giants, they need a quarterback. So I don't think any, any of in those two teams are not passing up on Shado or Cam Ward. Now I listen, somebody might come up from low and surprise us on draft day and come and grab a quarterback early and then it freezes up your door somewhere else. We keep forgetting. We not even talking about Abdul Carter.


Hell, who's to say he don't go first? You know, I, I, it's, you just don't know. Especially with those four. Ain't no telling how it's gonna go, but I know it's gonna go in the top five. I just don't know where. And who knows what's gonna happen on draft day with some other team and some conversation that they might, that they might feel a player is up there that might be a generational talent and a franchise chain and player to them. And they go up and snatch him and change the draft all the way up. According to Adam sch, the Browns are more likely to pick Travis Hunter at two in the draft. He impressed Cleveland at his pro day. The Browns are exploring a potential taking Travis Hunter at two, then trading back into the first round to land Jalen Miro.


It's possible that Miro could be picked around their, with their second pick, but it would be gambling. And in the season with, with Kenny Pickett f QB one mm Ro was invited and he has accepted an invitation to the NFL draft. You think is is he ro has the chance to go in the first round? You think That's what they're saying? Ocho It's just, I Don't, I don't like that man. I don't like money. I don't like when they bring players in and have 'em sitting there like that all day and ain't no telling where you're gonna go. It's not, it's not for certain. You're going in the first round. They, they put the camera on you while everybody was getting picked. I don't like that unc, that's embarrassing to me, man.


I would be cautious. Right. Lemme tell you why I'm cautious. I'm cautious because I watched Anthony Richardson And I watch a supremely guy that size run 4, 5, 4, 4, whatever. He ran, jump out of the gym. Well, he's a 50 plus percent completion guy in college. College. NFL is harder to get completions than the n than they end up than college. Right. If you're 50 in college, you see he was 46, Richardson was 46. There are times I'm looking at Miro, I'm like, bro, what are, what was that?


Now, I'm not saying that with some time, but how much time are you gonna give him? Right? Because you going to Cleveland, bro, they gonna need you to be at, at least by year two. You got to Go. You gonna need to be ready to go. Got to go. Because Jimmy and d Haslum, they look, look, we bit the bullet on this one with Deshaun. We gave up three first round picks. One of 'em was CJ Straus. One of em was Will Anderson Jr. And the other one was Tank Dale. That's crazy. Oh, that's crazy. One was offensive Rookie of the year. The other was Defensive Rookie of the Year. And they both gone to the Pro Bowl.


Now we pit the bullet on down. Right. We signed off on Deshaun, but you brought that to us. Now we just gave what you call 'em a hundred and what, 40 million? 160 million, whatever we gave Miles, miles, Garrett. Right. We took Trav, we traded back into the first round, which means that we're possibly gonna have to give up, up next year's first round. Okay. Listen, they, they've, I mean, listen, the Browns have been missing. Okay. The, the Browns have been missing for a long time on their first round picks. They've been missing for a long time. I know one thing. And they can't miss if they go with Travis Hunter.


You can't, you can't miss No, you won't miss Now they now they, they missed with quarterbacks. But you're not gonna miss there. So it, I I I I'm ready for it to see. I'm ready for, to see how this thing play. I'm trying to, I I I'm trying, I I'm tired of trying to play expert and like, oh, he's going here. He's going there. 'cause you don't know. You don't. Like you said, somebody might come zooming up the draft board draft because somebody like, oh, he ain't get selected. Oh, I can get him here. Right. We're about to find out on April 18th.


Sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent Voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me. And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert King, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known. If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a Killer Bone Valley, season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


The Dolphins are reportedly growing, increasingly frustrated with Tyreek's Hill's antics on a word about the culture he's creating in the locker room. They have begun to hear teams out potential trade scenarios, but will only act on a deal where they feel they're getting fair value in the return. Right. I tried to tell you this Ocho you ain't wanna hear me? Wait. Oh, Whoa, whoa, whoa. You tried to tell me What About Tyreek? They was getting tired of that. Oh, listen. Oh, I think Ty Tyreek ain't Tyreek ain't slow. He's pretty smart. If, if You know they tired of it And you keep on doing it, what does that tell you? He doing it on what he doing it on what You think? You're doing it on purpose. Yeah.


Absolute. Absolutely. At this point. Well, absolutely TikTok, You know, some of the stuff he's doing well, He the one that's touch, keep talking about, oh, define out your team. Trying to trade him. You are the one at the last game of the season. You talking about your peace. I you gotta go do what's best for you. Hey, I don't like when guy, I don't like when people become a victim in their own story. Right. Be a victim in someone else's story. Right. You can't be a victim in the story that you created. You Created this, you wanted out of Kansas City. A situation that you would look, whoa, Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. He wanted to get paid. He wanted to get paid. Okay. That's all he wanted to get paid. They wanted, they were going to pay him. But you gotta realize Tyreek had years left on the contract. Yeah. Now, when they came to him and they asked him would he restructure, he said, nah, I don't believe it.


I signed the contract. Then the next year he wanted to redo his contract. Right. Even though he had said he had year before he signed the contract. I got no problem with that. Yes sir. You go to a guy that was injury prone. Don't you tell the people at home, how did Tour come into the league? He lipped into the league. Remember? He fractured his hip his last year in college. Yes sir. He was injury prone in college. Right. Were they not nearly as physical as they are at the NFL. So what do you think is gonna happen? Ocho? He's, he's, because he, you gonna deal with some injuries here on at the next level. That's what he's had to deal with. So now, and then you go, look, I get it.


You know, you a but you tried to sell us. You tried. You ain't nobody to believe that tour was on the home level. Not as an accuracy, not as being able to throw none of that. Okay. You wanna hype your quarterback up. You're like, Hey, I believe in it. I, we get all of that. You played the I receiver position. I started wide. I receiver meant the tight end. I get it. I wanna give my guy confidence, let You know. I believe him. But I'm trying to figure out Ocho what is it like you said, his first year there, he was second in the league in receiving the first, third, second year there. First year there. He was second in the league in receiving the next year there. He was one of the few guys that's ever had 1800 receiving yard last year. He was Nick.


It got up to a bad start. Yeah, it started the first game of the season. O cho the, with the traffic stop and so forth. The song, I don't really know what happened, but hey bro, I, Oh lord, I just don't get these guys O cho I don't Know. Hey, listen, you never know what's gonna happen. All that, all that stuff is going on. You know, Tyreek is not happy. Obviously. He's continues to do what he does on social media. Probably trying to egg on a trade in, in, in that manner. In, in a fun, entertaining way, You know, using TikTok. Then you have the draft coming up. Huh? Ain't no telling what's gonna happen. Draft day, ain't no telling. So, You know, some something might happen there. You know, it, it change things up.


I'm just like, that's what's so exciting to me because you just don't know. Yeah. You Just, you just don't know. There's nobody for certain, You know what, he was so great in college. He's absolutely going number one. You just don't know. Yeah. Who, who, who you talking about going number one? Ocho I Man. Oh, oh, you talking about Oh, you, oh yeah. No, I'm, I'm, I'm saying yeah, you just, you just, you don't know. It could be, listen, Tennessee need a Tennessee, need a quarterback, don't they? Yes. I mean, I don't know man.


Ain't no telling. I, I think the thing is, Ocho this is what we see. Yeah. Don't matter how great you are, they'll move your ass. Oh yeah. They'll, and they'll say, because they're not gonna let you become bigger than the team. Not only bigger than the team. They won't let you become bigger than the game itself. No, no, because Kansas City, they traded Tyreek and went to three straight Super Bowls. Yeah. Well, but this, they won two. Now you gotta understand why they went to three. They got, they got, they got that special dude over there too. They Got special. So what does that tell you? Why receivers ain't doing nothing without what? No matter who he is. Quarterback Tyreek had 1800 yards.


Waddle had another 1200. Did they wanna playoff game game? I was just, I was, I was, I was just talking about the Super Bowl factor. But I Got you. No, you better have that guy that pull that trigger. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You better have, you better have him. It's, oh, because think about it. All those years, new England, how many, how many promo wire receivers they had? If you take Randy outta the equation, Wes, we, I think Troy Brown went to one. Yeah, but I don't think Troy, I don't think Troy, I could be wrong. I don't know if Troy went with Brady. I think he went maybe a, a year before Brady. Maybe I'm wrong. Right. But if you go back and study at ocho, right.


Damn. A whole lot of bowl wide receivers. That's why, that's why people really fell in love with Tom. Right? They like, he's been getting all these Super Bowl, going to all these Super Bowls and they got all these talk wide receiver here. Wide receiver here. Wide receiver over there. Pro Bowl all pro. And he doing that. You better have that guy. Yeah. You better have him. It makes a difference. There's a reason they make the big bucks. It makes a big difference. Oh yeah. He's the foundation. If you get him Ocho, I can build, if I got a solid foundation, I can put whatever I want on it. I can, if I got a great foundation, I could put a 20,000 square foot home.


Yeah. Or I could put a thousand square foot home. Mm. My foundation's solid. And it can hold it all. A foundation is so important in all aspects of life. It, it's, huh? Well you just, you just said a word there and don't even know you said it. I get Grant was there. But y'all do realize that Brady went to how many Super Bowls before Gronk arrived. Mm. Don't do that. Don't minimize that man. Gronk is, Hey, Gronk for me is one of the two best tight ends. Some people got Gronk one, some people got Kelsey. I got Kelsey. Hey, I'll debate, I'll debate you. Look at the regular season. Look at the post season, blah, blah, blah.


So forth. The soul bat. Tom, come on now. All I know is Dion Branch won two Bowl MVP. Yeah. He went to Seattle And we never heard from him. David Patton. Y'all know where David Patton went after he left New England. Go back and look at the receivers that he had early in his career. His Yes. He hasn't, when They left New England, did you ever hear from them again? He take it undrafted. Y'all do realize Wels Walker was an undrafted guy.


Y'all do realize El Edelman was a seventh round guy. What, what did what round Amandola get drafted in? Because I think he went to the Rams first. Ocho, I'm not mistaken. I think Amandola was with the Ram first, if I'm not mistaken. That man was really turning it. Look, look, they were good players, but I don't know if they're gonna be what they became Without being there. Wow. So he was an undrafted free agent. Who? Amandola.


Hey. Amandola was nice too. Huh? He was. He cowboys then the Eagles, then the Rams. He was nice. Get David Gibbons. Do y'all remember what David Gibbons went once he left New England? What about David Patton? Dion Branch was a Super Bowl. MVP. He went to Seattle. Did y'all ever hear from him again? Yeah. Edwin was a quarterback. Ocho. Oh yeah. At Ken. At Kent State. Yeah. Kent State. Yeah. I just look, I don't OCHO seven 11.


Chris, Chris Hogan, yo guy. Oh. Always open Buffalo medals. Yeah. Seven 11. Yeah. He, and with a Dog when he undrafted he was like a lacrosse or a field hockey player or something. Hey, he was nice. He was nice. He was nice. What he got with Brady? He was nice. Goddamn Chris Hogan. That's a good one there. Undrafted. Undrafted. Wes Welcome undrafted. Julian Edelman undrafted. Chris Hogan. Seventh round draft pick. Julian Edelman quarterback makes a big difference. Yep. New Raiders quarterback, Gino Smith smoke up spoke about leaving Seattle.


He said, you're talking about a quarterback who wants not only to get paid, every player wants to get paid, but to be respected, that's the most important thing. That's the respect. It's the respect factor. And I just felt like there was a disconnect there. Hmm. I, I'm curious what that was. 'cause whatever it was, they kept that internally, I want to get paid. We don't wanna pay you. That's the disconnect. Okay. That's that's a good one. That that's a good one. That's, that's, that's, Hey listen, that's the best way to put it. But the fact that he conducted himself. Yeah. Like a pro. Like you just said, we didn't hear people about it. And most of the time when it comes to quarterbacks, you never do hear about it because they always conduct themselves in the right manner.


'cause they don't wanna mess up the bag somewhere else. Ocho, she wants to get married. You don't want to get married. There's a disconnect. Yeah. What's the disconnect? She want to get married. I didn't. I didn't. Yeah, There's a disconnect. Money seemed, You know what? Money seemed to have that pro. A lot of disconnect. It does, man. I just had a disconnect at the job I wanted to raise. They didn't want to give it to me. Raise. Yeah. So what, what did we do at ocho? Yeah, you right. Hey, but like I said, I, I'm confused by this because for me, you look at, I think Gino's better than Sam.


Donna. Me. That's me personally. Look at his body of work. Yeah. You coulda had Gino for the same price, but you'd rather have somebody, an unproven guy. Now I get it. If I'm not mistaken, I think they hired Clint Kubiak to be the coordinator in Seattle, right. Clint? I mean, hey, I Think they did hire Clint. Hold on. Because they got two son. Both of ocs, Clint and Cline. Hold On, hold on, hold on. I don't care. I don't care who you got calling the plays. Huh? I don't think about who you brought in. I know who you didn't bring in. You ain't bringing number 18 and number three from, from Minnesota. You ain't Got that. Well I guess this OCHO just said, look, we brought in the same offense.


Come on now. A guy that he's used to hear hearing in his ear, come on Now. You get rid of dk, you release lock it. So you only got JSNJ. SN may, maybe they're gonna take a receiver. Ocho, I don't know. They got no fan. They got K nine. Hold on. Unc, what receiver you've seen in the draft this year coming up that is even close to that of a Jordan, Addison or Justin Jefferson? Now we got some, we got some good ones now. Yeah, we got some good ones. Yeah. Do we have franchise changing receivers? Well, I Johnson, if, if wherever you are, he's the first or second best receiver in football. Okay. Most people gonna have Chase based on what he's done. He did last year. But Jefferson, you look at his body at work, he's no worse than two right now.


He's no worse than two ocho. Right, Right. You got Chase. I just saw Chase this weekend, but I Hey, but you're right. But Ocho but You know how it is. Yeah. Just like players believe the grass and screeners teams do too. Chase believe that they could just plug anybody in there or we gonna get the same results. No, absolutely not. They do. I I understand that. They do. But it doesn't, it doesn't work. It doesn't work half the time. No it doesn't. So guess what? We'll find out. CJ Gardner Johnson. That's my guy. Talks about being traded from Philly nephew. People showed me their true colors when I got traded, bro.


Yeah. You know how fans are fans are Finn. Oh, so what you mean the fans ain't traded? Howie did. Yeah. Well, You know how the fan Howie's and, and guess what? The fans are not gonna be upset because look at, look at the, look at how he's track record. Look at how he's drafted. Look at the free agents that he's brought in. Right. So they gonna give, they gonna give him the benefit of the doubt. If you try, if you trying to sway public opinion. Right. Or give Harry Roseman that man. Oh, look up, You gonna lose that. He brought in Saquon, he traded for aj, AJ Brown. He got Devonte Smith. He drafted Jalen Hertz.


He sat, he drafted Landon Dickerson. He read Malau, bro. You not, you not finna win that battle. Yeah. Bron, who was a pass Russian guy at New Orleans. New Orleans, he brought him in and he's an all pro and he got paid middle back. Jalen, Carter, Jordan, Davis, Blanketship, Deon, bro. My, what's his name? Mitchell. What is it? Mitchell? What's the cornerback name? Keon. Keon. Keon. Kenon Mitchell. Keon Mitchell. Yeah. You nice Bro. You I, I get it. I get it. Look, you came back And you played really well, bro. Very, very well. Kudos, bro. All you, you gotta look at it like this, bro. You're still in the league and you're getting a check And listen and, and for the most part, the, the fans in Philly, they, they, they saw him love, they saw him love.


'cause they understand what he's done. Woody's done, You know, for that organization and how well he's played. So they've always shown him love. So I'm, listen, I'm, I'm happy for my, my nephew, man. He, he going, he gonna be all right. He gonna be all right. Hold on. I need, I need Sojo. You know, it's tough. Ojo you there. Yeah. You know, you going win. There a great situation. And then what'd they trade him to? They trade him to Houston. Where'd they trade him? Oh Yeah, he, oh, he over there with Stra man. Yeah. Okay. Listen. He over there with listen, he to me now, I'm not gonna say he went to a better, a better defensive team. But you ain't over there with no slouches. You gotley that young. Listen, Will Anderson Jr. You got Danell Hunter. What's the young bull?


The, the, the, the, the DB there, the rookie from last year. Db? Yes. Unc boy, he the real deal. I can't remember his la I can't remember his la his first and last name. He was the real deal. He was cutting a fool in training camp and been and cut a fool all season long. Man, be balling. I think he was number 14 And we wear number four. I I, I can't remember what number he was. Okay. I know what you talking about, man. He some play. Yeah, he made some plays. I, I don't know his name on Joe off the top of my head, but I know you're talking about, Hey boy, He is nice. And I promise you after today, I won't forget his name. They, I, I, I'm parched. Let me get something to drink real quick. Hold on. Let say Lasseter. Yeah, that's him.


Lasser. Wow. Every quarterback in the 2020 first. 2021 first round. Besides Trevor Lawrence is on the third NFL team. Zach Wilson, jets, Broncos, dolphins, Trey Lance, four Niners, Cowboys, chargers, Justin Fields, bears, Steelers, jets, Mac Jones, Patriots, Jags 49 ERs Was 2021 the worst draft class in NFL history.


Ah, it's, it's up there. Ocho It is up there. But also, listen again, I'm gonna say it again. Like you always say, it's very important where you go. Look at the situation Zach Wilson went into, I mean, who could have more? Me personally, I don't think Zack Wilson, Zack Wilson had one good year. And the Jets. And the Jets had their mind made up. They're taking him. Right. Trey Lance had one good year. Right? He had that at FCS. I think I'm gonna need a little, see a little bit more more. Right. Okay. Justin Fields, I think Justin Fields situation.


I think Justin being at the Bears, I just like, when, when it's, it's tough Ocho Yeah. Because when guys come in, you want somebody to protect them. Yeah. Defensive coaches normally gonna run to football and play to their defense. But if that's what you're gonna do, give somebody that understands what a talent that Justin Fields is. Yes, sir. And then Mike Jones, I think Bill be, coach Belichick did him a huge disservice. Right. The second year. Because when, the second year, Because the first year when he had Josh, Josh McDaniel. Right. He was sensational. They went to the playoffs, he went to the Pro Bowl. And then you bring in, you get Matt, Patricia And you get Joe Judge in his ear.


Neither has ever called plays for an offensive player. Neither has really worked on that side of the football. So I thought they did him a huge disservice. Yeah, I really did. Now he did. I thought he played, he played some, some good moments with the, the Jags. Yeah. I think he'll be really good with the 49 ERs. Yeah. Because that offense is tailored to him. Get the ball outta your head. 'cause I don't think he, his arm, he's not the strongest arm. But I don't think Brock Purdy has a cannon. Right. Hey, but Brock and That offense is all about precision. Yep. Brock Purdy is very accurate. Very accurate. So, but it, it, it's a, a bad draft class. Ocho I mean, in third OCHO, that's just 21, 22, 23, 24.


So that's five years. And the quarterbacks Three different teams. Damn. Three different teams. But guess what? Yeah, they're still getting checks. Listen, those checks are not as big as they want, but they still coming in. That's all that matter. Ocho check this out. A man in the US has been arrested and charged with six counts of attempted homicide after allegedly traveling more than 1000 miles and setting fire to the home of a man who had been communicating with his ex-girlfriend. Hold on. He's supposed to check the girl. He ain't supposed to check nothing.


XXOX. Yeah. You ain't supposed to check nothing, Man. Listen man, I'm going about my business, man. I'm going, going about your big going, going about your business, man. I, I don't, I don't understand. I don't understand. And you said that, Hey, I don't understand how people be crashing out by people. Whether they be long. Even if you, even if you with somebody. Yeah. And a guy has the, the ability to gain access to the person that you with. What does that tell you? Why am I crashing out about her allowing you to have access? That lets me know where I stand. It's easy.


Move on. That's, it's not hard. I don't understand why it's so hard to wrap that around our head. Because every time we start dealing with people, we add a title to it. We add relationship. We had marriage situationship, no matter what it is. And for some reason we as men, we view that as my property or ownership. That individual. I'm five miles Ocho. Huh? Do You know how far thousand miles is? Man, you ain't got to tell me to. I don't own you. I you are not my property. If we're together, I appreciate that. And I'm moving based off how you move. Yeah. It's pretty easy.


It's when things look funny to you, make it a comedy show. It's simple. That's how you keep from getting yourself hurt. So in other words, when they start acting funny, I might as well, Hey, get me a big, get me a big nose and some red shoes because let, I'm gonna be a clown too. Make it a comedy show. 'cause they will make a fool of you. And then play victim. Hey, you remember the song Michelle and Dego Cello in Love and basketball? Oh yeah. You make up a fool. Love me. Tell me why you say that. Wait, but we made love.


Wait, just last night She made that she sing that song. Yes. Wait a minute. Oh hell wait. Tell me that. Hold on. Huh? What's the name of the song real Quick? I gonna kiss you. I'm Finna put that in My library. Smoke you with the pain that I do. I smell you in my dreams. Ooh. But now when we're face to face, you won't look me in the eye. Come on. No more friendship, no more love. You see, I can't touch you. I can't touch you no more. Yeah. Oh dang. Listen, what's the title? What's the title of the song? You make A Fool of Me. Huh? Loving and Basketball. You make a Fool of Me. Yes. Michelle and J Cello.


Hold on, hold on. There it is Fooling me right there. I'm Finn Am fanatic. Yes. I'm finna add it to my library right now. But Does she want you with the pain that I do? Mm. Let that sink in. Ocho does this person that you want to be with, does she want you with the pain that I do? 'cause I can smell you in my dreams. You, you, the Hey, if you, if you take it slow And you listen to what you said, you got to feel that. You got to feel, you got to feel that. That's Ocho. Every song that this woman sings, I, it, it, it, it resonates with me.


'cause I know I'm a very passionate person. Yes, Sir. With Woo. Look, I know how you feel. Take your time, man. Woo. Take your time. I told you when, when, when Old Girl played that song for me, Ocho Trust. That's how you get to me. You play a song And I'm never gonna forget it. Right. Right. I, I just, and when I, the first time I heard that woman's voice, and every time that she's close to me, I go see her.


I went to see her at the Tabernacle. I went to see her like twice at the Tabernacle. Yeah. I've seen her in, in, in, in, in la I've seen it in Colorado. I've seen her in, I've seen her three or four times in Atlanta. And a lot of times I'm probably the only straight male there. It is a lot of, a lot of women that, that, that love that that love. Yes. Yes Sir. Yes sir. It's like that, huh? Oh, Oh, man. And, and she on the, the, the soundtrack love drones. She on that too. Yes. If you feel the way I feel for you, rush over the name of the song. Her and Marcus Miller. Right. She Got a song with John Cougar.


Ah, man, look here, Chad, y'all are no. So I'm telling y'all now, if y'all say man, who she sharp ain't no question. Don't even ask Michelle and Danielle Cello That's live. If you feel the way I feel I'll rush over. There's no reason to be alone. My thoughts for you patiently. I wait for an invitation. I often imagine you come on Now a picture That You know more voice than on my telephone that I find myself rushing home to. Hey, hey. Ain't jump, ain't give.


Yeah. And you gonna have enough Wanna play. I could hear the I And I could hear the passion And I could hear the enthusiasm in your voice now. Mm. It sounds like you hurt. You're not hurting, are you? No. Nah. You Good? Because You know music, You know, music make you think about certain people. Yes. Yeah. So who you think about? Beautiful, bitter Dead End Boulevard Faithful Mary Magdalene. Yeah. Come on Man. Take I gotta take your time, Man. Look here. Take Your time. Woo. Man. O I'm telling you, a lot of times I would and people are like, man, what you do?


I'm listening to Michelle Linde cello. I'm listening to Maxwell silently. It's probably my favorite song from Maxwell. This woman's work. I, I'm trying to think of the song. Hold on. What's the name of the song? Symptoms Unknown by Maxwell? Symptoms Unknown. Symptoms Are Symptoms. Unknown Symptoms. Unknown Symptoms. What Movie is that? That a sound that from a soundtrack?


No, actually I said that many, many years ago. I tried, I tried to win a back. You know what? I'm don. It was too late. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I tried to win a back. I tried to win a back. I tried to win a back. It was Too late. Hold on, hold on, hold on. You, you ain't, you ain't telling us this story. I tried to win a back. I tried to win a back. You lost somebody. What? It something that you did And you tried to win it back? No, it wasn't something that I did. Right, right. I was just bull driving around. Oh, you playing the game? You playing game? Yeah. And what happened was, oh, Joe, I was just dripping. Right Dude stole the ball and shot it. And it went in Got So this song, I said, look, I went and bought her a cd.


I saw her someplace. Okay. I bought her a CD And I handed it to her. I said, there are two songs I want you to listen to. I want you to listen to silently And I want you to lift, listen to symptoms Unknown. Okay. She said, Shannon, I'm getting married. Oh. Oh, Hey, hey. That, that hurt me. And that wasn't even me. So She Bad too. She Bad.


I know that hurt. Huh? That hurt. How, how that made you feel? Huh? I know that hurt. Well, I can't, I I can't get mad at results I didn't get for the work I didn't put in. Woo. Don't do that. Don't You do that, don't you? Hold on. I'm gonna first you up, baby. Y'all know how I am. I queue it to you straight. Hold on. I'm honest. I'm, I'm 1000. I'm honest with you. Now do, do give it to me. Hey Chad, Chad, do me a favor. Somebody listen to what he says real quick and then type and write it to me on Twitter. Bring that to me one more time. Yeah. I can't get mad at the results I didn't get for the work I didn't put in. Had I done what he had done, maybe the situation, who knows.


But I didn't do what I was supposed to do. Don't y'all, I y'all know me, Chad. Y'all done, y'all done been, if y'all follow me, anything, if y'all know anything about Shannon Sharp, I'm gonna accept responsibility. Oh, that's all I know how to do. If I'm wrong, I gotta be mad enough to say that. That's one thing Mary Porter believed in, that my grandfather believed in that. I believe they did a great job of raising their nine and raising their mom. My grand, my mom's three. I can never be mad. I'm never going to be mad at results I didn't get for the work I didn't put in. That's Why I do this. What I do now, Ocho And I tell, I tell people when I go talk And I say hard work doesn't guarantee you anything.


Ooh. But without it, you don't have a chance at all. You see, if I don't put it, see, if I don't, if I put the hard work in And I don't get the result that I'm hoping for, okay, that wasn't for me. But I never want to have regrets it, man. If I had just worked harder, if I had just done this, you'll never meet anybody. You won't meet one person that will tell you Shannon Sharp didn't work hard. God, I love that quote. Boy. That's all, that was good. That's all I, that's all I know how to do. But I do, I spend a lot of time though, Joe. Sometimes I, I'll just, sometimes I just start cleaning up And I just, I'll put Michelle and Digo cello on and I'll just, just like, just play.


Yeah. Just go. I'll listen to Maxwell. I, I listen to Sade. I just listen to Atlantic Star. I mean, I just like, and it just like, okay. It's gonna be okay. Hey, I got a question. You, do you have a playlist already with, with some of your, your favorite songs when you cleaning up? I do. You Got, you gotta send me, you gotta send me that playlist, man. I got, I gotta check this out. I gotta check this out. But that, that's good. That, that, Hey, that's some, that's some good music there. That's some good music. Oh Yeah, that's, I I, I just, like I said, I'm just, I'm just a God, look, if I'm wrong, I'm wrong. And I missed opportunities. I be, I mean, I see people now that, You know, gotten married, men and some women be honest with say she, look you fun.


You, you good to have fun with you. Not the marrying type who, So you, hey, they viewed you as the fun guy Because they know, they say Shannon work is way more important than any relationship is gonna be for you. Okay. Yeah. But You know that what, say Shannon, that Shannon, That your greatest enjoyment comes from work. Nothing brings you pleasure like work. Right. But that doesn't even put you in the category of the fungi too. That's not, not Category ocho. They look at me. I'm aesthetically, You know? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I built like a cent. You know what I'm saying? How bad. You know what I'm saying? Ocho how like Oh, they know.


They get, when they get on shit. Yeah. I mean, two of the possibly ain't bad as long as You know, you got them the big joke. A little joker. Right. You cut I I'm gonna get that, but, Oh, that's a good one. On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker. Ryan Kler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan. Return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending, thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17.


Not admitted without parent.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he Was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert came, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott, I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


Idol Joe is time our final segment q and a. Hey, I, I enjoyed that. I enjoyed that night but night that, that was good. And I was That was good. That was really good. God damn. That was good. Kim Norwood Jr. Said, I disagree with Dan Osky with his take on first Take this morning about Cowboys. They won't be in the playoffs next season. And P-S-A-U-S-A Florida U at ps US Florida Bay go away. Lakers in five. Okay. P-S-A-U-S-A Florida Bay go away. Lakers in five do said he believed the Cowboys are gonna be better than what they were last year.


And my question, Stephen, a question to him. Okay. What do you mean better? Are they gonna win a game, right? Are they gonna be in the playoffs? Are they gonna make a D run in the playoffs? What do you mean better? Don't just say better. What do you mean by better? Because I'm looking at it. What do they do thats gonna put them in front of the Eagles? Right. What are they gonna do that's gonna put them in front of the the, the commanders right now That's two teams that's in your division now. Unless you tell me three teams are going from that division. I said now, but he said, he said the Eagles are better. The commanders are better. Right. Tampa is better, Detroit's better. Green Bay is better.


The Rams are better. Yeah. I said bro, that's sixteens right there. Yeah. Only takes seven. And and the funny thing about all the teams you've named all the teams, you made immediate changes last year to improve on both sides of the ball. Can I ask you what the Cowboys have done to improve on both sides of the ball since last year? Nothing. They done nothing to improve. Being honest, they ain't done anything. Hey, King's Journey ocho, can I hold one of them cigars? Kmart Finn to send you Go Gators. Hey boy. Listen, I can't wait to get 'em.


What you, what you want one of 'em lunatics or one Listen them Daniel Marshalls. I want, I want 'em on 300 cigars. Nah, nah, nah. You can't. I can, you can't do that. You can't do go hold, Let smoke. You don't even smoke Cigars. I don't worry about it. Send me my money. Let, let me go upstairs right quick. I got so fun. Okay, I got you. I got you. I got, Hey Listen, this man owe me $5,200. I ask him for a 300 figure. He gonna talking about, nah. Okay, I got you. I got it. Listen, listen you, I had to buy furniture today from a new place. I had to buy furniture today. So I'm gonna get you 5,200. Right. I'm gonna get it to you. Where we in, we in April?


Yeah, Before we start the live show. I promise you the live show in Baltimore. I'm gonna pay you live on stage. You said that in New Orleans. I know in February I did. First of all, you were supposed to send me the money before we even got to the live show. But you ain't wanna get no Apple Pay or Cash Apple Zelle or Venmo. I told you you could have had it right there. You could have had it right there on the spot. But you wanted to be difficult. Ocho I don't have that. I don't have that on my phone. Download the app. It takes two seconds. I could have been sent your money. You ain't really want it. I want it Cash.


Oh, okay. What can, if you want cash Money, talk Cash screams. Okay. Your baby Promise. Hey Baltimore live show before the show start. I'm pay your 5,200. I want, I wanna smoke. I wanna smoke. What they called Marshall Penny Marshall Daniel, Daniel Marshall 24. Kara Daniel Marshall opened 24. Kara All Gold Cigar beautiful Too. The rest of So Penny Marshall was on Laverne, Laverne, Laverne and Shirley. Lemme Tell you something. When, when you, when the, when the Ash when they burn? Yeah. The Ashes be gold. What Man, it's a beautiful thing, huh? Yeah, I want one of them.


It's a reason they cost $300 a pop. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, that say Zelle shut down so I wouldn't have been able to get my money Z if Zelle ain't shut down. What they talking about? Ain't nothing wrong with Zelle. I thought one of 'em Cash apps at this Are Cash apps still going. Cash App, Zelle, Venmo, PayPal, apple Pay Cash app. I want Ocho. I want OCHO Pay. Where'd that, how can I download that app? Hey, where'd that app? Hey, well that's funny there boy.


Chad, you already this man. This man say I asked this man for a $300 cigar. I Said Okay. He owe 50. No, that ain't what you said at first. Oh. I ain't, I ain't hear you at first, Man. I'm about to run upon this man and get my money, man. Hey, hey Chad. Hey, hey, hey. Y'all saw what he did today. Pay about 21,000 worth of furniture and put it on social media. He throwing his nose up at me. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold On, hold on. I was, I was, I was, I was telling people that moving is expensive and getting furniture now. That was just my living room set. So I still gotta finish the rest of the house.


Ocho, Chad, don't y'all think yo ocho thumbing his nose up at me? Nah, this man, he, this man buying furniture. He said he just spent 21,000 on living room. That ain't no bedroom, no dinette, no kitchen. See that's what he Owe me. 5,200. Hold on. But that's what, But he got 21,000 to spend. But you gotta understand that's what's prolonging me sending your money because I have to make sure my kids have somewhere to go. When they come to me, when they come in, when they come to Miami. I gotta make sure all they rooms is done and everything is, You know, You know, so I'm sure you understand. If I don't get my money, the cemetery is gonna be one of the places they could possibly go. I need to get my 5,200.


Hey Listen. Huh? Chad? Yeah. He threw me this nose up at you, huh? Nah, I ain't, I Ain't do that. But listen, do the unfortunate circumstances, You know, I I, I had to move. I had to give me a place I had to start over. I'm sure your understanding of that. And you should be supporting me during this awesome time. You should be happy I support you. Yeah, you should be, you should be happy. You know you. Yeah, man. Shoot. Yeah. You should be happy. I if I, if if I show my, if I show my gun, they, no. Okay, lemme go. Gonna get this. Okay. You gonna flash your pistol at me? Now? We just talking about dropping a ramp.


Flashing the, flashing the fingers. Finn, go get his, I'm finna go get his hair from upstairs. Adrian said, who's your guys? Mount Rushmore of offensive lineman. Offensive Offensive lineman. Yep. Anthony Munoz. Okay. Lee Anderson. Jonathan Alden. Tony Belli. Can I throw you ain't got no tackles. Can I throw? Oh, it's, it's so many man. Yeah. Ah, Lee's so many. I'm taking Larry Allen.


I'm gonna take j Mike Webster gotta be the center. Well, it's too many. That's a good one though. That it is. That's A good question. Then you, I'm gonna leave out, you leave out Walter Jones. You leave out Garrett Zimmerman, you mentioned you leave out, leave out Munoz Art Shell too many Gene Upshaw. John h There's too many, too many greats. Trying to think. I should, I should have just went by position. Huh? So left tackle, I'm gonna go Jonathan Alden.


Willie Anderson at Right Tackle. Okay. My center. Gimme Jeff Saturday at the Center. Okay. I need, I need a, I need a right guard and the left guard. Ah God. Larry Allen. Larry Allen's the right guard and my left guard. Well, what, what's one, what? Richmond Webb. Richard Webb was a, a left tackle. He Left tackle Right. Okay. Nevermind. Yeah, nevermind. I need A left. I mean, you got, You know, you got Bruce Matthews, you got Dwight Stevenson. I go back apart a little bit further with, with offensive lineman And you, but Mike Webster is probably the, the Pittsburgh Center.


Right. Zach Martin just retired. But so I would take, I would take Larry Allen and John Hanna as my guards. Right. I would take Mike Webster as my center. I put jail at Left Tackle. I put Walter Jones at Right Tackle. Mm. Cedric Pace at Uncle Ocho. Today is my birthday. Can I get a shout out, Cedric? You absolutely can. Happy birthday. Hopefully you did something fun. Enjoy your day. Maybe you got a lady or wife or whatever. But hopefully you are able to celebrate with family, friends, and loved ones. Happy birthday and many more to come A b.


That completes this episode of Nightcap. The Florida Gators are your national champion, 65 63 over the Houston Cougars.


Thank you for joining us for this episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for joining us tonight and so many other nights that you, that you stopped by UNC and OCHO on Club Sheha. Thank you. We greatly appreciate that. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. Now if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We have it in stock. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly. Please stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platform, Sheha Media. Thank you guys for nominating us for six web awards. Shannon Sharpe, best entertainment creator, best Sports Creator Club Shesha Best creator slash influencer series.


Nightcap. Best create best sports show. Best video show Nightcap Best Live podcast recording. The link is in our bio. Make sure you go support UNC OCHO and Club Shehe by voting for us. Voting ends on April 17th. Check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. The link is pinned. Also in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour went on sale last week, two weeks ago. Now eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami, New York, Chicago and Detroit.


Tickets can be filed@sheasheamedia.com slash tour. The link is pinned in the chat. Our guest lineups are shaping up. Nice. So guys, you don't wanna miss that. We trying to hit all the cities and who knows, might have a surprise sit in there when it's all said and done. Oh, go get your tickets now. Thank you DC Young Fly for joining us. What happened? Yeah, we might most ever have a little surprise. Something so something so, so what Cincinnati? No, not Cincinnati. We got, Cincinnati is probably 26. 26. Oh, 2026. Yeah. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Cl thank you DC Young Fly for joining us, bro, we really appreciate that.


You know, we got a big press release tomorrow Ocho, about Nightcap all episodes because we're gonna do his show and the Atlanta Hawks. So we got you see the up there. But we got a big press release that's gonna come out tomorrow. So I appreciate you Atlanta Hawks for believing in US media and allowing us to be a part of this DC Young fly. Look forward to you. Thank you for believing in us. Also just goes to show a lot of the hard work that the team is putting in behind the scenes. We appreciate all of you guys. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. I'm up Heath Ocho. We will see you on Wednesday night. Thank you guys again for joining us. We greatly appreciate that.


I love y'all. The Volume, Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between Jeremy Scott and the son he'd never known. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.