
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only on Draft King Sports book. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Man Pack. Bring your ass sold fat. What's up? You had to go? No, he had to go to the bathroom. No, he ain't late this time. He late now. He ain't late this time. Oh, alright. Joining us on the Nightcap set. If Adam Pacman Joe, you go by Adam or you go by Pac. I go by Pac. You ain't never call me Adam. But but we were told like when I, when I was doing this on television that say he don't wanna be called Pacman anymore and he wants to be called Adam. I say says when I just saw it this end in the barbershop I supposed to go said everybody was calling it Pac.


Ain't nobody ever called a battle. I don't know what what coach Marvin was thinking about when he said that to the media. I think that was a a a sum with him that had nothing to do with me. Alright. Pac, because you're down here at the Super Bowl, you know the two teams that are in the Super Bowl, the Chiefs and the Eagles. How do you see this matchup playing out? I just, I can't, two teams are compatible but Andy Reed having two weeks to prepare for this game is going to be hard to beat Andy Reed. Andy Reed had a motherfucker wide open. I mean the other week when he had, they was in the trips formation. Yeah. To the right single back. I mean single receiver to the left side.


He sent the two over in motion just to see who they was in man. And then he ran the little play with the pick out the backfield to the, how the linebacker gonna make that play. He can't, there's no way he not gonna back. What's up man? You late. No. Fuck. And they sat on this play for the entirety of the game. They did not very look and I and I, we told, I talked about this, there are not very many coaches in that situation is gonna throw the ball because it you gonna stop the clock. Yeah. If that clock stops now you give them an opportunity to get the ball back with a chance to go down and tie you or beat you. Yeah. He says Patrick, and we saw this last year against the Baltimore Ravens. He said even Val de Scanlon who had dropped several passes during the regular season, he threw the ball on third down 30 plus yards down the field.


Yeah. That's the kind of confidence that Andy has in one five. And, and, and and confidence is well placed. Yes it is. And man, you can look at them last week and look at them four weeks ago when they didn't have words. They, they didn't have Chucko. Now they all healthy man. Hir is man the, he got better bro. Like he, he is That's one of the guys that ain't nobody talking about That can be MVP That's what I told you. Remember I told you earlier, you never know whose day it's gonna be when you watch the chase All season long. Every time they play it's always somebody else day. Yeah. Like you watch the Bango play, you know it's gonna be Chase. Yeah. Yeah. Half the time, 90% of the time you want the Chiefs play. Ain't no telling who day it's gonna be. Right. One day it's worthy. One day it's Kelsey. One day it's, it's Noah Gray.


So depending what the Eagles do this game. Well it's gonna be exciting. Done. Yeah it is. I well Andy re done play them already. He done beat him already one time. Yeah. Like so I don't know man. I just, I cannot see Andy Reed. 'cause if the Chiefs lose, it's Andy Reed fault. That's how I'm looking at. But Andy Reed don't lose a again but pack. If you look at it, this defense is different than what they brought to the Sue Bowl. Yeah. They got Jalen Carter, they got, I think Davis was there. Was there? No, yeah, he was there the last time they played. But if you look at Zach Braun, who's playing unbelievable ke look At Keon Mitchell. Yeah. Mitchell. Darius Leigh. You got De Cooper Dejaun and it's that, it's that two six, the all world running back that they have now that can hit his head on the goal post.


And we've seen it from anywhere on the field pack. This is a unique package that the Eagles didn't have last time when they came to the Sioux Bowl to face the, the, the Chiefs than what they have now. Yeah, of course it is starting with Sequan. Like he, I see him last night. Like he's, he's definitely the MVP man when you could run full speed and turn around, jump with Oak or somebody, bro. Like that's a highlight. Whoever that, I forget who it was, but you gonna be on that lot Jag you'll always be seen bro by, and that offensive line they got is by far the best offensive line that we've seen as a group together. I just don't know if they get down, can they come from behind just you.


Right. Carter? He's Unblockable coming outta Georgia. Everybody was talking but he wouldn't do this. He wouldn't do that. Well he should be drafted at they showed you, he's showing you why he should have been drafted where he got drafted at. He's unblockable. But I think with the play action, with the motion and, and getting Patrick out on the perimeter, it'll slow down Carter from just peeling his head back and going straight. Go. What you done here Pop pat? What you what? What you selling? What? Fuck. I ain't selling that. No. Around here. Making my, I ain't selling. Making round and making rounds. Rounds doing, talking about the Pacman Jones show different things that I got coming up. Lemme ask you, you played the DB position.


Who's the best DB in the NFL right now? Iain Junior. Oh, who's Second? Because you Asked that real fast. Second Gonzales, Like Gonzales like three on my list. You like Ramsey? I like Ramsey. Ramsey's still up there. He he like horn, horn. JC horn. Horn Horn. Gary. Hey Ramsey. Hold on. He be getting a lot of, I like what about stingy? Stingy is good. Sting is real good. Yeah. I like the kid from Green Bay. Oh, oh you lamore Lamore? No, no. Alexander. Alexander a Jaire. Ja. Yeah. Yeah. He not I like him man. When you talk about C he is, he just don't, he don't never get sloppy bro.


Technique is always on point. Always. If he supposed to be seven yards, he's seven yards like already set. If he pressed, he already pressed. Like I watched him probably every play that he played in the last six weeks. And I had a conversation with vj. VJ was my defensive back coach. He was defensive coordinator Ben jojo. And he's like bro, he just so disciplined. Right. And it's hard to beat if you are real disciplined. Right. I think the last person we seen like that was Rebus. Yeah. But see that's another reason why he don't get a lot of picks 'cause he's so disciplined. He's gonna be, he's gonna be where he's supposed to be. Be guys that get a lot of picks. Picks. Yeah. They normally are disciplined because they gonna take, they they gonna take chances. They gonna gamble. They go hey, they'll give up a play. Yeah. It like T Buck.


People used to ask Tbu say T Buck what? He said they got more slams than they got Goro he say. And if they throw that slant, I'm gonna get it. Yeah. Now if they sl, if they run the slow they got me. Yeah. But I'm thinking of that situation right there. They gonna run the S slant. Yeah. Yeah. I was greedy too though. I was Yeah, you were. I was greedy. I was trying to get everything I was re pat. Lemme ask you this. We see a lot of these guys and, and, and I think this the NFL should really bring you in to talk to some of these guys because you had some, some hardships coming up in the league. What would you tell some of these guys? How do you keep these guys with so much pack, these guys making money that you could buy a franchise for you 30? No.


How do you, how do you say guys look, I'm not gonna tell you not to have fun, but guys just be careful. I think the main thing now, like when my situation, I forgot that this shit was business. Like, you know what I mean? Being young and getting a lot of money at 21, you forget like, hey, this is a business. Right. And so for the younger guys, I would tell 'em, Hey bro, treat this shit like a business and treat it like you're not getting another contract. And if you kinda treat it like that, it, it'll help you get to the next contract. I think that's the reason why I played a long time. Like I never thought like this is gonna be my last contract. Like that's how I went into every contract. Like this is gonna be my last contract. I gotta figure out a way to make these motherfuckers gimme a new contract.


You get what I'm saying? And nobody never had a problem with me at work. You know, my, my problem was leaving Magic City at four 30 and we playing that we playing at 2:00 PM Don't come. That thing hung over. But I'm still handling my job though, you know what I mean? Lemme ask you a question. If you could go back, if Pac M could go, if Pac M could go back, do it all over again, what are some of the things Pac would do different? I wouldn't, I would've probably had all house parties. I would've never went out as much. 'cause I, I made myself a little bit too vulnerable and being vulnerable is not, not good. So I would just, I would change a lot of things, but the main thing, I wouldn't be as vulnerable as I was Kleenex or accessible as I was to people.


Mm. I think that that hurt me a lot and some of the dumb ass decisions I made now. I ain't, I ain't saying I didn't make no dumb decisions because I, couples decisions was dumb. The wings be them wings. The wings be good though. You be good. Match, match them. I'm, I'm still, I thought we was gonna go. Well next time you in Atlanta, call Pac. I'm an nerd. I don't like to go out nowhere. Hey, I don't. I'm outside. I'm the people. I'm, I'm the voice of the streets. I am the voice of the street. What they say? This ain't that. It is that. Yeah it is, it is that man Pac thanks for joining us bro. Yes sir. Appreciate that man. Congratulations on all your success. You in the podcast world. You're doing your thing. I check you out from time to time man.


Alright. You're doing your thing bro. Yeah, you're doing your thing too. You stay away from them blue pills though. I had to throw that one in there. You we gotta throw scrap boy. Stay scrap boy scrap. Woo. Lemme see. Lemme see it. You can't lemme see it. Oh, whoa. Lemme get that. Lemme see it. Lemme see if it works. Lemme see it. They work. It worked. It worked. It de it definitely works. I tried to, what do they calling in Road sparks? Road Sparks go to road.com/my cap row.co. Why you can't gimme nothing? I been hold up. You can't, you can't get nothing before me. I've been asking for a whole year. Come on man. All that money you got. You can't get a blue.


You can't. But here's the thing. Can't get one of 'em. They only work on me. You have, you have to call in and send your information. You not supposed to take everybody else medicine, you know that. Oh, they prescribed. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You the just the right, the right. Yeah. I might need go call in call, make sure I get the right dose. Pacman Jones joins ladies and gentlemen. Thanks for joining us. Appreciate y'all for having me. Appreciate you. Oh, Joe, hold on. I'm gonna catch you in a minute here bro. Appreciate it. Pac now joining us. He was NFL Rookie of the year. He was a former all pro and Pro Bowl player.


Played years with the San Diego Chargers and he played one season, if I'm not mistaken, with the Buffalo Bills. Here he is. Sean. Lights Out me man. What up bro? What up? What's up little man? What's up little man? What's up little man? There you go. I'm just getting up here. You already talk. Hey, he that bear kn getting up. Nah, I I was finna beat his ass years ago. See this. What happened? I I promise you he said this. What happened? He, I I didn't know he was playing around. I didn't know he was playing around a long time ago. Right. And he said he going right. So I stopped this. I was in the charge of facility. I walked out and I did a video and said I was gonna choke him when I seen him. Right.


I, but I didn't know Chad then. I didn't, I thought he was, thought he was serious. I thought he was serious. Okay. And we was playing, we were playing them coming up and I said when we see them, I'm gonna do something real bad, real bad when I catch him and we ain't, I never caught him. Yeah, It was a fun day, man. How you doing it Sean? I'm good man. Doing well. Good. Lemme ask you this man. You see this matchup, obviously Patrick Mahomes going for the Threepeat, the Eagles, Saquon, Jalen Hurst, AJ Devonte. Then you go to the defensive side of football. Yes. Led by Jalen Carter. They have Zack Broun in the middle. You got Slade, you got Mitchell on the outside. How do you see this matchup playing out? You know what, it's, it's funny because everybody's talking about the, the obvious Right? Sayquan talking about Pat, we know what they going to do.


I think, man, this game really gonna come down to the trenches. Yeah. I think it really gonna come down to Jalen Carter, Chris Jones. I think it's gonna be that kind of matchup because that's really going to dictate the tempo of the game. Right. You know, we pa they gonna get there. Saquon's gonna rush for whatever he gonna rush for. I don't think this Magnolia let anybody rush for a hundred yards this year. I don't think so. Yes. But again, so now he got a real, a real obstacle on his hands dealing with that man. I just think it's gonna be a unsung hero and they gonna be Pastor Mahomes and ain't gonna be, it is gonna be somebody like a slay Right. To step up, you know, getting pressures, you know, and, and, and in a ball force. And I think it's gonna be an unsung hero on this game that we just, we we really not talking about. I wanna know about the Fight league.


Yeah. I, That's what tell, tell us, tell the people about what you have going with the fight lead. Because I, I'm thinking about joining, you know, getting the hands wet a little bit, But, but it's MMA so I, listen, I can kick two, Whatever you wanna do. So look, when I back in the mid two thousands, I, I wanted to start, I was working with Jay Glazer, I was in his gym, right? So I grew up, my, my family, my uncles were professional boxers. So I grew up just boxing in PG county in Washington DC area anyway, right? Sugar Raylen Gym was right up the street. So I grew up around the boxers anyway. And so I was hitting the gym, hitting the, hitting the miss one day at Jim and Jay GLA said, Hey look, I see, see Could Box, have you ever tried MMA, it'll help you out in football with your hands coming out the As. So he took me to the gym one day and Jay Glazer's here and Randy Couture is sitting on my left and I'm looking, looking at Jay.


I said, I'm not fighting Randy Couture today. That's not, that's not happening. But when I saw man, I started training with these guys, you know, know every off season, Chuck Dale, t dt, all these guys. I got a chance to just be around and train with and I fell in love with sports. So I ended up launching Lights Out extremes fighting, which we, we looked at man as one of the feeders to, to UFC, you know, we sent, we sent six guys to the UFC last year. Okay. So that, so that's what, so basically you a minor league system to the UFC. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that the, the word minor league, nobody's gonna be bigger than UFC, right? No, no, no. There's gonna be people that's gonna fry of a head start. They got too much of Head start. And when you think of MMA, you all, you already think of the UFC no matter, no matter where you at. Yes. But what you can do is do some things that they may not be looking at. Right? We got a bunch of, we got chips and the gloves that can measure speed, power, punch, impact, all that's like a lot of tech, a lot of ai.


And I just launch my, my streaming service Lights Out, sports TV that we carrying a lot of combat sports. We got a big fight in LA this Friday on like in, in Long Beach for Lights Out streams, fight. So what you can do, man, because we able to pivot, right? We can do some stuff and if they like it right, it's, if they like it, they adopt it. And that's, that's the whole goal of man, we don't, we, we don't try to compete. We're just trying to create, lemme ask you this, you hear Miles Garrett says, look, I appreciate everything Cleveland, they made my dream come true first overall draft pick defensive player of the year, all pro Pro Bowl. I believe I've done all I possibly can, but at the end of the day, I wanna compete for a championship. Yeah. And I don't believe I can do that in Cleveland.


What, what, what do you do? You, do you have a problem with him? Like, I wanna go compete for a type. No. And, and the Browns organization gotta respect it. He's given you everything he possibly can from his standpoint, right? He's done everything. He, he can now you get to a point as an organization that they're not doing what's best in your interest now. Because after you make enough money, you, you already know it's the best in your position. You already got the Pro Bowls all pros or deep, you already got the accolades. The only thing now to do is get a championship. And if you don't have somebody out there working with you to give, put you in the best situation and say, Hey man, we gotta get this. We gotta get this. So you, So you to, the biggest regret I have in my career is, is not winning the ring.


That's, that's the biggest one. And all the teams we had, we should at least got one. Oh yeah. Yeah. We, we should Phil up Lt, we, we we should have got one. Yeah. And So, you know, I'm sitting up in, I I, you know, I remember going to NFL network going to the FL network and I'm sitting up there on a panel up, got Marshall fought. Everybody was up there and they got these rings on it. And I'm sitting in my heart beating through my chest because you've missed that part. So I don't blame Miles Garrett at all. For one to get out of an organization that hasn't put him in the best situation. Be a champion. I like it. What's next? The year just started. We, we only in February. Yep. We only in February. What's next for Shawne? Merriman in 2025? We, we got this, we got this big fight. We had the, the east west fry.


Yeah. Congratulations too, bro. Appreciate it. Yeah, yeah. Congratulations for East West Shrine. We, so NFL network had the, the game for East West Fry Bowl lifestyle sports. If you by network we had the practices. It was the first time they ever did the practices. You know, we wanna get more college conferences that's, that's coming down the pipeline. We're gonna announce this soon. But also too, man, bring, bring some of these guys and, and trying to get more, more formal guys into come, come and fight. You know, some of these guys have been playing three, four years, pissed off. They got cut a few times, you know, been in a bad situation. Hey man, life's out bro. Man, you look here. If they ain't been fighting, man, it is hard to all of a sudden just get into fighting when you ain't been fighting. No, it ain't, it's pretty easy. Nah, but, but one thing I'll say, Shannon, we don't walk in with two left feet.


Right. Automatically with Greg Hardy to help Greg Hardy. Man, he, no, he need more to help than that. He need a lot of Yeah. It's too late for help. It's too late. Yeah. Hit. Hey, y'all wrong. Hey, y'all wrong man. That's y'all wrong. Well, I wouldn't, I wasn't gonna say yeah, it's too late. I would just believe with that. But, but see that's, that's what, you know, fighting Right. Dude, that's a different type of fight. Right, right, right. Because street fight, you know, you okay, I'm just worried about the guy punching me in the ring. Guy can punch you, elbow you, knee, you choke, you kick you. Yeah. All that. It's actually, believe it or not, man, better for us because we, we can, we got explosion. Yeah. A lot of these guys don't got that just naturally Right. Being able to explode and do some of these things. And people talk about Greg.


Greg Hardy had a, had a nice little run. Yeah, yeah he did. He did. He had a nice and then he fell off. Right. It's, I think the next champ is gonna be one of these guys played three, four years. Right. You know, bill tall 6 3, 6 4 or six Like, like outta Sonja. Like Yeah. Like yes, yes. Built Johnny, Johnny, Johnny Jones Bone. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. We, we had a guy that was built like him. He just, he played for the charger, played for a couple teams. I think the next champion gonna come from a guy that's pissed, that's played three, four years, didn't make all the money he wanted to, didn't get his shot, got a chip on the shoulder and gonna be the be the next champ. That, that's why things will happen. I like it. I like it. What type of mindset do you have to have? Because look, if you go back in like the boxers Yeah. Most of the, most of the boxers way back when they came from, they came from poverty.


Yeah. I ain't talking about, you know, I'm talking about poverty. I'm talking about they were barely. And they, they had to do things and they was like, what's up? You gonna pay me to beat somebody ass and I ain't gonna go to jail for it. Sign me up. Right. And so what type of mindset does a person have to have to get into the MMX? I think see, see Shannon, we so used to running into other people in football, people think of us the same way. Yes. And we do. You gotta have a different, like I tell people, I say, you gotta be sick to run that way and that way and two people collide full speed. Yes. And then do it 50 times. Yes. Get up the next day, give your ice cold tail what you got, and then get take a day off and then do it again. Yeah. And then most people, so when we, you talking like that, but it's people out there that, that look at us the same way we look at them.


There's people out there, man, like these fighters that come, you know, or guys that come from NFL or NBA or whatever it is. They got that mindset that can do it. They just haven't, they don't know the path. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Like Chad, when you, when there's celebrity stuff, there's stuff you can go promote. But if you really go trying to do, you gotta find the right gym. Right? Yeah. The right coaches, the right team. And, and a lot of guys don't do it. And that's what we've been doing over lifestyle extreme fight. We have three guys that we, that we're kind of transitioning into this world to go and I think gonna be the next champs. Is it expensive to to to get into MMA? Not really. Not really. But it's expensive. You get with the wrong people. Okay. Mm. Because they rounds trying to snatch you field. That's one thing about this combat sports. Now you got a bunch of bad people in the, in the business.


But for the most part, man, I think that, I think the next heavyweight, the light heavyweight champ can come from the NFL or former NFL Sean Lights Out Merriman bro. Thanks for stopping by with us. Thank y'all man. Appreciate it. That man, The Commentary on the game. Who you got winning the game? I, I'm not going against the Chiefs ever again. I I just, I think the whole, I think 90% of the country group for the, for the Eagles. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not going against the Chiefs ever again. You not, you're not betting against Mahomes. I'm not betting against him and another people that's on the field like the 12th man. Right. We all, I mean Oh, the 12th man. I ain't talking about the Seahawk season. I like it.


Alright bro. Appreciate y'all man. Thanks man. All right. Good to see you. Shawne Merriman. What's up bro? Thank you bro. I really appreciate that.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends On submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, like, when when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


Oh, Joe Chip Kelly signed to be the OC of the Oakland Raiders. He becomes the highest paid offensive coordinator in NFL Hill. Oh, Whoa, whoa, whoa. When did that happen? Three a week ago. Hold on. Chip will make 6 million per year. Will Chip be able to jumpstart the Raiders offense? Jumpstart the Raiders offense with what quarterback, let's start There. They might go ahead and try to get Marcus Mariota. That's who he had. Remember he had the Oregon ah, and go Heisman Trophy. Okay. He was the backup in Washington. Okay, Now that, listen, I like the, I like the Raiders receiving corps. I like what they have every receiver. Now if you go get Mariota, who's shown he can, he can, he can lead a team.


You know, he, he has a good arm. He's a dual threat quarterback. He can run the ball as well. And I got cursed out now long ago. Mac Crosby, I know you're probably gonna see this. And right now I'm on your side depending on who you get at the quarterback position. You guys might have a chance. Mac Crosby sent me a dm. He was mad About what I heard. I heard everything you said about us not having a quarterback. That we not gonna be able to do anything Max, you not your side. Now I love you depending on who you get at quarterback, having Chip Kelly, it's gonna be a great thing for you guys. I love you and I don't wanna fight and I don't want no problem. But what, What was he upset about? Did not gonna do anything with a quarterback, but I won. No, I mean I, I I think he tried to argue the fact that they could do something without having won.


You Had 112, 113 catches. What'd that get you? Four wins. See, I didn't even bring up stats. No, I'm just saying. So yeah, you get in. Yes, we've seen a lot of players play with bad quarterbacks get numbers. Right. But at the end of the day, okay, what are those numbers leading to something Two. Right, right. You're right, you're right. You're right. So Max UNC said it. So you wanna get mad this time, send It to UNC. If there's nothing to get mad about, we just stating facts. Facts. Right. I mean, a bunch of numbers. They need to be something. They need to be like social security number. They need to ba password numbers, number what if number, what, what are those numbers lead to? Right? What about getting out of those numbers? And so you're right, they, they need, they need a quarterback, they need a a couple of other things also. Right. But I definitely think a a a quarterback.


But do you like this hire? I like the hire. Yes. Chip Kelly. His creativity and what he's been able to do throughout his entirety. He's had some, some bad rap, some places he's been. But I know what he can do offensively from an offensive standpoint. If you get a quarterback, that's the key. That's the, that's the, the deciding factor on their success. Well, the thing is that he worked really well last year. He was offensive coordinator. Ohio State Buckeyes, they won the national championship. Maybe he's better suiting in this role as opposed to being a head coach. Right. Because you know, he wants to, now he just has to worry about getting the offense ready to play. Right. He's not in charge of scheduling, he's not in charge of conditioning, he's not really in charge of anything except the X's and Os and getting the offense Right. To perform at an extremely high level. So I I I like this move also.


I do obviously with Pete Carroll being there. No problem with Pete going back. People are surprised that, well Pete going back, why didn't he get Coach Belichick? Nah, Belichick ain't going there. Why not? Who the quarterback? Hell, who the quarterback in North Carolina. I think Belichick took that job in North Carolina to show the, the GMs and the coaches that I can be a leader of young men too. Despite what y'all may think about my old ways and my old coaching ways. Let me show you, I can, I can resonate with the young folk as well and coach at the collegiate level and then bring it on now. Well he gonna get, he he gonna get a job If, if if six Super Bowls and nine 10 Super Bowl appearances ain't enough.


No, I don't know what it is y'all No. That, that, that, But you know, you know how Young Folk that update that resume? Yeah. What have you done for me lately? Lately? Yeah. Oh. Joe Cooper Cup to be traded by the Rams. Rams are willing to eat some of the contract to facilitate a trade. Where will they land? You know what? There's so many good places where Cooper Cup can go. He can do so many things. So many teams can, can benefit from having a receiver like Google Cup that he can play in a slot. He can play on the outside. He's an elite route runner. Still to this day. Obviously the opportunities decreased tremendously Once poop and na Cool. Got there. So I'm not sure where he can go, but I hope the place he does go, he's able to continue to contribute and get the opportunities he deserves as a receiver that he is.


So he, he still, he still has those wheels. You know, they, they, they're not flat just yet. So I'm not sure where he can go. I you, you look at the landscape of the NFL and who could use half number one, number two receiver like Cooper Cup. What happens with t Higgins if T doesn't stay, you know, bring in a Cooper Cup? Who, who, who can? No, no, no. I don't, I don't like that. 'cause Cooper Cup will take him to catch away from, from from Chase. 'cause they kind of do the same things. Yeah. I kinda like, I kinda like, I think he needs to be, he's more 49 ERs. He's more of a slot. 49 ERs, but they just got Pearsall. Ah. What, what do you think? I I just think I I, me personally, I think he needs to go somewhere with it.


Look, can he play outside the numbers? Yes. Yes. Where is he more efficient, effective Inside, inside the numbers. So he needs to go somewhere that where has a similar situation. I'm trying to let Carolina, Carolina, who runs the West Coast system? Oh, green Bay runs it. But they got, they got your, you good? I'm just making sure you good, good. You sure? What, what? All right. What's really going on? I'm, I'm making sure he good. I'm good man. I've been good. Okay. Yeah. What we talking about? What you wanna talk about? Whatever you wanna talk about. Let's talk about where you been.


Why, where been white? Why haven't I seen you on IG making you just coming back. You was off IG for me. Alright, so this look, I ain't gonna lie to you. This is what happened. Scared. You got shadow bands? No, I ain't get shadow banned. They banned your ass. For real. I got fat. I was like 3 0 8 for real. What the, you was doing depressed about what My knee was. My, my knee was messed up so I was six weeks. I couldn't move. I was just sitting there eating, just eating. So I went to go tie my shoe when I knew I was real fat. My son called me fat already. But you know, he a hater anyway, So, you know, he is my oldest so he a hater anyway. So when I knew I was real fat is when I went to bend over to tie my shoe and my stomach got in the way and I had to move my leg to the side to get down there.


Yeah. Yeah. 'cause I was like, well damn. I was say, but maybe he had, 'cause I remember you had mentioned that you, your knee was bothering you. Yeah. I said well maybe he had surgery. Yeah, I did. He just outta commission. Okay. Boom. But I was like, what? Damn, hold on. Don't take nobody to know three, four months to recover from no knee surgery. Yeah, dude, man, I had meniscus repair. Oh. So I was six weeks nine weight bearing. I couldn't put nothing on it. So I'm, I'm like, I'm about 6, 6, 7 months out now. Okay. So how you, how you did that? Old injuries? No. So what happened was the gym equipment that I was using at the gym, it failed On you. So I was, I had a band around my waist. Yeah. And instead of using the band, I used a Velcro belt that they had there.


Cheap Velcro belt to hook to the band with bell squat? No, I was doing Bandit R dls. So you put the band? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. So I'm doing like three 15 and I'm doing the bandit and then the thing snap. Ah, so to stop from falling on my face, I had to drop the weight and jump over and I landed straight like this on this knee pop. Yeah. You felt it when you Oh yeah. I went that day. Got MRI and was in surgery the next day. Yeah. Damn. You gotta stop doing that heavy shit. No, No. That was, that's funny. We, we work. I mean, that ain't heavy already at three 15. That ain't, But you added, you added, but now you got tension throughout the entire movement.


Which I know that's what you looking for. Boom. Yeah. You got had that push. Yeah. You know, bro, you, you get, nah, you're not close. Let see. Oh, you, you what? 45 6 age aint got nothing. Age agent ain't got nothing to do with strength. If you got the right technique, huh? Yeah. You supposed to know that. Why we, why are we talking about strength with a man? That's 1 75. Man, you talk, listen, you talk. I'm 2 0 5 right now. Listen. 2 0 5 2. I'm Thank you. Don't man, come man. Don't make me come up about this jacket man. Please. But listen, listen, we talk, we talk about strength. You talk about a man that's 1 75. But you know, I've always been very, very strong. You just Said you was 2 0 5. No, I'm saying he's saying I was 1 7 5. I'm just listening to what he talking about. But I've always been very, very strong. So you talking about you doing three 15 RDL I'm three 15 on the bench.


I just did that workout this morning with, They told me he do 2 25, 4 5 Times 27. I did, I did 2 25 27 times when? When I was training when I, this was about two months ago. Hey man, you say stuff so well that No, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm serious. I'm serious. I wouldn't Believe it. You had people, you had people obviously listen, you have talk to Chip. Chip was our, our Strau. I know Chip. Yeah. To ask Chip how I was in there. I did my workouts for the defensive lineman and the offensive lineman. I didn't even work out with the receivers. Just Because you working out with them, that don't mean you doing their weight. No, I Have to do their weight. You know, people like, Hey, I work out with Sha Sharp. You have do, Because I'd be in the way. I'd be in the way. I can't be in the way.


So I would, I would always go first and say, ask Andrew Whitworth. Who, who, who ask Whitworth, I don't believe you Sha you listen. I Wouldn't listen. I me listen, I'll lie for you before I lie to you. Listen, you gonna have to show me mean you're Steelers. What they gonna do with the quarterback? You won't, you wanna see Russ or you'll see Justin Fields. Which one do I wanna see? Yes. I don't know. Or does it matter? I I I don't really think it matters too much to be honest with you. I would, I guess I would go with Justin 'cause he's younger, but yeah, I don't, I don't think it matters.


I think they gotta find a a another option At quarterback. I, I believe so. Okay. Okay. If that's okay. How about this my boy George Pickens? Do they extend him or do you let him go? Just from what I'm seeing, what I'm hearing, I don't know if it was me, I would, I would try and I would try and trading him get something for him Too. Good. What? Just saying that behavior, it's just hard to win behavior like that. Yeah. That's just me. I mean, I mean, you see, yeah, you see it, you know, it happens with, you know, it's, it seems to just be happening a lot of times, you know, with the receivers.


I don't know if it's just that, that are Really, really, really, really good. Yes. Lemme ask you a question. Yes sir. You think George Pickens is the equivalent player of Luca Donit in football terms? No. No, because he, he doesn't get the opportunities the Luca does. He is not the Luca Doni. What what you not gonna do is sit here and discredit George Pickens and how good he is because, and comparing him to God, Luca for one, he doesn't get the opportunities. And that type of, if You gave him the, if you gave him the opportunities, would he'd be the third or fourth best player in the NFL Boy. He'd be the third, third or fourth. Whatcha talking About? So he'd be over. Hold On, hold, wait, wait. Stay right there. Oh, I like you just said that. You put, you put, you give, let's take player period.


Yes. No, I can't go to that's, that's what I'm asking. Listen to me. Okay. I've seen his skill set. I know what he can do. Stay with me real quick. If he got the opportunities Jamar Chase got and to steal his offense, what do you think his numbers would be? I'm not saying though, wait, Let me finish, let me finish. But the comparison with Lu, I mean Luca always has the goddamn ball in his hands. Let me finish. Okay. If George Pickens got the opportunity, Justin Jefferson got with Minnesota, what you think his numbers would be? Number would be outstanding. But he still would be the third best player in the NF nfl. So that means you'd have to put him in front. Oh No, no, no, no. I'm talking about receivers. You talking, He said players. That's why I flipped out. That's why I went, I dropped back. I, I receiver her. Yo. Yeah, absolutely. He has that kind of talent.


Now don't do don't do me like that. No, but I'm saying so I'm saying the negative Behavior. Oh yeah. Now that I don't like and we didn't talk, we done had that conversation. Yeah. I guarantee he won't have no problems at him no more. How, how can you get to That? I done had that conversation with him. I guarantee you and I don't wanna sit here and talk about what we About I understand. I understand what Saying. I'm saying listen, that window of op opportunity, would that be shrink real fast now it shrink real fast. Don't matter how good you are. Now I use your line. They'll tolerate you until they replace, until they can replace you. Now they ain't they That's Mike. Mike, Mike will say that all the time. Oh yeah. But there's no replacement for him right now. Which is why I think he might get a little grace. So don't be surprised he does come back. I think he's gonna want a deal.


He's not gonna come back without a deal. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So I don't, I don't see with his current and past behavior. Right, right, right. With me as a organization taking a chance of saying, I understand. Hey, I'm gonna give you this. I guarantee you and I can stand on that right now. You won't have no more problems outta George. Pick that. Go Mike to you gonna see this, you know, the, the wounds. Y'all gonna see this. I guarantee you won't have no problems no more. So this, this ain't probably NFL standpoint not alone Man. You not really, you. It looks like for me from look, sitting here looking at you, you know is no, I, no I ain't gonna lie, man. I couldn't, I I mean fantastic receiver dude. I'm not gonna lie to you, but Right. You know, like you said, the conversations you had Oh yeah.


Things I know. I just couldn't take that. Right. I couldn't take that chance. I I just, I just know what he can do. I understand the value of that he brings to an offense when he is utilized the right way. Hit his head off the goal post anything. It's only, it's only a few, it's only a few receivers. The NFL can take a hitch and take a slam and take a 80, only a handful. Jefferson Chase, I mean all those, one of 'em, you know. No, no, don't. Halfway on on the play. Oh No, no, no, no, no. Oh no. Ain't too many halfway. You can go halfway on the play and not give all your As Oh that, that Part. Okay. Okay. I see. I see you going, I see you going, I see You going, lemme, lemme ask you this. What about Coach Thomas? He ain't going nowhere. What you mean? I mean, he, he's gonna be there. What, what? He got three more years left.


Think it's a, some nice piece of money. Like Yeah, there was some speculation about him being traded. No, Dude, he's not, they not gonna trade him. You got a coach that the good, the good things, you got a coach that, that can win can keep you above, you know, 500. Yeah. He hasn't been below five, what, almost 20 years, whatever it is. Do I go and get rid of that in hopes of getting something better? I don't know. It's six in one half, half a dozen in the other. Also, the other things is you're at the Steelers organization being above 500. That's not, you know, that's not the standard that No. That they need to. No, and that's, that's my a the standard is, is limb bombarded, you know what I'm saying?


That's the standard. Yeah. And you know, when, when, when it comes down to it, you know, you gotta sit back and you gotta look at it like, yo, you know, we ain't wanna playoff games since 2016. Oof. You know, that's a hard thing, you know, to, to, to look at. You're talking what about a eight year drought there? Right. But like I said, that's, that, that's the negative things. But since it's still three years left, me, I'm gonna have to let it ride out because, you know, the devil that I know is better than the devil that I don't know. Mm. So I, I think that, oh, I, I Gotta write that Down. I think that's the thing though, James is that somebody write it down when you look at it and you're like, oh, he hadn't been but the standard, you're not paying that kind of money to be nine and eight.


You're not paying that money to be 10 and seven when the standard has always been Super Bowls. Yes. Playing for winning, competing for Super Bowls. I don't think anybody goes into the beginning of the season say, man Steelers are, Steelers gonna be in contingent. They're gonna be right there at the end. They're not. They get hot and then they fall. I don't know what, I don't know what this, what's happening. They get hot for like nine, 10 game and then it just, just step off a cliff. Yeah. I, I can't, you know, I can't, I can't give you an explanation of that, why that happens, but you know, when, when it comes down to it, you know, everything has to go back to the head coach. And it's not like you got a head coach that's been there for three, four years.


You've got a guy that's been there almost near 20 years. Yes. So the lack of a quarterback, the lack of, you know, offense, defense, whatever that is, it falls back on the head coach because you had plenty of time to have years to be like, alright, I need to get into, I need to draft this position because if this person is coming up and they won't be able to continue to, to to play. And you have to get your, your next heir parent at that position. And you know, when you look at it, man, like James was in being, Listen, When you look at it, man, the queen, he's in there. I'm not saying you hold on to being too long, man, to be honest with you, I'm saying you didn't get somebody to get ready to replace Him.


So similar to like a Aaron Rod, Jordan Love situation. Yes. Where you don't wanna piss your quarterback off. Could you see what happened when they drafted Jordan Love? You got Aaron Rogers pissed and they had to fuck over Somebody. They, they, they pissed off Brett f too, but yeah. Did him, it ended up getting a Super Bowl. And that's the same thing. Now until you find that guy the, but Steelers should know firsthand because they didn't do the proper job with Terry Bradshaw. So it wasn't, they had those long years of mediocrity until they got a quarterback in Big V, which was in 2004. But think about when Terry retired. So you had 20 years of just, just failing around. Yeah. And that's what, and similarly that's what, that's what they are right now. Because unless you got a quarterback in this league now Yeah. Control when you first got to the league, run the football, run the play defense, you could have a marginal quarterback and you can win.


Well, yeah. I mean, you gotta, you gotta look at when, when Ben first came in, you know, that's what we did. We ran the ball, you know, and run, run. He'd hit him over the top, you know, and, and let him get the time to learn the game and figure out where the ball should go, where it shouldn't go over that course of time. And you know, his biggest plays were okay, it's a scramble and he's, you know, he's tossing it 20, 30 yards down the field. Somebody's taking off. Right. So, you know, running the ball is something, I ain't gonna lie man, I really want to see, get back into it because it's just the physical aspect of en enforcing your, you know, your will on somebody else. They just cannot stop you. That's, that's the great, you know what I'm saying? Now you putting eight and nine in the box and now it's time to go over the top of the head. Yeah, right.


You Know, I like it. You like it? I like it. Yeah. You wanna coach. Do I want to coach? I do not want to coach unless it's, it's my kids. I, I would be willing to do that if it was my kids, but to put actual damn coach crying time to put actual time. You Understand the time that goes into it. Yes. A lot of times it's a lot of time that goes into it. Like for me as a player, I put a lot of time into it, but as a coach you're putting even more time into it, you know, and that's not something that I'm, I'm willing to do, do my love for the game is not, it's not that great, especially, you know, if I'm playing it, I'm gonna give you everything I do. Right. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be there from dust till dawn, you know, I'm gonna do everything I need to do, take care of my body, but just, you know, coaching it, I don't, I don't have that love for it.


And then, you know what it took to be great and then you coach and you see guys Woo. Driving around, it's, listen, that's something that I, I would, I would have a hard time with. Especially when you're looking at what it, what they could be if they put in Yeah. You know, the time, the effort, you know, you, and that's not just, you know, on the field, it's in the weight room, it's in, it's in the off season, you know, you know, especially now where you don't have much practice and all that. Yeah. You know, you got a lot of guys with all these soft tissue injuries, you know, they wanna, they wanna point to the field, the turf and all that. What you need to point to is guys aren't training like they used to. You aren't putting those forces on your body in the off season or you're not getting it leading up into the season.


You only got three games guys play, you know, 20 snaps for the whole preseason and then, you know, week one come and you're like, Hey, give me a hundred miles an hour, 65 plays. And you wonder why dudes are tearing and getting all these soft tissue injuries. Exactly. It's because they're not preparing their body to go out and play a season. When I trained, my hardest thing was the off season. Like I put in more work. I I I put in more strain on my body than I did in any practice. But, and that's the thing though, because when you look at MA man, IMMA, This is still Chad, you know what I mean? He, he always go talk crazy. Nah, but you, that ain't, but listen, it's one thing about talking, but you know I'm gonna get in there and you trying what?


Trying. It's gonna be a tribe smash play On you a hundred. What? How much weigh 2 0 5 right now? Man, Go pick that little shit up with one hand. You Gonna pick it up because he gonna Pick that shit up with Not I'm you, I I'm you up no money. Fuck bro. This nigga Man, he the brakes off his ass. Oh bro. You talking about brakes. This ain't no car, nigga. You talking about brakes. This ain't no car nigga. All right. Hey, Alright. What we gonna do? We gonna get advertising sponsor. Hell like Listen, I know he don't, no. Oh I know he don't. I know he don't. No I know he don't. But this what, This is what I'm more worried about. I'm more worried about he might eat that little shit you throw At no. Forget what punches he ain't conditioned like I am. He gonna be mad in two seconds.


He gonna try to throw a punch. He gonna try And throw my weight back. Grabbed said you said he been mad. He grabbing me. Stop saying that fight hit you your mouth. Don't say that no more. How the hell I get on this? I was walking by, I'm about to get hit in my mouth, boy, God, Because y'all disrespect. Y'all think that could, Hey A C Hey Peay, you know how a C North the end this forever. I don't Like, I don't like that. People look at size and they determine wins and it determined wins and losses based off size. You saw David and Goliath Remember that story? Right? Man, that was the Bible. Remember that story? Remember what happened? You in there, huh? Yeah. Not don't, don't do that. That paint yourself up to beat David. You Read the Bible? Yeah, I read. But you ain't, do you read the Bible?


One of us who? You read the Bible? Yes. These are one of us. Start reading a lot. Start reading because you gonna need   Boy, you good? I gonna need you. Good. I thought you was good. Start better Chad. Chad, listen. You heard me? Listen. Hey listen, listen, listen. Lemme talk to you got good. Nah, listen. No. Hey y'all Take my life for a joke. My ain't no joke. All my kids, I'm gonna fuck you Up. I just need all that, all all It on. All that crazy. I'm gonna bust you in your mouth. I'm like, oh, what's on?


I put that with my kids, you know I don't play by my kids. I got 200 of 'em. I got you. But you good boy. You Good? I'm gonna show you. I'm good. No, you really, I Think show you I'm good. What? Oh my God. What you gotta do? You got Something to Say? Listen man, I accepted my Lord's savior in August of this past year. Man. I was baptized. You Are? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. Well my mine getting off and, and see What you about to make me do is go totally outside. What I said I was going of your Character, right? No, Listen man, I think I might, I've been trying to hold this thing inside of me for a long time. Excuse. Because ever since I got like fined by Roger Dale for 75,000, I've been wanting to kill somebody.


I think you might be the person I that's, I think I done brought you. That's Fine. That's fine. That's what he that's fine. Whatever you wanna do. You know, matter of fact, if you beat me, I add a 75,000 to your person if you beat me. How about that? So you get your money back. That's how serious I am. Oh, You gonna gimme that? I give, I give it back. You might as well just write that right now. You Got me fucked up man. You might as well right there. And how can peace, like, hey, how can I get involved? Y'all talking about making some money Sha a minute. Where, where's my Part? Hold on. I got, I tell you what part you gonna beat the nigga. Cut man.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory. How they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style. holmes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


All. You ain't work that day. There gonna be no work done. Do my check come where I do nothing. Hold on. So hold on. I got, I got three because I walked down the aisle. I walk, I bring Him out on So you don't believe in me? No you don't believe me. Stop. And you talking shit. What you think? Okay. What the hell I like believing in you against me, you life, all that stuff. I don't care where you from. I'm from Akron, Ohio. That don't mean nothing. You from where? Akron, Ohio. I'm gonna back right off your As from McElroy? Yeah. Who City? Who? Daye County. I don't even know where that is. I know I don't really don't matter. You know it don't matter. You gonna know when I lumped your ass up. That ain't All my, alright. I get it. You, I'm Done.


You know. You know what? Matter of fact, I'm doing too much talking. Yes you are. I'm doing too much talking. Yes you are. Let's just set set the shit up man. We Got running. Set. What you want? Yeah, mark. No, it don't matter nigga doing. We can do that in front of everybody. It don't make me nothing. It don't matter where I'm at. Run. Can you go be mad? You nigga. What? Hey run while I need you to. We got six bucks. I take everything else. We got paid but I don't trust him. Huh? I don't trust him. You see the note? You save the No, no, no. Listen, I'm trying to tell you. He's that pit bull that he's since sit up. You get close enough. Grab your ass. You chef pulled you down right?


You said what? I pulled you down. I pulled you down for a reason. We go, we gotta playing Niggas fat. I'm playing Up. He, he's dead ass. Oh yeah. I'm setting up. We got this. We gonna make, so talking about he's Sir what you Nah, I ain't play. Did I play with you on Sundays? Yeah. He come to me for next. He exactly like we about to fight before the came. I say no man, they gonna throw me out for real. I ain't get time to PJ like I'm gonna be he pull up where the shirt run up. Come on man. Skip. I said no man. They go throw me out. For real. If you go get the play. But it, It's the thing. This ain't football no more. This is red. Light. Light. And he, he, you, you, you tested my manhood.


Not, and he disrespecting me. Oh. You going, are you? No, no, that Shit. Okay, we'll see Y'all. Same man. We'll see how much, how much time you need to get the knee right. You completely, oh, I Don't want no excuses. That's gonna be his first excuse when you lose. Oh, my knee was messed up. Oh my knee was that Right now. Had that right now. I had a minute. I'm here tomorrow. Y'all bring me back. Oh to tomorrow. I'm go run and do my thing. Oh. My knee hit me back. Oh. I need some. All this man. Hey, I need to get my content Up. I'm gonna beat that nigga ass boy. I tell you what man. Give to whatever you need to do sha give him the time and he gonna need to gain some weight. You might want give I gain weight. I need to gain no Weight. I think six months will be good to go. Can you be ready in six months?


I can be ready tomorrow, man. No, we need tired. We gotta, we got, we got cel. Well shit, Now quiet now you quiet. Be quiet. Soft fast. Ain't Somebody quiet Soft fast. Okay, well July Soft fast. You soft boy. Okay, I see you. All that shit. I see through all that muscle shit. Ain't about nothing boy. Okay. You got the right one. I'm going To, you got, you got the right one baby. What they say? What did, I'm gonna try to see what they said in the chat. 'cause I Beat the chat ass too. See, man, listen, we gonna have, listen, I'm tired. I'm, I'm not listening.


Yeah, I'm he, I'm Helen Keller. Don't talk To me. I'm trying to make me laugh. Don't Talk. I'm still trying to make you laugh. For what? Because whatever you smile with gonna be missing. I Don't bust your ass too bad. Okay. Alright. Bet. Nah, nah. You got a game. Bet you got, you got the G. Hey, he asked for this. He asked. Oh. I'm gonna give you everything you looking for. March, April, may, June, July, August. I think August will be right about the right amount of time. I Don't need, I'm good now. You better talk to him. Hey Ryan, I'm gonna fuck him up. Lies all right. I got deebo, Chad. Huh? That's fine. I didn't, you know, I want you to better get 'cause my, my teachers in high school said the same thing. They didn't believe in me. And look what I became. You did. Look where I come. You did As who? You got Deebo.


Okay, Aaron. Who you got? Deebo? You got, Thank you. Thank you. Somebody that believe in me, That, that's a, that's a OCHO producer Aaron. So Okay boy about it. Unfortunately. Put all your money on him too. James Harrison. Ladies and gentleman, thank you for joining us Deebo man. Appreciate it. Hey, get right. Get to me. Right. Yeah. Get right. You got this. Listen, Get, get right and Yeah, I know. I know. Ain't lying man. It's gonna be the easy. I thought playing football was easy. Okay. That gonna be the easy money you ever made. Okay. Ever made. We'll see. Long as the money, right? Yeah, we see the money. Okay. Some money. We'll see. But yes, That's how I know he gonna get his ass whoop.


'cause he worry about the money. No, I'm, I'm going in. I'm going in for business. You going in for Business? I'm going in for business. What you doing after this show? Huh? What you doing after this show? I'm Finna go to Fresh Quarter and smoke a cigar. I'm gonna go tell me where you going. I'll meet you there. Okay, bet we can take care of it then. I just Told you. I just told you I'm be in the French car. Be in the French cord of smoke of the cigar. Okay. So whatever you wanna do. Yeah. Alright. We got our next guest coming to the stage. Ocho. Hey, I ain't even shaking your hand. Go ahead. Yo. I don't need to shake your hand. Just talking about all be taking these off. All right, bet. Take your knees off. All right. Be, be I bet I see you man. I'll see you. Hey, I got Deebo.


Alright. Next Gilbert to the game is the San Fish Code. 49 ERs All World. Oh yeah. We, we gonna be good. We gonna bull go Be good to the stage right now is the San Francisco 49 ERs all pro linebacker. One of the best defensive players in all of football. Fred Warner Doing what's up wa What's up bro? Good. How you doing? Nothing dude. Appreciate it. Thanks for having thank


four time AllPro linebacker. Join us on behalf of Experian, which can help improve your financial health and keep more money in your pocket. Mm. You may have seen Fred and his wife sitting in commercials highlighting how people can save money and time with experience by canceling unwanted subscription, negotiating your bills for lower rates and more. In fact, according to Experian, 93% of Americans said it's more important for them to save money as a couple. And Experian is making that easier to do. Mm. So whether you're single or in a new relationship or happily married, download the free Experian app to learn how you can take control of your money. Finance it, and save time and money. See boy, hey. You said no right there. You didn't even Let me say something. Did you heard everything you just said? Yeah. Everything about experience. One first thing you said was wife. Yeah, couple. Yeah. Girlfriend. Yeah. There you go. Like, No, that, that, that just triggered me based on the situation I'm in right now. Yeah. Being in the dog house and things are in limbo. Okay. Because this is something that, that me and that other person that we can get into, you know? So Then download the Experian app today man. It is going to take care of all that for you All. Listen, I know you are, you probably watching right now. I know we on bad terms, but download the Experian app and see what it can do for us. Boom. Maybe it can mend things. There you go. Okay. Because God has favor. He does. And Fred Warner and his woman, they're an example of wicked B. When two people come together, That's it. You Hear me? I don't know what type of foundation we on right now, but their's is solid. So how, how did you get, how did you get involved with experience? Yeah, man experience. They're so amazing. First of all, they're, they're, I mean I want to save my time, save my money, right? Just like everybody. Yeah. Right. And that's what they're all about. They're trying to save you time and money. So for example, you get a Peloton, right? Yeah. You on that Peloton, you gotta get download the membership, right? Then 2, 2, 3 weeks later you're like, man, you know what, the Peloton just ain't working for me. Right? But I forgot about the membership. Membership that all 'em subscriptions that you accumulating over time, man, it all add up. The little 3 99 ERs, those are the ones that get you. 'cause guess what? They kind of slide under the radar. You don't, you don't realize you got 'em. You download the Experian app, they take care of all that for you. They get rid of all the unwanted subscriptions that you don't use or don't need. Save time and money.


I like you get your former defensive coordinator back, Robert Saw comes back the last time you guys went to the Sioux Bowl be coming back. Right. What happened this year? Because you guys were in the super y'all, you guys were in this situation, correct? Just last year. Correct. This year, some injuries. What happened? What does the 49 ERs need to do to get back in this position and what happened this year? Yeah, I mean everybody talks about the injuries, right? I think it just, when you go, when you go through the whole year, things just unraveled at the exact wrong time I think you can call it. Right? We thought we had a chance to really get back on track. Mid-season we get Christian back, right? You know, we win a big game on the road against Buccaneers Buffalo. We think we can come bounce back after a bad game against Green Bay.


He gets hurt, we lose guys on the D line. We lose Trent, we lose ba Like all these, all these injuries kind of just happened at the wrong time and we just weren't able to continue to compete at a high level. So we gotta get back, man. We gotta get back on track this off season, get guys healthy and get that, get that dog back in us. Now When you, when you think about the off season, right? Are there, are there any pieces, any acquisitions that you see fit that can help and bolster the defensive side of the ball or the offensive side? Or are you, are you happy with the core guys? You guys have? I Mean, I see Miles Garrett asking for a trace. I'm Like, Hey, what up? We jumping it up at the Pro Bowl talking. You man, I, I love my team. I love who we have.


Right? You always looking for more, more pieces, you know, more improvement. Of course, you know, we need improvement going into the next season, right? Of course. Based on the season we have. But I love everybody that we got in our locker room. It is gonna take everybody just taking a look in the mirror and just taking that next step, going the next season. What if Fred Warner, obviously you've been a, a multi-time all pro player. You've gone to Pro Bowl, you've gone to Super Bowl. What's left? What do you want to accomplish, say the next four or five years of your career? Four or five Super Bowls. Four or five Super Bowl. I, man that's, that's honestly the only thing I'm chasing at this point, right? When I, when I wake up in the morning, it's no longer of like, alright, I'm trying to just be the best in the game, right? I wanna be the best of all time.


And what does that require? Not only playing at the best, the highest level, but having the champion, having the championships right? That, that's the ultimate team award is a Super Bowl ring. And so what do you have to do? You gotta go outside yourself. You gotta get uncomfortable now. Where you going? You, you're getting after your teammates like, hey man, come train with me, come train in the bay. Like let's get, let's get after, let's get to it. So we making sure that we're training together and we're doing things the right way to, when ultimately the season comes, boom. Now we'd even that more locked in the chemistry there, the comradery. We gotta build that up to start getting, getting these rings going. What about A-D-P-O-Y? Absolutely. Because you know, you look at the great linebacker from single Terry to Bunker Ray, Ray Lewis, lacer. Yep. Or Kiley.


Yep. All those guys, they all got one able to accomplish that at the middle Lineback position. And I think you're in that, you're in that category. Absolutely. But you're gonna need, you're gonna need to get one of those. Yeah, I, I'll take it this a step further. Why not MVP Okay. League mvp or you try to be the LT two of those now Adam Page lt, I figured let, I wanna shoot for MVP and then if I fall down on DPOY hey that's great too. That's, I'm that's the mindset though. Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to think. It's early. I've asked everybody that's been on here, this, it's early, it's February right now. I'm not sure how much time you take off from your season before you start back training. What do you do in the off season? What does that look like before you get back into business?


Before getting back into it? I mean, I, all that time in season when I'm dedicating that to just strictly football, like I want to give some time back to my family, right? My wife, my son, I got a 10 month old boy at home who needs his daddy. You know what I'm saying? So it's kind of using that time to take some trips, spend some more time with them. Unfortunately I gotta come do stuff like this 'cause I'm not playing in the Super Bowl. Right. But it is a pleasure, obviously be amongst the grace and do and do stuff like this, but yeah, man, to spend time with family. That's dope. Yeah, that's dope. Yeah. I mentioned Robert Salas coming back. What does he add to the defense that maybe was missing? Because a lot of the pieces were there. I mean, obviously you got you and Boa and Floyd was there a couple of dbs missed some time with injuries, but what, what is his voice being you hearing his voice in your headset, what does that do for you and what does that do for this defense?


I mean, it, it just adds another layer of stability, right? Having a guy that's proven that's done, been there and done it. And with our team, not only just in this league, but with our team, you know, he's the one that brought me in as a 49 er, he knew exactly what he wanted at the position, at each position, right. And so we're looking at a really young secondary coming back this year, a defensive line who obviously was a little banged up, but getting those guys back going, you know, we don't know what the second level gonna look like yet. I want, I want my boy Dre Greenlaw back with me. Yeah. But having him as ultimate teacher to, to get to write the ship and get us back to playing dominant defense, we're gonna need it. This is what I'm going to ask you. Here was the situation. D Drake comes back, right? Andre Campbell was in, he was playing, he was playing well, right?


But Drake Greenlaw, you and him, y'all got chemistry most and they inserted him back into the starting line on, and Campbell's like, nah, this ain't for me. Did you know he had, did what he had done on the field? Or did you learn about it once you got into the locker room? Yeah, no, I didn't know. He, I didn't know it was unfolding in real time. I found out later on, I I, I truly wish Dev Andre would've handled it a a different way. Right. Because obviously now that's, that's a horrible way to go out. But yeah, man, it's just unfortunate that he had to, you know, make that decision As a, as a competitor. As a competitor as Brady. You at your position, do you understand where he was coming from even though he handled it the wrong way?


Do you un do you understand that? No. Yeah, no. There no, there's, there's, you know, there's obviously, you gotta look at it from both lenses, right? You gotta look at it from obviously our, our team perspective. Right? And you don't, you don't sell, you can't, you don't sell the team out, you can't do it. No. But from his perspective, obviously he wants to be on the field. He wants to make sure he, he treated, you know, with respect and whatnot, which you obviously felt like he was disrespected. So you could look at it from both angles. But at, at the end of the day, you can't handle it like that. Yeah, okay. Yeah, it's just tough for me because look, you understood why you was there. You was there because Greenlaw wasn't available. Had Greenlaw been available, you weren't been there. It wasn't like a whole lot of people beat down your door. I think it, there were, there were along the way there. It had to been some sort of miscommunication. I I even had that conversation with, because now obviously he, he up and left and that the, the co the ties have been cut there.


But it's tough. But you never know. And, and we had this con remember we just had this convers conversation with Michael Pittman Jr. But that when his quarterback tapped his head said he was tired of he blow, what did he say? He, I'm curious, I wanna know what he, he say they had a conversation, have a team meeting to know what was expected of him and what was going to be accepted of him. But the one saying like, like you said, we're a team. Yeah. And when you're a team, the one thing we don't leave anybody behind. We go a we all, if we go down, we let's handle it after fact. Yeah, yeah. After the game over, we gonna handle this. Yeah. I mean I I, and I get it. I mean, I, I don't think there's a a ever a time, I mean, you suited up, right? And you should have said, look, if I don't start coach, if I don't start, I don't feel comfortable in play.


Right. You can't wait till they need you. No, no, no, no. That's the part, that's the part that I got a problem with. Right? Sure. He wait, he waited until they needed him the most. Right. And to pull this. Yes. It just, it was all handled the wrong way. You know, obviously I'm sure he wishes he could have handled it differently, but it is what it is now. Yeah. What do you guys, what do your team need to do? I mean, you guys, you mentioned you have some injuries, the offense played well, Purdy's gonna get a big contract. You know, when your quarterback get those big contracts, you know, some people sometimes, a lot of times Fred, they have to go contracts, you know, gets restructured. Yeah. Or some teams you gotta cut some really, really good players, some really, really tough decisions that John Lynch, the GM and Kyle Shannon had to head coach.


They're gonna have to make, and a lot of the guys that were on that roster for that final game, they're not gonna be back for you. Right. I mean, but that's every year, regardless of this Purdy situation. Right. Like you can go look at Philadelphia for example. Like they paid Jalen Hurst now they paid him a good back. Yeah. But their team is loaded. And why is that? They've been able to hit in the draft and develop young talent. Yes. Where they're now thinking like, everybody's looking at their team like, oh my gosh, how is, how are the Eagles so loaded? How did guess what? They found a guy in Zach Bond who was a edge rusher over in, in the Saint with the Saints, who's now an all pro office ball linebacker. Yep. Like you're, you're hitting in the right areas. You got obviously Jalen Carter in the draft who's an all pro at, at d tackle. You, you, you sign a guy like Saquon Barkley who was one of the big time hits that you had.


And then, and then everybody else who you already have on your roster is, is playing at a high level. So it it's about just doing like these little things that you hitting on and everything coming together all at once to then ultimately give yourself the best chance to win at the end. Yeah, you definitely, Howard Roseman has done an unbelievable job in the draft. You look at Cooper Deje, you look at the other corner, Mitchell you mentioned they lose Jason Kelsey and they get the guy to replace him. Come on. He goes right. And he a pro bowl. He a pro. He goes to the Pro Bowl. Great. There you go. You know you had those big guns outside. You had Lang you had Otta. Yeah. You had Dixon. Yeah. Dickerson in there. And you Right, they've done a great job in the draft and they've added some few pieces. They go out, make the train for AJ Brown. Yeah. Huge. And when, when you hit, when you hitting like that, yeah, it's like you don't know it.


I mean, AJ Brown was phenomenal with the times, but I mean, he took another step, another level with Philly and found and like found another level over here. So it's like you, you know, you never know, but they're, they're doing it right over there. And the funny thing about it when it comes to the Eagles and the way every, where they're run, the way they're running things up there is they keep, not only are they hidden, they keep on hitting every time. It always makes sense. It's like they playing chess, but they making every move the white move. Yeah. Too. The thing with you guys were hurting you guys that you're going so far in the playoffs that you're not picking 10, you're not picking, you picking 30 of Yeah. So Jay Carter's not gonna Well that, that's why now it's a unique situation. Right now we got 11 and in the first round we got pick 11. So obviously, you know, they're gonna use that however they see fit.


And let's, let's roll. Like, let's, let's use it to our advantage. Well what would've helped had you not gave up all those picks for Trey Lance, that, that really set y'all back, Craig, because you gave a first round of the high draft. But I ain't gonna blow my pay grade. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Fred Warner, AllPro linebacker representing Experian and make sure you go download the app, learn how to save money, take control of your finances. Yeah. And you can save time. Fred, thanks for joining us all. Appreciate you bro.


Y If y'all need some extra legs down there in the bay, let me know that. Hey, hey, come on. Talk to me. You Miles. We, we he done it buddy. You took me. I've never done it. You do it. He talking And he don't believe in me. Listen, I'm, I'm, I'm finna fight Deebo, right. I'm finna fight. I'm Finn James Harry, you Finna fight Deebo. I'm finna beat his ass. Oh yeah. I'm finna beat his ass. Y'all, y'all Fight bro. Y'all box. No MM Arick. So So you don't believe in me either? You Seen be That, see we always look at people's signs and think that means something. No, no, no. That don't mean nothing Like MA though, like on the ground. Like how Is he going to, how's he gonna touch me Fred? As quick and fast as I still am. You gonna keep the jab. You gonna keep it This man, I'm finna beat the dog shit outta his ass. All, Hey listen, I'm, I'm, you know, I'm team Deebo now if aint people like, he literally Debo but I'm Ocho ocho.


What happened to Deebo on Friday? Oh, got slipped. Alright, There we go. It Close. That's it. Good to see. Appreciate. Hey y'all man. Good to see you. Good to See you too. All pro linebacker. Fred Warner. In a recent interview, Packers running back. Josh Jacobs was asked if he believes the team should add pizza this off season. Jacobs candidly responded. I think we need like three fellow teammates. Don Van, I forget Wix replied to this interview. Thumbs down. We called out ERs fans tweeting out a lot of ERs. Fans help you man be all player crazy to the Packer. Look to bolster their wide receiving corps ocho this off season.


Wait, they wanna bolster their wide receiving corps when there's nothing wrong with their wide receiving corps. Listen, you have a, you have a young corps of guys maybe, maybe bringing a veteran presence. Yeah, I I'm thinking of there, is there a veteran veteran presence that can come in and help that they can learn from? Cooper Cup comes to mind. Yeah. Cooper Cup comes to mind. But again, the young receivers have done a phenomenal job though I think too, they've done a great job. I don't know if you want to, you wanna mess up that chemistry and continuity that he has with Jordan Love and those guys. I mean, John Jacob was asked, he said we need to bring in three pieces. He didn't say they need to be wire receivers. Yeah. So, but The wide receivers, I guess the wide receivers, they, they heard It suit you. You ask, you ask the offensive player that then they think it's coming from an offensive perspective on what they need to bring in. So I kind of understand, Man, that's funny.


He said Jayden, Reed, Carl out Packer fans tweeting out a lot of y'all Packer fans. So f you fd up man, that's your own players. It's crazy. I mean he just, I mean, I think the thing is sometimes, look, it's never easy when a teammate says, yeah, I think we, because who brings, who brings back the status quo, right? The exact same roster. Right. And expects you're gonna improve. You have to make tweaks somewhere, right Joe? But also, wait a minute, let's say, let's say not making any tweaks, sometimes bringing back the same thing, the continuity and the chemi, the continuity and the chemistry that they do have, right? Might be better than it was last year because now you have another year under your belt. But I think you still gotta bring some pieces in. There's some, some, look, you're gonna lose some and you're going to add some, you just hope that the pieces that you add are in the right area, right?


Because you're gonna lose some pieces. Nobody's staying the exact same. Right? I mean, Tampa tried that after they won the Super Bowl, brought all their guys back and that didn't work out quite well. And so I don't think, why would you ever, if you didn't win the championship, bring all the pieces, stay exactly the same, right? When you didn't cut capture your ultimate goal. Right? But with that being said, he was like, I guess he felt that a teammate, excuse me, a teammate shouldn't say what he said. Well, He didn't say a position, he didn't say a specific position. He just said maybe three pieces. He didn't say widow. Three pieces should be, you know, when you got a puzzle, three pieces to the three pieces to the puzzle is, is, is is pretty large. It can go anywhere. Anywhere. But I think sometimes Ocho when it's always a family member, yeah, we can take criticism for outside.


But if it's family, if it's from inside. And when you look at the structure of a team, we look at us as being family. So anytime a family criticizes what we're gonna do, right?


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface, enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me in former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed It and the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah you're just like, do I send the Heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the post-season run.


Coming to the stage now is two Ocho played for the Bengals. Ted Caras and Alex Kappa. Each one. One one. What's up bro? How you doing man? Man, what's up? What's up bro? How you doing? What up baby? Good to see you man. What's up? Have a seat. Tell us. Tell us, tell us what brings you up to see the bounty. The quicker picker up. No, hold on. Click the bounty wingman. Who are the bounty wingman today? Okay, because can you Can't have football without wings. You cannot. You cannot have. And you Can't have wings without bounty. You cannot, can't do it. So if this two plan, the quicker picker upper right. Oh this is the good stuff.


Good stuff. Really good stuff. Real. This is the the diesel. Okay. Yeah, I like it. Listen, I mean we might as well be in Cincinnati right now. There we go. How has your experience so far been at Super Bowl This week? Kind of just, you know, just coming straight to Radio row, you know, I've been to New Orleans, new Orleans a few times. I love this town. You like it? Yeah. How has it been so far? It's been good. I had some beignets last night. Ah, unbelievable. But it's been good man. Just hanging out here. Okay. Okay. Talk to us about the season. Obviously you guys didn't make the playoffs and having been to the Super Bowl, you know what that's like. So what, what is the bingos? What do you guys need to do to make sure that next year in San Francisco that you guys are not able to come to Radio Row?


Yeah, I mean you can't throw away games, right? Like if you look at our early season, we had too many games that we just threw away. Like game four or five games we should have won and we didn't make the play. And when you do that, it's, it's tough to dig yourself out of a hole. Even if you don't wanna run at the end there. That Patriots game really hurt, huh? Because when you look back at it and see where they finished and look where that one game, what if you like? And that's what it comes down the street during the season. It's, look, we can, there's game here, game there. But you're like, hold on, we lost to that team. They're gonna be picking third in the draft. And we lost to that team and they potentially kept us out of the playoffs. Yeah, no, and I think that's officially something that's, that's on our back as a program is seen, get these early wins in the season and not, not play from a two three game deficit against Kansas City, Buffalo, Baltimore, and, and you know, just be in the pack because it's gonna be tight regardless.


Yes. Yeah. But we can't drop three to start and expect to do anything in the Ffc. But you know how close those games are even between teams that win a lot of games and that don't, if you don't play well, you're gonna lose those games. It's that simple. You look at Kansas City one score games, they don't lose one score games. You lose a couple of those games now all of a sudden the six, it works out different. Some teams one score game, they might be two and eight another team in one score game they might be eight and two. That's the difference between a team making the playoffs and a team that doesn't make the playoffs. What do you gotta look, you lose your defensive coordinator. You bring, I think Al I think Golden comes back in. He was a BB linebacker. Linebacker, yep. End up going to Notre Dame, becoming the dc He comes back. What are some of the things that you think you guys need to do in order to improve this overall team to make sure you guys just in the Super Bowl about four years ago, how do you get back?


So I think it just starts with preparation. We, we, we gotta come out of camp healthy and ready to go prepared healthy, ready to go for week one, week two and, and put ourselves in a, in a great position in our division and in our conference. You know, I'm excited for Scott Peters our new aligned coach. Okay. Think he's gonna bring a great, refreshing, new energy to our room. Hey, I've talked to Dave Andrews up in New England and you know, he, he speaks very highly of him so I'm excited to get to work with him. Yeah. And it's not wholesale changes like, I mean every game is gonna be close the whole year. So it's making those plays. It comes down to execution and if you execute in those close games, that's the difference.


Better get 'em Right. Matter of fact, get 'em right. Get 'em right. Also, you know, also I want to point out also watching us. I'm saying us, even though I'm not on the team right now watching us throughout the years, we always have a problem and issue with starting slow. We always start slow where we have to find our way, pick ourselves out the hole. You know, what do you think we can do from an offensive and defensive standpoint to where we can get a, get a get a season finally where we start fast for a change. It is not so hard to climb back into in contention later on in the season. I think we're probably gonna, it's probably gonna be a little bit different of a spring program. Right. And and obviously camp too. And you know, I think that Zach will wanted to play us more in this preseason.


Right. I think we'll probably have a bigger volume in the preseason coming up that you just talked about that. Yes. Because he, I'm from the old school. Yeah. He used to play the first preseason game. There's four preseason games. Yeah. But obviously if you went overseas or you played the Hall of Fame game, you played five. But we would play 10 play the first preseason game. We played 10 plays and then we played 20. The third preseason game was just our dress rehearsal. So we're playing three quarters and then the fourth game we were out. Now a lot of these guys that y'all, you guys don't even play the preseason. How difficult. And then now you ask, well you don't play the entire preseason. Alright we're gonna turn it up. We want you to go all out 60 plays. That's asking an awful lot guys. Yeah. But you still see, see Teams do it. Like I think the Rams, when they won the Super Bowl, they didn't play it all in the preseason.


So I don't, I mean it's doable. I don't like to look at that as like kind of an excuse. Like I really think it comes down to executing plays. Like, like why did we lose those games? I don't think it's 'cause we didn't play in the preseason. I think it's 'cause we didn't play well. Right. You know what I mean? Like I was just kind of pointing to something that we could change. Yeah, no, to just change up the the mojo. Right. Right. Yeah. Right at the start of the season, this is really the first season. That job has been completely healthy. I don't know how much he played 'cause he was nursing a calf injury so he didn't participate a lot during training camp camp. But this is really the first season that he hasn't been health. That he was healthy and you guys didn't make the play playoffs. 'cause normally when he's healthy you guys make a deep run a FC championship game or Super Bowl.


How important It's to make sure that he's healthy, he's upright. 'cause when he's upright he's as good as we have in the league. Yes Sir. Yeah. I mean, and that shows that it's a team game. 'cause he was playing as good as he could play and when we all didn't play well enough around him, but obviously our job's to take care of him and he's best in the world. I mean, Let, lemme ask you a question because I was always interested like when your guy beats you for a a sack and you go be like, damn, I sure hope Joe didn't know that was my guy. He'll know sooner than enough. Put it right on the right out the street. You gotta get out in front of it. That's on me bro. That's on me. That's on My damn. My bad. My bad. So guys, you're representing Bounty. So what, what are you guys doing for Bounty? We're wingman, dude.


It's the wing men stick together, wing Wing men are there for each other. And so we're just representing Wingman, you know, bounty that well they say there's billions of wings eating Super Bowl week or something like that. Bounty will keep it clean. It is rare. It's a rare, very rare that offensive linemen get an opportunity to pitch products. Oh yeah. Normally it's skill player, quarterback, quarterback, wide receivers, dbs, linebackers. Now you two guys are actually pitching products. Oh. With the dynamic job. And Once you see this guy eat wings and you would understand he's a wing tongue score all flat, all Flats. No Drums. Never flats. I like that. Im a flat guy like that. I'm a flat guy. But like, don't act like you're too good to eat a drum. Like we can all eat.


Hey come on. See I was, I was about to ask flats or drums. So if we get, if we get a 50 platter, how many flats, how many drummers? I go 30. 20. 30 flats. I'm going 50 50. 50 50 flat. 50 is better than people. That's why if you're Fry better, you can grill 'em better. Right. They're better soft up. It's a better dip. Ooh, I like that. I like you going. It's not as like, you know, sometimes in the drum you get like that nuy tissue, Right? Yeah, that is true. It's Pure meat. Okay. Yeah, I like that. I have one question. I wanna, I wanna, I wanna, I wanna take it back to football real quick. Especially during the off season with some, some, some things that are gonna have to happen. We're gonna have to pay Jam Mark Hicks, we're gonna have to pay T Higgins. Do you think it's possible to be able to fit everybody under that umbrella and being able to pay what they deserve based on their play thus far?


There's always a way. I mean, you look at teams that manipulate the cap like crazy. There's always a way. You don't even need to manipulate it this year, it's going to 2 75. But you Have to understand, you talking about team being able to manipulate the cap. But teams also don't have a T Higgins teams don't also have a Joe Burrow and a Jamar Chase. And most teams don't have a Mike Brown as an owner. It's tough. Don't talk about don't talk, don't talk about my owner. Well We'll defend Hotel show. Let him know. Gotcha. That that's the biggest thing. The teams that manipulate the cap, those are the teams that really want that, really spend money. And they'll worry about the cans On the back end. Sometimes the, sometimes you gotta sell out for a couple years. See, oh, Oh you mentioned the Rams. That's what they did.


That's what did they make the thing with, with Matthew Stafford and they got the, they got the trade, make the trade for Von Miller. And you got ad you got Leonard Floyd and you, you make your trade for Odell Becker. You get J Fox Did it too. Tampa. Tampa. We did it. Exactly. And now they're still winning. Even though like some of that Tom Ka, they had to carry over stuff like that. But they found a way to keep winning. Yeah. And the thing is, is that you bring that mindset in there. Once guys get a a taste, They win. Oh yeah, it sticks. Well That's I think why Patrick Mahomes is so dynamic. He, he knows how to win that organization. I mean they're winning games 19 to 11, you know, 15 to 10. It's like, ah, those are weird games. But somehow they're winning. It doesn't even seem like they're playing that good.


And then they come out and win the game. Yeah, that's all that matters too in this league. That really is all that matter. Thank you guys. Ted Caras, Alex Kappa. Thank you guys for joining us. Bounty Wing. They say they the wing mans. Check it out. Thank you guys. Can't have wings without bounty. Can't Have wings without bounty. 'cause somebody's gotta clean up that mess. Come On. Thanks for having us. Thanks guys. I see you. Well we out. Yes. Thanks Philip. Thank you guys. Appreciate it. Good luck. We take. Appreciate it. See baby. Are you on? Anytime I got you. Yes sir. Yes sir.


What's up bro? Coming to the stage. What They do baby? Fuck you Good. You got it? Yeah. Cleveland Browns all world cornerback. Denzel Ward, my guy. You up. Ocho D. Who up? You. You might be talking about, you might be talking about Madden. You, you ain't talking about Real mad leading up. I done study. I done studied him to a TI could tell him about his whole game. What he going do down the distance. Tee You up. That's what I'm Telling. Then Nathaniel the great Hey listen. One of the, one of the greatest technicians you gonna be seeing the tweets where I talk about And all Of No I study. No, that's Why I appreciate that. Listen, I ain't even playing the game though. Yeah, You can't Ward wait. Said the game. The real, the real deal.


Yeah. Hold on. I got, I got one. I'm go a technician, Denzel Ward number one. That got damn stingy. Now everybody can play K but it's the different, I'm talking about that dog. Remember the, remember the play You just said PS two. Nah, no. Hold on, hold on. No, I say Pat, pat. I'm talking about technical, like it's different, the skillset. You know, watching somebody six two dude and watching somebody how tall you are? Six Foot. Yeah, it's, it's different dog. He's so fucking fluid by the hip. The footwork Number one. What? That ran the deep Higgins on Higgins. About Higgins? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'm mad. I'm mad Dog. Pick the, oh dog. No, that's that, that's Denzel. Thanks for joining us.


Obviously the other day, you know about it. I don't know how soon you heard about it, but Miles Garrett sent a letter to the Cleveland Browns. He's asking for a trade. Could a comment? Anything you wanna say? I don't, man, like I said earlier in the season, I feel me and Miles, we like Shaq and Kobe. So I, I've been saying that. So I wanna play with Miles Garrett. You know, I don't want him to leave, but sure. I, If he leave, what's up? You, you, you ask, you Ask me check. I don't know, just check the details under the trade. I might be in there, but nah, I don't know man. I like, I wanna always say I love Cleo. I'm a hometown kid in Cleveland and shoot, I mean, I wanna say home miles of say we gotta get this same rolling, but we never know. That's the NFL. We'll see what happens. But you have, You also have to understand, you look at the landscape of the NFL, you do the teams that win consistently year in and year out.


There's one position that allows you to contend for a Lombardi trophy and that's the quarterback position. Now the Browns haven't been able to find a quarterback adequate enough to make sure they're always a contention year in out. Correct. So at some point you do understand where Miles Garrett is coming from Yeah. About his wish and hopes to contend for Lombardi. Yeah, no doubt. I mean that's the main thing, like Right. I mean just last year we had the number one defense. Yeah. So, I mean, we got things kind of settled I feel on that end. So like, like I said earlier, we need to solidify the quarterback position. Yes sir. Quarterback being hurt and we just been rotating guys in and out and Right. It, it is hard to win like that in the FL. Yes sir. Do you feel you the best DB in the league? No doubt. I doubt. No doubt. Like I said, I, I'm a technician. I found the number one technician in the league at Corner.


But I'm a play maker too. Like, I make play, I'm the most playmaking corner out there in the game or whatever. But it's A funny thing when you talk about dbs, right? 95% of dbs play not to get beat. They got 5% play to make a play. There's a, there's a difference there. There there's a, there's, there's a complete difference there. I, I listen. You don't understand. I can see and talk about DB playoff. Yeah. I like db play as opposed to receiver more. More. Who do you think I want you to, to be honest with yourself. Yeah. Do you think at any point in your career right now, when you came in, when you was in college, that you could cover me? I thought that's a rhetorical question. You know, Not a rhetoric. I just wanna know if you really You could do that. Yes. Like serious, serious. No, I mean like, like you think You get open and, and your prom, you think you getting Open get prime.


I can get over on your ass right now. Oh, you're Not. I I seen one, one clip. You got hand up and Time, time out for one. I ain't having no cleats. I ain't see, I ain't see it. I, I seen, I really couldn't dig up outta it like a one or two. And what I, when he stabbed, I was just gonna go up under it. I couldn't, I couldn't get up under 'cause I ain't had no grip. Yeah. I'm say the old ocho, he, he'd have got around there. Oh Yeah. Yeah. That's the old ocho. Yeah, I'm 57 now. He now he's just an old Ocho. Not a old, not old Ocho. The old ocho. Yeah. But lemme ask you this. When you, when you look at Jerry, Judy, he came to Cleveland after some years in Denver and the quarterback played, had a lot to do with that. He was a technical. Now you talk about, I can imagine those, those one-on-ones and practice because he's technical.


Yeah. He, hey, he can get in and outta breaks. He got great movement. What did you see? What, what do you think the biggest difference was between him and Cleveland and him and Denver? Mm. I think it could've just been opportunities for real opportunities. But like you say, he a smooth route runner. He go, he go get in and out them breaks like that, like in practice we going at it Yeah. Every time. So we getting each other better for the games. But yeah, I think it's just opportunities getting the opportunity to get the ball more and being that number one guy, he, he the number one guy for us and, and he been making that happen. This shit, how Was it having jam in the locker room? We see, we see the clip of James. They be eating Dove. Give him those sermons. No, I love, I love James man. James is a great quarterback. I feel sure he is giving us the best chance to win.


He gonna throw that ball when he, when he get out there. But just a great team guy in the locker room, like what you see on, on film in the clips, viral clips. Like that's, that's really who he, and that's him. So you gotta appreciate that and love who he is. Listen, Since you've been in the league right now and you, you understand the landscape of the receivers, who do you think the best receiver in the game is? Mm. Or just gimme your top three based on those you played. Well Go you play face. Yeah. Yeah. Like since I've been in the NFLI like right Now. Right now let's, let's go Right now. Oh, right now I'm gonna, I'm gonna put Jamar, Jamar up there just being, having to see him two times a year. Right. That's always gonna be a battle. So Chase, Devonte, I went against him.


Adams? Yeah. Jefferson? Yes. Okay. What you said three or five? What'd you say? No, that, I mean your top three is Yeah, I'm go with that minute. Is there someone that gives you trouble? Like I, when, when we, when I talk about dvs obvious my plan day and I think of someone that gave me trouble. Yeah. It was only one and that, that was Reeds re it was only one, you know, regardless to where it was. In my point, he was technically sound, he was patient. Nigga had patience like Sally Mae. Wow. But you know, people ain't finna pay Sally Ma. Right. The kind of patient he had in the last, so nothing I did would really work. He would arm bar. Yeah. He was always in position. And then his, his his ball skills, he had the ball. You have the same ball skills. You and Derrick Stingley might be the only two I know that have elite ball skills that don't get impatient.


They don't panic when the ball is In there. That's the biggest thing. Nice and calm. Yeah. But he, he had that same thing. Yeah. One receiver gives you trouble if there was one. Right. It's okay to be, it's okay to be honest. Yeah. I'm gonna be honest. Like it is, it is a lot of great procedures, but I don't feel, no one just gimme like, oh it's just crazy trouble. No, but when I first came into the league, Antonio Brown though going against him as a rookie. Yeah. I feel like okay, you know, this is really a matchup. Like he, he put pressure on me. Right. Right. But I mean it's a lot like Chase. Like that's a tough matchup and stuff like that. But I don't think guys in a, it's too many guys that really just I feel working me. I ain't feel they ain't work out. Right, right. Okay, I got you. I got it. Because I, I would, I would look at it looking at your sides, I would say they're not the really the big receivers.


You like Kio is a big receiver. Julio the big receiver. Yeah. Guys that play through contact, I would think a smaller guy that's your side, like Oh right, right, right. It's those big guys that, that use their physicality that want to want you to try to put your hands on them so they can play through that contact. How do you adjust that? How do you adjust to that? Do you prefer playing against bigger receivers knowing that you can transition better than them knowing that it takes them a while to get out there breaking. I didn't see you but you twitch you they down now what you Prefer that that that's, that's a good question. That's a, that's a tougher part too. Going against a bigger receiver. Right. Like let's say a Mike Evans. But I think it depend on where you at on the field too. Like we in a red zone. Okay. Then they might get a little turn. They trying to throw a jump ball back that. But I feel when we in a big field, I don't really have no issue where they big receiver, short receiver Right.


Or whatever. Just using my quickness and technique, I feel that's how put me in position. Yeah. How do you stop because I, I think the hardest ball to stop, the hardest field to stop is shoulder, Shoulder, back shoulder. I knew it. Yeah. How do you stop that back shoulder? Because if you are, if you behind him, he gonna throw the gold ball. If you, if you, if you're in front of him, he gonna back shoulder. How do you, how do you defend that really You're trying to dictate the route. So me, I'm gonna take away the nine, the deep ball first and then force him to, 'cause I mean that's a tough throw. You gotta really be on time and like the only guys I've really seen on great timing is Aaron Rogers and Devonte and that's Green Bay. And Green Bay. Yeah. Is when they were able to hit that back shoulder like that. So the back shoulder that I don't think that's gonna beat you are in the game. Like you want to take away that nine ball first. That's what I'm taking away. And then I'm just gonna compete back on the back shoulder.


Alright. That's what's up. Denzel Ward, Cleveland Browns, all World DB says hey and Miles Garrett might be a package deal. Nah, he didn't say that but Miles Garrett the Magic Crane, he wants to play with Miles Garrett. Hopefully it's in Cleveland but it doesn't seem like Miles wants to Confi finish his career in Cleveland and we, and Come on, come on down to Cincinnati. Nah, he don't want, but like you said, and you want to and you wanna win also I wanna win. Yeah. That's why that's that's why you play this game. Yeah. You can make a lot of money. All all the awards, the all pros and the Pro. That's nice. But you wanna be at this game. Yeah. And not doing what we're doing here today. Yeah. So good luck down the road. Thanks for stopping by Nightcap.


We appreciate it Denzel. Appreciate y'all man. Sir, what show? You can't come from Me though. Just you already know that. You know I can't. I know you DM up. I ain't even worked that. Huh? That's it. Oh man. I was, we done Where Deebo at? Where Deebo at? Hey Chad. He go see Chad, August. Chad, Josh. I just want y'all to know how serious this is. It's not a game. I'm finna start training right now. Six months. I got six months. I'm gonna holler at outta Sonya. 'cause outta Sonya, we probably had the same skillset, same height. I'm finna beat his motherfucking ass. I promise you that's on my kids and I You got the same skillset as Outta Sonya Height. You know, just, you know, I'm slender or, or maybe I'm, that's that's the only thing y'all got.


Y'all. Y'all slim Mocho. Okay. So I I that my fight style needs to be just like his I can't, I can't talk McGregor's too short. That's not really my just run. I'm not running. Yeah. I'm not running nowhere, man. Anyway, Chad, I love y'all. I appreciate you. It's coming. It's coming. Just know I'm going, I'm putting this out there. I'm looking for a cohost around August. August. You could take, you could take Ocho seat like probably around mid-August to to September. So I'm looking for a co-host. It's gonna be UNC and somebody else. UNC and whoever Because he's gonna be put outta commission.


Guys, thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network.


Please make sure you guys subscribe and hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we thank you guys for early morning showing this level of support. Make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online and we'll ship it directly to your door. What better way to celebrate 2025 than what a bottle of shake. Please drink responsibly and be safe. Make sure you go follow my media company page or all of his platform. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84. We just restock everything. Use code Super Bowl for an additional 10% off. We also drop new beanies in every color. We've also introduced gift cards available in 25 to $500.


It takes the guesswork out and lets someone special pick exactly what they want. Tickets for our Super Bowl show tomorrow in New Orleans are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth at the Mahalia Jackson Theater in New Orleans. Be there. Big guest lined up, coach Prime, master p Juvie, flavor, FLA and Deebo coming back to beat now. We don't want, we don't want to beat you up just yet. Just in August he gonna beat you up. So thank you guys for joining us again. We will see you tomorrow night at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. Thank you guys. I Love you. Call me The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad-free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids. With district detailed and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it ifs. The homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent who knows the home best. It's home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me at former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.