
This is an iHeart podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures, and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen To good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family. An incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging, written with and about Las Vegas Raiders Running backs, coach Delan McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold. The volume, The NFL version of this topic, Jalen Hurtz was concerned for his teammates after signing the biggest deal in NFL history.


Don't screw the team. Make sure my team is around. He told his agent, how am I going to keep my team around? How are these guys still going to be paid? Nicole Lynn is his agent. I think he's one of a handful of guys that have a, a woman as an agent. She's a vp. I think she's a really high ranking official at Clutch Sports. The Rich Paul agency that he started, I very fortunate enough to meet her and some girlfriends at, at the fight. So had a great conversation with her, but you see, he's like, yeah, the highest paid. What good is the highest paid if we can't win? Because I'm trying to win championships and I know the team that I have around me because they're gonna want paid days too.


So I'm willing to take a little less and be able to keep X, Y, and z and PQ around as opposed to taking all this money and only be able to keep one or two of those guys around. You see his offensive line still intact. They were able to do something with Saquon. They now, they re-up, they resigned J Brown, they resigned. Devonte Smith be good for a while. He's not, he understand he's not bigger than the program. You know what I'm saying? He understands that yes, we're successful and I may be the person that everybody focuses on because of the position I play, but anybody that understands this game know I get nowhere if we don't keep this o line intact.


Correct. And the real money is in repetition rep being competitive repetitiously. Right. Being a contender organization year after year after year, year after year. And the only way to do that is to keep people. And You know, we've seen it, we've seen it done. We've seen, You know, in the Patriots that was part of the structure. Tom was like, Nope. You know, don't gimme all that money. I need this man. I need that guy and I need those people here. You know what I'm saying? Because Jalen understands as the faith of the organization, as the quarterback of the organization, I can get that money. We can go get that money through sponsorship deals and sneaker deals and all that stuff. We can get. We not the, the, the face of a Super Bowl award-winning team is not hurting for money.


Nope. He's not hurting for opportunities for money. He's seen what that check was before that chip for everything and what that check is now post chip. So if we want more money, we got to win more chip. If I want to win, have more money and be a bigger force in this game, I've got to win more championships. And in order to do that, there are certain pieces that have to read remain. Yep. And if and if I gotta take $20 million off of here to get 50 added later down there, let's run with it. Yep. I'm with that all day. That's the only way. And the NFL is is great at that because the NFL knows like, You know what? To generate new revenue, we've gotta have new eyeballs.


So we got to go, we've got to find like, Hey, I've got to be a part of this. So Jalen says, You know what, Hey, I win another championship. You people gonna say advertising sponsor gonna say, man, I need a piece of him. I need him to represent my product. I need him to represent my brand. I need to attach my brand to Jalen Hertz. Absolutely. He understands it. And shout out to that brother too, because I believe he got married this weekend. He did. Congratulations. Found one early. I wish you would've called me. I would, I would've, I would've catered them burgers. I I'm right here in Houston. I could have catered them burgers for him because I think he from Houston, isn't he? Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. We are very proud of that. Brother found found one early when he didn't have a whole lot. Now he's got a lot. She's locked step with him.


I love that. Congratulations. Herz. Darren Waller says he decided to retire after the Giants made him play fullback against the bills. I sit down on the sideline after a drive where we ran it like three times. I'm like, what the bleep am I doing with my life? I'm out here playing fullback. I don't even want to do this ish anymore. Was that 'cause he was forced into that position? Yep. Now, now. And you're telling me no one else wanted him to play him at his natural position at that point? Or was he just, oh, oh, did that team and that situation frustrated him so much against the direction of the game that he just didn't wanna play anymore? That's what it seems like, because it's hard for me to believe that guy as talented as he was.


But I think it, it has more to do with that. He didn't, I don't think at that point in time, time he really loved the game anymore. So it's easy to step, it's easy to depart something when you don't love it. If you having a good, there are very few times bun, you leave something, whether it's a party, it's a concert, it's an event, it is church. If you're having a good time, you are more, you are less likely to leave. Now if you bored, you're like, man, whew. Man is here for the birds. If you in church, you throw that head up and bud, You know, you get that. You, you put that dig ass hand up and gone about the thing. I I'm I'ma i'ma say it like this, Shannon, you ever, you ever got ready to go somewhere that You know what's finna be the turn up and be like, all right, now look, we gonna go in here.


We gonna have one drink, gonna say, hi everybody. I wanna be outta here by midnight. Right? And then you look at your wife, it's two in the morning. It ain't happen. You just, you just ordered three more bottle. But You know what Bun, I've also been in a situation where I got dressed and I'm like, man, why am I going already know it's gonna be some bull jive and take my clothes right on the off. I don't go to award shows really anymore. Me and my wife went to one. We was clean. I went and bought me a BNI suit. Six racks. She had head to. He had that Brioni. You heard that? That he said Brioni? Yeah. I said I finna do that. I was like, this award I'm nominated. I I want to pop out. Come on baby. We go, we finna pop out, man. We had them tight ass shoes on and we ended up in line behind Mary j Blige on the red carpet.


Man, we took some big, we left and as a, as a couple. We haven't been to an award show yet since. Like, it it's just, it's too much man. It's too much. Yeah, I think, but, but I think the, the crux of this, I think he had kind of fallen outta love with the game of football and, and now I'm looking, but You know how sometimes you can look for a reason not to do something. Oh, You know what, that's it right there. So him playing fullback for three plays on one drive. Well, just enough. Well, just enough put it, You know, we, we used to, there was a time, and I wasn't proud of it. There was a time when UGK would tour and when you, when when you are a artist and you tour, you put together what's known as a rider and a rider is everything that you want ready for you when you arrive in the city.


When you arrive, it's typically, it's typically what you want for your dressing room. But it also extends into the sound equipment. What kind of board we sending the sound through, what kind of speakers, You know what I'm saying? What does all of this look like? And there was a time where we had an airtight rider and Chad's whole thing was, every now and then we book a show where he knew they weren't gonna have everything on the rider. And it's a deal breaker. Like if contractually, if I go to your city, you book me for a show and I say I need A through Z on there and you forget h, l and WI cannot perform and still get paid. Yes, you're absolutely right. So there was a, so there was a time where people was like, oh man, I know they ain't gonna have it tonight.


I know they not going to have this, this and that. They, they don't even know how to find that type of equipment. So I know they're not going to have this tonight. And I try to get with the so man and I tell 'em, bro, you gotta spend a little bit more money 'cause you don't spend a little bit more money bro. You gonna lose a lot of money. 'cause you got, you got people that, like you say, they looking for an excuse to go home. And, but lemme ask you this, like why would a football player, and I'm sure it's gotta be several things, why would, if, if that wasn't enough to really be, to make a man want to quit the game, what would it be that would have frustrated Darren Wallace to not want to play? This is the guy that I used to draft on my fantasy football team all the time. The man was bound to do numbers.


He was a good player. Is it not being paid properly? Do you feel you not being paid properly? No. He was, he one of the highest paid players. But bunch, think about it, right When he was motivated, because he had some off the field issues, he did everything he sacrificed got his life in order to get back into the league because he had a desire to get in the league at that point in time, he no longer had a desire to stay in the league. And like you said, if I'm looking for a re I can, I promise you, if I'm looking for a reason not to go somewhere, not to do something, I can find one you very, that's very true. That's very true. And he found for one reason it was that I'm Paw I'm looking for a reason to stay on this sofa in my drawings and watch tv.


Noah Lyes has canceled his race against Tyreek Hill in Times Square due to personal reasons. Cheetah ran ten one five hundred meters last week and trolled lives with a response response to Noah. Tyree could never signed after he ran the 60 meters in February. Noah could never, I don't understand this Noah laws situation of protesting so much in public. Dos do protest too much. I don't, I don't get it. I I don't get it. I guess be I, You know what, I've never, it's got to be some new shit with the internet age.


I've never seen Olympic champions like compare themselves to basketball players and, and all of that. Right. It it is no less prestigious. Let's be very clear because, You know, but we only see you once every four years, bro. Like, it's not the, some of the best basketball players that ever played this game never got a shoot. Yes. They never got a shoot. Yes. They never, they never were picked out as one of the people that we want to put on a pedestal and parade through the press and all of this as a representative of that, even if you were that, look at the person that's been the biggest, highest level of representation in the space that you're in. Even when they got a shoe, it, it was because of culture more than anything.


When you say Bolt got his shoe, it wasn't just because he was the fastest man in the world. Right? It was a cultural thing. He carried his country on his back. Yes. You know what I'm saying? He was a larger than life personality. Correct. And he was winning by seconds. Right? Like not these hype point 800. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There was no photo finish. No, no, not at all. He, he clearly dominated. Shaka clearly dominated, You know what I'm saying? Those people that get those shoes with, they're not question marks. And if you went around and asked people, who's the fastest man in the world? A lot of 'em would probably still Think you saying boat. Of course. Course. Because they're not tied into that. They would all, they're gonna, if you ask, if you're not, first of all, you not even the face of track field, bro.


No. Like, no. Let's Sydnee McLaughlin, let's start there. Well, Sidney McLaughlin, LeBron, right? So, so if you not even that dude in your space, why are you comparing yourself to people who are certified? That dude in this face kept bro calm down. Where the last time you saw somebody with track spikes at the mall, I ain't seen nobody. I don't see him at the track. I see old people at the track. It's not America's past. No, it's not you way down there. You passed. It's a behind na nascar you behind nascar, first of all is football and basketball and baseball and NASCAR and women's soccer.


You way on down the list, bro. And it's a, it's, it's, it's something look more now and you see what they've done is that they have the Olympics every four years and now they having the world championships. So people are following a little more. But bro, you, he's gotta stop this hating on basketball players and say, well they won't give me this. I mean, if you gotta go back, really only two guys I can think of that's ever really had a shoe and you really had to follow track and field to know that's Michael Johnson and Usain Bolt. But you're talking about two of the greatest Olympians in the history of in track and field. These were peak mic Michael Johnson was an anomaly in track and field. Yes. Like it wasn't even a question.


Like that was one of the surest bets in sports for years, bro. Yes. Years. He was, he literally brought that sport to the forefront of America. Ooh. 'cause of how dominant he was. You're not that guy in track and field, bro. Like track and field. Let, I just wanna be clear, no disrespect to track and field athletes. That ain't never been the pre the premadonna of sports. That's never been the pre Jesse Owens had to do in this country. Jesse Owens had to come back. He won, he won three gold medals. He came back and had to run raise horses. But so this this fascination because there's so many other things. You got baseball, you got football, you got basketball in Jamaica.


What other, I I'm trying to think. Jamaica, you got track and field track. Track and field and I think soccer. Soccer, that's the big, that's the biggest thing. You know, you got in Jamaica, they don't play football. They don't play, they don't do tennis. Cricket, cricket. Yeah. Okay, okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's the big thing. But I'm, but I'm, it's cricket. But I'm, but I'm saying though, but You know, Noah is, is in a, he's in a niche sport. I don't understand, I don't understand why he feels now all of a sudden that a track field star is on the same level. Like it's no disrespect to the athleticism. Right? We, we can't disrespect the athleticism No. Of any of these Olympic athletes.


We always, we all understand what it takes to become who that brother has become. Yes. But your beef ain't with athletes, bro. Your beef is with Confederation. Nobody's, nobody's going to invest in a shoe that people are going to buy. Why? They they buy track shoes. One, because track shoes are only meant to be worn on court. And the track shoe is only makes you faster on the track. The track court. Yes. If that's the only place it applies. So a basketball player, yes, they will get shoes because people will buy their shoes, put them on and go fucking play basketball. And guess what else they'll do? They'll walk, they'll walk in the street, you'll see 'em in the mall. They'll go to events in shoes.


In tennis. Tennis shoes. Shoes are just not for basketball. Shoes are just their fashion statement. Now. You see guys at, at, at, at, at, at red carpet events. You see guys at the war show. You see guys wearing sneakers. So yeah, that's the the new thing is is tennis and Tucks. Tennis and Tucks. Yes. That's the new thing. But now he, he, he, but he started this long ago though, bud. I and I didn't like it. Talking about he's a world champion of what the USA bro. Come on man. I think he trolling us, bro. I think, I think he trolling us. I think he trolling us. 'cause he can't possibly believe that this is something that people are, that there's a popular opinion that you're right. That, yeah, You know what?


He shouldn't be this. No, no, I don't believe that. I believe other track people say, shut up, boy, you finna fuck this up everybody else e Exactly. E exactly. And that bro, you're not ussein because us saying Ussein was universally loved everywhere in China, in Jamaica, in America. It didn't matter what you saying because he was a winner. He was a winner. And not, like you say, not just Photo Finn, Kentucky Derby shit. This man was, was, he was transcended. We're gonna be talking about Usain Bolt 50 years from now, we're gonna argue about he how much faster he could have run in certain races because he slowed down at I go to my grave believing had he not celebrated the last 10, 12 meters at Beijing when he turned sideways and he's pounding his chest here, it's, he runs faster than 9, 5, 8.


I believe that. Absolutely. I don't think he, I don't think he felt the need to run faster. He was so, had no competition. He was daylights ahead of people and still nobody's ever run faster than he ran. And he celebrated the last 10 meters. Crazy, crazy. Noah, go sit down bro. Sit down bro. You ain't time out my ain time out. Yeah, you, you be, Hey, you effing it up for everybody else. Hey, hey Sidney McLaughlin and Laur said, I don't feel that way. Right? Benjamin said, I don't feel that way. Icy Hall. I like where I'm at with this right now. Well, if that's the Hold on. If that's the case, hell, Michael Phelp should have got a shoot. Simone Bowers should get a shoot if we, if we throwing our shoes.


This is true. Because they're more accomplished than you in their sports. I, so I'm just trying. So they're Olympic champions. They and more accomplished than you Dana, get a two time Olympic champ. She's the world record holder. She's the, what, a two or three time. I mean, she, she skipped the last world championship. She's a two or three time world champion. She's the most dominant 400 meter hurdle. She might be one of the most versatile women in track and field history. Noah, you've never, you have more in the gold medal in your signature Event. Event. And see, and what Michael did, what really put Michael on the map is when the Olympics was in where Atlanta, he had the gold shoes on, he doubled the 400 and the 200 it never been done.


And men, the women, Valerie Briscoe Hooks did it in 84. People don't realize she was the first to do it. And did Jose, Jose Marie pert, she did it. The French one, she doubled up the two and the four. No bro, bro, you fighting a losing battle, bro. He, he do, I think, I think troll people say, I think he's phenomenal. I think he's phenomenal. He's, he's, he's great. But bro, just run, get the meat money. The Adidas what they pay you, you break a record or you win the Diamond Leagues or you win the us Do you win the trial? Do you win the worlds, bro? But just go, just go all villain at this point, just go all villain.


Right? Well, everybody but with a mask. You got do Floyd Mayweather and be the, and be the the bad guy and get, and try to get, and for people to pay to watch you lose that kind of a thing. But he about as well get a mask. I'm a really, I'ma come, I'ma come out there with, I'ma come out there with cowboy. I ain't gonna have my spike, so I'm gonna come out there with cow. I'ma come out there with a cowboy boots and black leather trench coat. I'm gonna have a toy gun on my side. I if you say gonna go villain, just go all out. Tell him go race our show speed. Then I talk, oh, you want to race speed? I, I don't know. But I, if you wanna race somebody you wanna pull out fast, he is, that's go go, go beat speed right now.


But you do realize that if he were to race speed of tyreek, it'll get more views than if he what he won in the, in the wor in the world championships. Without question, more people would care. And that's the problem. Like we couldn't, don't, 'cause track and field is a really, we care about what the, we care about the Olympics. That's every four years. Just imagine. And you can't, and even when they have Diamond League meets, you can't watch 'em unless you go on the inter unless you go on your computer. Right. And pull them up at Flo Track. Shout out to Flo Track for trying to advertise, trying to show showcase. But bro, I be, I'm just, I'm just keeping a stack with you. We wouldn't even be talking about this man if he wasn't trolling this. Like, I think this is all a troll to get his his get his name in a national conversation one way or another.


Some people, some people don't know the difference between famous and infamous Jack Shannon. They don't know the difference. Sometimes they, they say any, any news is good news.


Bettering your business takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Rero. And every week we sit down with some of the biggest names in entertainment. We talk about the real stuff, the struggles, the doubts, and the breakthroughs that made them who they are. We go deep from childhood trauma, family overcoming loss, and the moments that shaped their journey. These honest conversations are meant to take the cape off our heroes with the hope that their humanity inspires you to become a better you and therefore set you free to live the life of your dreams. Here's a sneak peek. I'm trained to go compete. I'm trained to be like, go harder. But sometimes that mentality stops you from stopping and smelling the flowers in your own gardens. Is it Wrong to want More? We migrated our family. Migrated here. I'm like second generation. Listen to you versus you as part of Michael two Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Any Pusha T New Mu and New Pusha T Music. Hey, Pusha T hasn't released music since 2018 and he has people constantly wondering who may get this And this time is Travis Scott, the latest target on his new clip. Single. So be It Pushy was upset at Travis previewed his album Utopia to Pharrell in Paris with clips in attendance, but didn't play Drake's verse on Meltdown. A song that Drake taunts, Pharrell and pushy bun. I don't know if you've been a part of any beats i i beef. I Think you have been a little part of little something a little. So so, so yeah, a little something something where, where, where, where are you on, where are you on pusher Push is a dangerous man.


I had a conversation about Pusha many years ago with a, a very good friend and mentored mine, Clark Ken. Okay. And Clark. Ken was DJ Clark. Kent was DJ Clark. Ken Clark Kent told me this was in the beginning of the Pusha and Drake beef. And I was like, this is gonna be interesting. He said, yeah, but not like people think it's gonna be interesting because this dude operates in a space where he really don't have nothing to lose. And I, that's a dangerous man. I didn't really understand it at the time and it took me a while to, to really grasp what he meant when he said it because I don't typically get in these things. Right. But I, I understand confront how confrontation works and you do not get, you try to avoid at all cause a man with nothing to lose.


Correct. As entertainers, we're mostly beholden to the public. Most of us make more money on touring, selling merchandise and those type of things. And in order to really capitalize off of that, you have to be in with, with high standing and high favor. Yeah. You gotta be lying with the public. A a rich, a rich dude that, that a man that makes his money outside of music doesn't have to worry about that in that way. Push fatigue is not beholden to the public in the way that a lot of the rest of us aren't. He operates in a space where regardless of whether his albums go platinum or double platinum like that, he's going to eat very well.


Long as Pharrell eating, he going eat. So that's not a threat. They don't do friends anyway. So rubbing people the wrong way is not a problem. They're prepared to not be in favor. That's a dangerous man. That's a dangerous man. Now I'm not saying that's a man that's gonna automatically beat you, but that when you go up against somebody that ain't got nothing to lose in this situation, I'm not gonna lose no money. I'm not gonna lose no social standing. I'm gonna keep being who I was. I'm not gonna lose a meal. My family not gonna lose the quality of life. You be very careful when you decide to go toe to toe with somebody like that. You be very careful because most of us do have things to ly most of us do need public favor in order to make money of it.


Most of us do need relationships and friends and not to burn bridges with people in order to sustain certain qualities of life. I don't think that brother operate like that. And when somebody, and there's a freedom that comes in writing when you don't, lemme tell you something. There's a difference when you make music because you have to as opposed 'cause you want to Mm. There's a difference. There's a freedom that comes with that. There's a confident that comes with that because you're not thinking, Ooh, what if so and so what if then what if these people, what if it don't get no plate? What if Pitchfork don't put me on the list and all of this type of stuff. What if Apple don't put me on the playlist or I don't get on the Spotify playlist or all of these things.


Some people don't that that's not contingent on them eating at night for most of us. It's absolutely a part of it. It's an unavoidable part of it, but I don't think he operating in that space. So I think he is willing to just throw car to the wind and be like, You know what, I don't really fuck with him anyway. And they not lose, they don't push is not, you don't see Pusha T award show? Nope. You don't see 'em at clubs and parties. They don't mix like that. They mix with they own and they pretty good on the streets as well. So it's, it's whatever. That being said, Travis ain't about to back down. Travis ain't about to back down. So you think traffic coming back, traffic gonna come back with a burst on his own?


I wouldn't be surprised if you hear something before the, before the weekend. No, it's either, it's either go into it or act like it didn't happen. But the problem is, is that the people are going to demand a response when these things happen. You have to respond. You can. The co you can't, you can't let, you can't, you can't lie. I'm gonna be the biggest man. I'm gonna let it, I'm just gonna let it go. Bli a like a ward off a duck's back, I'm gonna just go let it roll down. And not that that ain't been a part of your character all this time, You know what I'm saying? You can't be, you can't be walking around with gloves on waiting for somebody to tie him up and then turn down the first fight you get. Wow. You know what I'm saying? So I and and I, I've been around Travis enough to know that no, he's not finna take that line down.


He's absolutely not going to allow his public perception to be played with like that. But you gotta be careful when people, people try to bait you in. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You gotta be very careful. This pusher, pusher is a, is is a dis artist. We got, he got, he got one of the best dis You know, him, he win at Drake. It takes, he operates in his face. He, this is not new to him. This is not a problem for him. And he don't answer to people in that way. Not saying that Travis answer to people, but Travis got a fan base that's huge, like international, millions and millions of people around the world who have bought into Travis Scott. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's why he got the collab with sneaker Nike.


And he, You know, he is got the relationship with, with Louis Vuitton as well with Adidas, all these kind of things. Ette. Yeah, absolutely. So there, this, this is going to happen and th it's not going, look, we've only heard two songs and he this somebody on both songs. It's not over. I don't, I think there's a couple of more targets. Damn. I think that, I think there, so we roll more target. There's no, there's no telling who push or don't like for whatever reason. And there's no telling if he's gonna decide to speak on him. You know what I'm saying? He's not, he's not a, not a quiet guy. He's not a quiet guy. He is not a scary guy. Not easily pushed, pushed around.


You know what I'm saying? No pun intended. So it's, it's gonna be interesting to watch how this play out. It really, it really is because traffic is either gonna have to ignore it or go all in. Wow. That's, that's the only way these things work because I don't, I don't, Butch is a guy. I said what I said and I'm done kind of a thing, right? So if there's more slugs to be shot, it's gonna be at more rappers. It won't be multiple shots at one or two people. If he go, if he jumping off, so he off the porch, if he jumping off the porch, he's going to jump all the way off the porch. Not two steps down. He gonna be as fresh. He ain't looking to get off and get back home. He gonna stay off the porch. He off he off. But I like this stuff man.


It keeps, it keeps raps fun. It keeps it fresh and it reminds people to not get comfortable. That's the one thing I like about rap as long wax. That's fine, that's fine. And I, I don't think these guys move in the same social circles to where their camps would ever really kind of be what people are aware of these things, right? So they try to avoid each other. Well it's not even them promoters, the smart promoters will try to avoid that. Most people's teams won't allow them to be booked in the same place anyway because you'd have to be a messy promoter to try to book, You know, like Drake and Kendrick at the same festival, Drake's people not, 'cause only one can Oak can close. Right? And both of 'em feel they, they, they, they, they bring the house down and so, and so this promoter is not gonna get into that or they representation is not going to allow them to be pulled into that type of thing.


So it's gonna be interesting to see how many people he dis on his album. And how do those were people respond because rap demands a response now because like I talked about the equipment, You know, music equipment and all that stuff is so much cheaper. The technology is cheaper. So you ain't gotta wait and book no studio. Most of these dudes are multimillionaire. They got a studio at the crib. Yep. We can go in and make some, make something about this right now. But do you think hold it back, do you think we're gonna see more of this because of the success that Kendrick had with his shot that he took at Drake? And you look at what it parlayed into. He got the Super Bowl. He got what, five Grammys? He, he's, oh, he's selling out the most, I think he $14 million in one show.


All of his shows with Scissor is selling out. Are we are, are we heading down a path where people see that this is a way that, okay, we saw what Kendrick did, let's take this role too. You gotta bring ass to kick ass. So I, I would not recommend people think that that's how that goes. That you did somebody and jump out there. No, no, no. That's not how that works. First of all, you got to be more talented than other person. You know what I'm saying? Kendrick is one of the most single talented, single most talented writers. We have one of the deepest thinkers that we have. So going up against everybody ain't gonna be your forte. You know what I'm saying?


Everybody ain't built to be dissed. I don't know if people understand that everybody's not built for public humiliation. You know what I'm saying? Right. Like some people will overthink those things and I don't, I've never fought everybody that I knew I could beat up. You get no satisfaction outta that. I I don't get no points. I don't get no credit. You know what I'm saying? It's a weaker person. So punching down's not gonna work and everybody can't punch up. So somebody's gotta lose. So again, it all goes back to, yeah, you can engage in this stuff and it'll be fun and you'll get some streams or whatever, but somebody gonna lose.


And can you afford to lose in those spaces? I feel like pushy can, I don't think being popular changes anything for him. You know what I'm saying? He's always been a unique taste. Like he's made street music and they've had commercial success, but they've never toured in that way. Right. They've never, they don't, they aren't dependent on the other parts of the machine that everyone else is solely dependent on. Because we don't have somebody like Pharrell who's, You know, always gonna produce everything we do. So we know we getting a hit record, right? Who's always going to have his hands into some major cultural happenings, You know what I'm saying? So we'll always be a part of it.


It's always doing these huge deals. So we'll always be in this position of financial benefit working with him. So all this other shit ain't nothing. We just having fun. I believe this is very, very fun for pushy because there's no threat to anything. Right? Complex listed the 30th, 30 corniest rap beefs of all time. You see that list? We gonna put list right there. So you I have not seen this list. Please put this list up. We can, okay, I'm gonna name a couple of 'em. Coolo and Weird Al True Life and Jim Jones, Nelly and Chingy Bad, Harvey, Alabama, Barker Six nine and Triple Red. Nicki Minaj and Ransom Ke versus Lil Kim, Nicki Minaj, et cetera.


Gu of the Kid versus Lil Wayne. Joe Button versus Drake. Jermaine Dupre versus Dr. Dre and Timberland Tiger versus Drake Luda versus Big Sean and Drake Soldier Boy versus Bow Wild j Cole versus cannabis. Joy Badass versus little b Charles Hamilton versus Soulja Boy Young LA versus Alley Boy. Eminem, Nick Cannon pm Don, KRS one, Terry Kennedy, Lupe Fiasco, Carmen Drake, MC, hammer, Drake, Jay-Z, little Kim Nicki Minaj, KRS one, Nelly Kimberland, Scott Starch Ice t Soulja Boy, the game Jay-Z.


About three or four of them been Soja boy you, you thinking the same thing? Say he, he hit it with somebody all the time. You know, there was a lot of resentment for him just on general principle people that, that he hadn't sacrificed or worked hard enough to get what he had gotten. You know, he had the first his work, but You know, he had the first iPhone. Right? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. He had the first everything. He had the first microphone too. You know, that he probably, he'll tell you he had the first trip B Now the only one of those that weren't corny, the only one of those outta all those you named, that was actually a situation which that it didn't have anything. The music was a true life. Jim Jones type of situation. Wow. Okay. That was something that was, was not music.


That was something that spilled into music from some street things going on. So that one was actually, that wasn't corny enough. People could have barely gotten hurt with that. Yes. In that situation. But the rest of the stuff, folks, people would argue whether or not those, some of those people are even considered legitimate rappers. Like, yes, I weird, I weird Al come on bro. Why, why are we even coolio and weird out recipes? Coolio, first of all to the og. Yep. But yeah, we're rapping weird. Al don't even go together in the sense Bad Barbie, bad bad Barbie and Alabama Barker. Really? That's what we doing. I I I think really even considered like, and and I've known Alabama since she was a a little girl. I've had a relationship with with Travis for many, many years now.


I just don't, they just playing on the internet, bro. They're not, these people are not rappers. They make rap music. And that's the problem. Like, we live in an age now where people make rap music who aren't rappers, but they have a following. You know what I'm saying? Okay. You have a lot of streamers, right? Yeah. These guys stream for, You know, their content is fairly long. So a lot of 'em, they're streaming for hours and they can only get, You know, that one person, that one view during that stream. But if they make a song and the song's only three minutes long, as opposed to a one hour stream, they could get replays on that stream.


Right? So you have guys, like, I met the guy Rice Gum, he's from, he's with the phase clan and all those guys, the streamers, right? He's one of the top streamers in the world. And he made a record just because he could and it got like 8 million views in like no time because he's already got the audience. He already got a following. Yep. So views don't, views don't, don't mean views don't equal talent. And I'm not saying that rights didn't have any talent. 'cause Floyd treater, he was, he was a decent enough rapper, whatever. But that don't mean talent and that shit don't translate in the real world. You have a lot of people, they get a lot of attention online, they get a lot of streams and all of that, but they couldn't book a show to save they life. 'cause nobody really wants to see an extended version of that in, in the world.


Like, I ain't got time to really go. I'll watch it, but I ain't gonna pay no money to go watch it. Right. Right. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? So a lot of these people, they, they just trying, they playing that rap, You know what I'm saying? Now, You know, the j Coles, the Commons and all of those people are right. A lot of that stuff is just misunderstanding. You know what I'm saying? A lot of those were just really misunderstandings and people like, like I, I don't like why this guy is here and they don't really even know these people. You know, third base mc, ham and all of that type of stuff. Where, to be honest, no beef with ham was corned because ham was really about the streets. Ham was really outside, but it, but people think they could shoot at low hanging fruit. That's everything you talking about.


One of those people thought they was really rapping and they thought the other person really wasn't even going to be able to hang in, in, in the competition. But this, we live in the internet age now. This, this thing has very little to do with the music. It's always about the content and going live and talking shit on people and calling people out their name and pulling up and yeah man, we would pull up on O Block and we done pulled up over here and ain't nobody outside where y'all at? We out here and all of that. It goes beyond the music. The music gonna be one video post, but the beef gonna be 25 because we are not buying any, we not just buying music no more sha and I don't think people realize that we're not buying music, we buying any personality. We're buying the person.


Yep. You know what I'm saying? The music is cool, but as far as the average consumer feels, everybody can rap. Everybody can make some My doorman, the boy at the, at the larger back can, they can make a rhyme. The guy that, that, that, that, that brought my dinner to me at the restaurant. He can run, they can all rap, but who are you as a person? Mm. You know what I'm saying? People can't just like, they wanna feel they're part of you. They wanna feel like they really know you. They want to go on and walk with you. I tell all up and coming artists, film everything, put every shoot, everything, You know, and shoot it all. 'cause you don't know what part of your life people gonna actually connect to. I was doing music for years. I, I I put a post and all of that and I get a reasonable response. But we started doing fool videos a couple of years ago when my granddaughter, me and my wife, my granddaughter started doing fool videos.


I started a YouTube page. I got 137,000 followers on my YouTube page because I was doing like 62nd Instagram videos. I, and, and that started the blog, which started trail burgers. I had no idea people were interested in what I was eating for dinner. Right. You know what I'm saying? So you share all of these things and you find out what clits You know what I'm saying? You've got a bigger relationship with the public now as a, as a podcaster, as an interviewer than you probably ever had as an athlete ever. You know what I'm, and now that you real and now that you realize that gives you a stronger, deeper connection with people. Now we can really play with this if that's, that's what y'all wanted from me was to talk.


Y'all must not know how much I like to talk anyway. So let's get, let's get to it. Let's get to it.


Welcome to the U Versus You podcast. I'm Lex Burro and every week we sit down with some of the biggest names in entertainment to talk about the real stuff, the struggles, the doubts, and the breakthroughs that made them who they are. We go deep from childhood trauma, family overcoming loss, and the moments that shaped their journey. These honest conversations are meant to take the cape off our heroes with the hope that their humanity inspires you to become a better you and therefore set you free to live the life of your dreams. Here's a sneak peek. I'm trained to go compete. I'm trained to be like, go harder. But sometimes that mentality stops you from stopping and smelling the flowers in your own garden. Is it wrong To want more? We migrated our family. Migrated here. I'm like second generation. Listen to you versus you as part of Michael Tu podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Timbaland got blasted on social media for using a producer's beat and a producer's tag to train his AI platform. Suno Tim previewed a demo record which utilized the beat tag from Kresh and lyrics from TikTok creator. He sought to make a new version of the song, but users quickly noticed they were a bit too similar. They called out the Virginia producer using real music made by human beings to train AI without crediting or paying them bun. And I remember, I, I remember having a conversation with Tim 'cause I had him on the pod and he said he was nervous about this bun. Do you think about the controversy? What do, what do you think's going on with Tim and this new AI creation?


I think, I think for one it's uncharted territory and I think it's still in the very early stages of, of, of the technology. I think it's going to grow over leaps and bounds over the next couple of years because they covered so much ground in the last 10 years with ai. Yep. Technology, You know what I'm saying? AI companies are starting to pop up more and more and they're all billion dollar companies. People are flooding these companies with all kinds of money. I think it's, I think this is a problem. I think that we are not thinking about this, what they're doing now. All the only way that AI can do these things is if you feed it information, you got defeated it information. I know on a very small level, an introductory level, there are musicians who are feeding AI machines, their voices, their cadences, their tones, some of them the way they play instrumentation.


And now the AI program can replicate what a rhyme from you would sound like without you having to write it. Wow. What chords being played would sound like without you having to play it. You know what I'm saying? That's very dangerous. Here's the real danger though, Shannon. What I believe we live in a digital world, right? Yes. All these, everything digital has what they call watermarks. Yep. Right? And watermarks are what they use to track the technology as it goes out into the world. So companies can be like, oh, that's what they doing. That's our technology. I bet you we can find it in the code. Right. That kind of a thing. I think everybody that's utilizing this stuff right now, I feel like one day chat GPT can wake up one day and say, everybody that's ever made music using my technology can only a piece of it.


And there's nothing you can say, I don't believe that anybody's read the agreement. Right. I'm sure if somebody got through these chat, GPT and all these different AI companies agreements, when you agree to utilize the technology or download the app and all of that, then I, I guarantee that they are going to go back, find out everything that was created using their technology that profited that will sit out into the world as commerce and people spent money on it, they gonna come back. Then same way that older artists are coming back because somebody sampled their music. Right. I've created that. You took my creation and manipulated it without paying me.


You owe me money. I believe these people are giving this technology out to people for free in the hopes that they utilize it unknowingly giving these companies a piece of this intellectual property. 'cause it's all intellectual property. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? So I think I I won't touch it, I won't download it or nothing because not that I'm against it, You know, for recreational use. I guess that's fine if it helps organize things or put things together, You know, however it that I understand. But when we're talking about utilizing this technology to manipulate intellectual properties, bro, we playing the dangerous ass game because somebody could just start feeding AI Timberland's beat structures.


You know what I'm saying? They could start utilizing his drum patterns and put that in and make a tremlin record without him, You know? Wow. And you're opening yourself up, quite frankly, with the way he's doing it to a whole lot of litigation and a whole lot of trouble. Personally, I I don't think America is the market for that. Japan, China's been doing it for years. Right. You know what I'm saying? But that's a cultural thing. There's, they're so, they socialize different in, in certain countries. So having a relationship with someone that, that, I know this shit sound crazy, but having a relationship with a machine for some people fits their lifestyle a lot better.


Right. It doesn't work like, because they don't have, they don't have the social graces to go out and meet people and, and commune with people in that way. So this is a healthy, in their minds alternative. But here now at some point, we gonna wanna see somebody get on stage and sing this shit. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? And You know, it's the, it's the, it's the allure, right? It's the allure. Like Megan thee stallion is a famous person because men find her attractive, women find her attractive. You know what I'm saying? There's, there's an allure to it. Japan and China has that very strange relationship with technology in that way where they, they don't just make robots, they have relationships with robots and pillows and all of that type of shit.


It's different. I don't think that he can break a star like that because at some point somebody gotta get on the stage, somebody gotta sign an autograph, somebody gotta take a picture, You know? And I don't think we wanna see a robot and a computer do that to the point of touring right. Today. But you, You know, you never know. 10 years now might be different. Look, I'm an analog dude. I come up on eight tracks and, and putting 40 fives on the record, playing all that stuff five year now I, I I, I'm not knocking it, but I, I think we don't understand it enough to utilize it in the way that we try to utilize it. I think that's the real problem with Tim. I don't think he's really thinking of the cons.


Everybody uses AI for what they think they can make it work for, but nobody's thinking about how this could set back. And Timon is such a major impactful player in the entertainment industry that, that shit could really, people would follow suit if he became successful. If he and his artist become successful, this will be a thing. It'll be a whole thing. Will Smith is reflecting on raising Jayden and Willow and reveal that honesty isn't always the best when parenting your children. We made a very, very, very, very terrible mistake with our children. And we want, we went radical honesty, but don't do it. I'm not advocating for it.


I'm not advocating for it. We made a deal for a really young, with our kids, the deal was you tell the truth, you won't get in trouble. He explained that the parroting style backfired with the two youngest kids. The only way you can get in trouble in this house, that if we find out you did something and you didn't tell the truth, it was a mistake. It was terrible because they do whatever they want and then they come tell you it's awful. Don't try it. You want your kids to lie. Definitely. You don't, don't do don't want to know stuff. Your kids are out thinking of doing fun. You got kids, you got grandkids. And a lot of times, You know, the thing is, if you're not careful bun, you kind of raise your kids kind of the way you was raised because that's what You know, You know, you, you see the way you, You know, might yell and the least little thing might set you off.


But you gotta, You know, especially if You know you got, you gotta try to break that cycle. He said that if you tell us the truth, you won't get in trouble. Bull jive that I, I don't, I don't know how they kept that up, bro, to, to be honest, because yeah, your parents will say that, but you, when you really start telling what you really do, we gonna have some problems in this house. Oh yeah. You know, and I don't understand this idea of being raised a certain way, constantly telling people that the way you was raised, made you how you were, and then you refuse to instill any of that into your children.


Correct. I don't understand these people that, for example, the coaches that I'm, I'm when I was in school, the coaches was built a certain way. Absolutely. Coaches were built a certain way and the players, they, they didn't like running, they didn't like the drill. They ain't like none of that stuff. And those are the coaches now. You know what I'm saying? So we're getting a lesser version of what we had. I don't understand why people whose life trajectory was determined based on the fact of the discipline that was inserted into their life and and to deny their children that same discipline. We the only generation, Shannon, we are the only generation that ain't sacrifice quality of life.


Our, you, we won't judge. We want our kids in Georgia and we won't drugs. We want our kids a nice boat and we want nice boat. My old man didn't even, I remember that man ain't use lotion bro. Like, his life was not about modern convenience for him. It was about convenience for the family. Correct. But, but when you don't have to struggle like that, it's different. The, the house my kids grew in is different from the house that my grandkids visit. Right. Like absolutely. Yes. We had to work up to this house, but they were born into this house. Correct. You know what I'm saying? So they just think that's how it's supposed to go.


Somebody like Will Smith. And then I know for a fact Will Smith came up hard in Philly. I know for a fact Jada Pickett came up hard in the back. Right. And I know they are strong willed as they are because of the discipline that was instilled because they could have very easily been taken away by the community that they lived in. Right. We understand those things. That still exists in rich neighborhoods too. 'cause it's bad rich kids too. You know what I'm saying? Those kids tend to get away with more 'cause the parents can get 'em outta most shit. So the idea of letting your children live a free life? No. Hell no. As long as they tell you the truth. I, this shit, I still can't admit to my mama Id.


Oh no. I might still get popped upside by head. Nah. And there's things that my mama told me she knew that I didn't even know she knew I did. You know what I'm saying? So saying Think you just take to your grave bun. I just, I just don't my, I have a nephew, I won't get too deep into it, but I have a nephew and his daddy was a certain way when he was young. His daddy was a very, very well known person in the city. And his mama tried every, he tried everything to not let him know who his daddy, how his daddy really, really got down man. Once that boy found that out, like she thought he was old enough to, to deal with the reality of that trouble went out there trying to be like his dad, trying to live up to a life that was never meant for him.


That he was never a part of, to never say just to see if it was ending. He end up in the penitentiary, he end up in jail and all this stuff. Now in retrospect, you realize you chasing out to something you should. Yeah. That's not you. That was his life. That's not yours. Right. Right. And that, but You know what Bond, that's how you have to be. And I told my kids, I don't, You know, I live my life. I say playing in the NFL was my dream. That's not yours. You live your dream. Yes. So when you try to, when you start trying to live somebody else's dream, that's where you run into problems. I didn't push my, well man, I got a son, bro. You ain't gonna play football, you ain't gonna play basketball. You're not gonna do X, Y, and Z. But that's not his dream. That was mine. I want you to be whatever you choose to be, I just want you to be, be the best you can at it.


I'd rather you be a good you than a bad knee. Yeah. Abso, there it is. That's it. I would much rather you be a, the best version of you than a bad version of me. Smith recently dropped an album, his first album in 20 years, his new song got killed online. But why do you think will refocused on music? Don't, because he don't, the first guy that people don't realize some do. But Will was the first artist to win a rap Grammy. Absolutely. Now Will's always been ahead of the curve. I think this is a new way of him re-engaging with the public. We, You know, we'll, we'll jumped on social media with a splash. Yeah. Because no one that had ever been that famous in that world had ever opened up their life like that.


Right. Right. And it started with his, his Instagram page Will was going all over the world, all over the world, all this crazy shit on Instagram. And, and we were drawn to it at the same time. Red Table talk, we get to look, You know, pull the curtains back on the wizard and see this very have to see these people have this very vulnerable conversation. You know what I'm saying? I think we'll just, I think this is a lot easier for him to do right now. I don't think movies is a big thing for him right now. I think this is just a different way for him to engage with people. And I can understand that because you see a lot of other actors doing a lot of that stuff now, trying to go out Tom Cruise, going at, You know, all the movie theaters and hanging out with the people and stuff like that.


You know. But with, I think when will, you can't, you can't chase the drag. Like Will has all the resources that you need to, to release an album, to have impact internationally. But again, you gotta read the room. Just because you can do some things don't mean you should just, 'cause you can go somewhere. Don't mean you need to be there. Right. And, but Will Smith can do this and this don't really change nothing. Nobody's gonna stop seeing the movie because of Will Smith did an album that they didn't care for. Correct. Nobody's gonna, nobody gonna stop because they're two separate things. Absolutely. And we don't, we don't expect everybody to be great at everything they do.


I know. I don't, I expect everybody to be great at everything they do. I expect you to be good at what you don't want to be good at. You know, because I, You know, because I might like Will Smith the movie Star, but not like Will Smith the actor. I mean Rapper. Well some people may not even the rapper, some people may not even know who it is. Right. So let's let, you could look at it in two ways, right. You could look at it, the hip hop, the the hip hop fans who may not be all the way with him in the movies. Correct. Because some of his movies might be different. Right. And you may have some movie fans that may not be all the way in on the music. Right. Like I said, I got people that come and eat the burger that don't even know who Bum Beta rapper is. So you may have a lot of Will Smith fans, particularly internationally who some of them may not know, although he's so tied in with the Fresh Prince and the TV show and everybody knows that song.


Right. Right. But I don't think there's, I I don't think there's a high level of expectation. I don't think anybody expects more out of his record than he does. You know how much, and I, and it could be, this could be marketing, right? This could be just a way to, 'cause if you notice everything he's doing is internationally. Right. The videos, the concerts, the performances, all the street shit. Everything he's doing to engage with people is internationally because I I I'm almost certain he's a bigger star internationally than he is here. So this is just probably, we love Will Smith. We grew up with Will Smith. We've been knowing him for years. We gonna go see Will Smith. I think because he's not doing a multitude of action movies and shit right now.


Like he normally do this just a way of keep keeping himself on people's minds. Like ho make albums now ho don't make an album to make, to make, to make money off of music. Ho uses it to keep his public profile at a high level to perpetuate other income revenue streams that he got coming in. How much you think is from the blowback because of what happened with him and Chris Rock? Do you think he's still suffering from that bunch? I wouldn't say suffering. Right. I, I think, I think the people that don't like him for that, don't like him for that. But there's people that are famous, like Will Smith will always have not just fans, they'll have psych offense. Right. So there's always going to be a contingency of people that want Will Smith's entertainment.


Right. They, they're going to want that. There's no way around it. He's a bigger force in that space than Chris Rock. And it's not like they get less Chris Rock because of what happened. They get pretty much the same amount of Chris Rock. So I don't think, I don't think it's pushback on that professionally now, personally, he may be going through something where he feels like he's got to reinvigorate the image, re go out there and re make himself likable and lovable again to people that could be happening. 'cause it can't be for money. Right. He can't be making his music for money. Right. So it's gotta be a way that he thinks he can better rebuild the relationship with people that may be looking at him a certain way. I don't think it's necessary, but he may think it's necessary because like we talked about LeBron, he's one of those people that like to be liked.


That's for God damn sure. That's the big thing about Will Smith. He always come in with that big smile. He is very engaging, very entertaining, very likable, very approachable, very personable. Those kind of people don't like it when they not, they're not, yeah. They don't, don't feel like they're being liked. I love that in the public fit. So it could just be for him because the career don't need it. But maybe internationally it might be some shit he gotta do because maybe that translated different over there when he did that shit.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Rero and every week we sit down with some of the biggest names in entertainment. We talk about the real stuff, the struggles, the doubts, and the breakthroughs that made them who they are. We go deep from childhood trauma, family overcoming loss, and the moments that shaped their journey. These honest conversations are meant to take the cape off our heroes with the hope that their humanity inspires you to become a better you and therefore set you free to live the life of your dreams. Here's a sneak peek. I'm trained to go compete. I'm trained to be like, go harder. But sometimes that mentality stops you from stopping and smelling the flowers in your own gardens. Is It wrong to want More? We migrated our family. Migrated here. I'm like second generation. Listen to you versus you as part of Michael Tu podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Mariah Carey still doesn't believe in birthdays or the passage of time. I just don't believe in time. I don't have a birthday. Anniversaries. Yes. The birthday. No, You gotta love Mariah. You gotta love Mariah Carey. I the more o the older I get and the more we start, start to know about Mariah Carey. 'cause she was very private for a long time. Yes. She was very private about a lot of things for, for a long time. I don't think we realize, and I'm gonna say this and I I I, I don't Think you realize how black Mariah Carey is. I think I, I I don't think we realize that's a real sister Right.


Compared to what the public perception might be. And I heard she's a fool too. Like she's a very funny, like very, very down to earth person. This is par for the course. I remember all the shit with J-Lo like, I don't know this person and all that. Mariah Carey's a whole fool. Like for real. Right? And for her to want to marry and make kids and do all of these things with Nick Cannon really tells me like you a fool. Like, like you is that your bud. You a I don't mean crazy. I mean like Yep. You like you got a real personality. Like you, you subject to say some wild shit. Right? That's who Carey that's why Mariah Carey don't do a lot in public. 'cause she knows, she prone it.


She say shit. Yes, absolutely. I I love it. 'cause she been consistent. She is who she is. She don't do shit for Ka she don't do shit for the cameras. She only come out where she comfortable. This whole thing with Anderson P is very interesting. I love this new song. She got a new single that's written and produced by Anderson Pak who's an amazing artist. And they also saying that, that they a couple now too. Right. You know what I'm saying? So those things are all always good for music when, when artists, You know, get in a relationship with somebody they can create together that that's always a good and fun thing. And she looked Happily, yes, she looks happy as as hell. She's always had this very awkward energy in public kind of a thing because I I feel like she knows she can't be herself.


Correct. The the image has been presented a certain way as to how Mariah Carey moved and don't get wrong, she's as class as she present herself. She's all of that. What? But soon as that, soon as the camera cut off, you can tell she who shit girl, what's up? Like yes. You know what I'm saying? Ready to release. So I'm happy for Mariah, Mariah not celebrating birthday. That's, that's that's very Mariah of her bun. Lemme know what you think. Jadakiss is still upset about not making the top five on complex top 50 New York list. If we were to do a top 50 Houston list bun is bun gonna be in the top 10?


There's an argument to that and I'm gonna tell you why, because technically I'm from Port Arthur. That's the way that I'm, I've been put in this lexicon. UGK typically is taken out of that conversation. Okay. For Houston Technic now Texas. Oh no, you gonna have hell trying to be better than this in Texas. Okay, we so we, since it's New York, we gonna make it, we gonna make it Texas then. No, you can't even have that conversation. You can't even have that conversation without me. And I'm not, I'm not, I'm not trying to toot my own horn, but there's a certain style of rapping that didn't even really exist in Houston before I started rapping a certain way.


Like being a, being a lyricist wasn't necessarily a requirement. You know what I'm saying? It wasn't necessarily something you had to do to be successful here because it wasn't a demand primarily. But I never felt like, I felt like I was already way past my competition yet. So I was competing with everybody, You know what I'm saying? So Yeah, there's no way you could, the only way you take me out of it is that it's like no, but we don't mean you, we don't mean like you and face or whatever. But if we talking about everybody top five from Texas, man, I gotta wash my mouth on this shot. I'm trying to really try to be cool about it.


I I, I honestly don't think there's five people from Houston that can rap better than me. That's from the state of Texas. That's better than me. I give you DOC and Scarface, I give you DOC and Scarface. That's it. That's it. Maybe three, two, maybe recipes. Three, two. But yeah, they got, yeah, I I I'm looking at this list. Yeah, they got, they they do got, they got Jada. Damn. They got Jada at 16. Yeah. No, they wrong for that. They, they very wrong for that. And look, I understand because you have to understand that some of the greatest rappers of all time came from New York new. Absolutely. I'm saying that's where I started. You know what I'm saying? So it's, I understand why they would want to honor other people before they honor Jada Kch.


You know what I'm saying? I get that. And, but all this shit is relative, right. Because in the early days wasn't nobody harder than ll there wasn't nobody Hundred than Rakim then Carol Red. You know, like these things are subjective. Yep. You know what I'm saying? But if somebody that lives in the modern times in New York City is raiding New York rappers and they don't put JD kids in the he's top 10. Right. For sure. I I can understand people wanting to argue about whether or not he's top five if you look at the whole scheme. But you gotta, again, you gotta put the Rakims and the big daddy canes and the G rap. You got Jay-Z, You know what I'm man, they got big daddy man, they got big daddy canes so far down, man.


The people don't realize how good Big Daddy Kae was. Big Daddy Kae was is still like that. Look man, we are, we, we sit in order Jordan, we argue Jordan and LeBron all over again. That, that, that's all this is. Different times speak to different, different sensitivities. You Right. You know what I'm saying? And that's how people draw these lists. I could understand them being upset, but at the same time it's all subjective. You know what I'm saying? And when you meet the people that typically make these lists, they aren't legitimate and ain't none of, ain't none of 'em ain't no, they not steep, they not steeped enough in the culture to really have these conversations with much less give any validity than that shit. I don't give these people no weight just because they say listen to a bunch of music shit.


I a bunch of, I listen to a bunch of RB too. I can't, I I ain't finish in act like I can sing or judge people who can't sing. I can't even hum. Shit. Alright bud, we better close it out on this. We got our final segment of the day. It's time for Q and a. Okay, there we go. Q and a baby Joe bomb's, aons, playbook bun, this one's for you. Bun B, when are we gonna get a kenrick UGK collab? That's a good question. I I've not been able to really have a relationship with Kendrick. That's for somebody that I literally have not bumped into of all the people in hip hop.


I've never bumped into him. But that's not surprising because Kendrick don't really socialize like that outside of, You know, his homeboys in LA and people that he records with. It's not somebody that you'll see at Roland Loud or, or Coachella or something like that. Or at somebody's release party or a, You know, a new Jordan release or something like that. Yeah. It just don't socialize like that. You know what I'm saying? So there's, there's no relationship to even extend the offer. I wouldn't even know how to, I don't have to email wouldn't go about, hey yeah, how to go, how to go by that. But got, he's an amazing rapper. I love, I I I always wanna rap with the best people. You know what I'm saying? So anybody that's considered one of the best, the, the, the, the studios always over hugs.


9 7 3 said Bun. Do you think they'll bring the comets back the NBA? No, but I don't Well they are the, the the now they are looking to bring A-W-N-B-A team back to Houston. I know they're thinking of that, but I don't know if they would call that team the comets. I'm not sure who owns that name in that way. I'm not sure if the Rockets ownership, if that's something that transfers from owner to owner or how that works, but Right. I mean I think it would be great for the city. I think the city would come all the way out. But you gotta understand if you decide to call A-W-N-D-A team, the comets, you got to have the best of the best on that team because y'all had, that's arguably the best legacy legacy ever in WNBA basketball.


Yeah. You had coop, you had Cheryl Swoops, you had Tina Thompson. Oh, y'all would load it. That's why you won four straight. That's never happened. Caroline was a hometown hero buster recipe. We, we, no, we had, we had that squad. It's never been as dominated team as that team. Ws four P, right? Yep. Four P. The first four crazy fans New Jersey said, let's bring in Mike Jones from Houston for his Houston opinion. Anyone got his number? Mike is going to come on in the very near future and guess what? Come back and we'll ask him. And his number ain't changed. He still got that number. Kim Norwood Jr. Said Unc and Bun B.


My question, how many Super Bowls would Peyton Manning have if he was quarterback for the Patriots and Tom Brady was the quarterback for the Cols? That's a good question because you've got to think of the drive that time came in with. Correct. There's a, there's a big difference between getting drafted here at the top and getting drafted at the bottom. Both of those put a fire under you but for different reasons. Correct. And also I think initially Peyton might have had a little bit more knowledge of the game, right. And naturally fell into that leadership quality.


Whereas I don't, You know, Tom was the leader of the locker room but never the leader of the team. Peyton had power in his early years. Tom gradually gained that power and knew how to utilize it a little bit different. And then he had Belichick too, right? Yeah. And that's a whole different type of discip that a whole different animal. Right. Peyton never had a coach like that that had that kind of control because Peyton really had the control. Peyton ran practice, Peyton ran the two minutes. Peyton ran everything. And so different responsibility that Brady was never, Brady never had, You know, know, like I know Shannon. Different responsibilities create different people. Absolutely. There's a big difference of what's expected from the big brother than the little brother.


Correct. You know what I'm saying? Yep. I absolutely know what you're saying. But we, I was far there, bro, you gotta come do this again. I enjoyed it. Look, you call me up anytime. I'll be I, I'll be the co-host per Permanente over here. Guys, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap with me, your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe and fill it in for Ocho who's having fun over there in Paris. Bun b bun. We can't thank you enough. I'm sure the chat really love that tonight guys give give Bun a hand. Hey come into the comments and let us know. 'cause he did an unbelievable job explaining everything. He didn't duck any, he didn't duck any questions. A lot of times guys come on here and they didn't wanna talk about this and don't wanna talk about that.


But Bun Duck, hey jumped on it with both feet so we can't thank you enough for that bun. Appreciate you. Come on Shannon man, I appreciate you. But don't forget my bottle and I send my box. Oh, we got that. We'll get your address. We gonna get it to you. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button and guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We can't thank you enough for your support and your continued support because thanks to you we're able to do what we do at Nightcap. So everybody here at the Nightcap family want to thank you for your support.


Please make sure you go check out Shaa by La Porter. A premium cognac will won many, many awards. Best tasting, premium cognac on the market. Don't take my word for it. Try for yourself. You will not be disappointed. Now if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to you before we come to a city or a state near you. Please drink responsible and stay safe.


Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Thank you for joining us again tonight. Thank you our, our guest host Bun B. We're back tomorrow. Joe and I are back tomorrow Game six. Oh boy, we're off tomorrow. We're off tomorrow. Finally. I get a day off. We'll see you Thursday, Joe and I see you Thursday and see if Andy can extend a series or will OKC get their first championship bond.


Again, a thank you. Thank you chat greatly appreciate everybody. Good night. God bless. We'll see you on Thursday Bond. Appreciate you. Thank you young man. Anytime brother. Anytime. Gotcha. The volume.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen To Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sarah Spain, host of Good Game with Sarah Spain and the co-author of the new book Runs in the Family, an incredible true story of football, fatherhood and belonging. Written with and about Las Vegas Raiders, running Backs, coach Die and McCullough. It's the story of a football coach and father of four who sees his life forever changed by the unsealing of his adoption records. And it's got a twist you won't believe based on the viral ESPN story I did a few years ago. This book will blow your mind and bring you to tears by runs in the family wherever books are sold. This is an iHeart podcast.