
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC. Terms and more@applecard.com.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com. Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite. Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You mix Homesteading with guns And church. Voila. You got straightaway He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game.


Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke, The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house.


Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Man, I done been a lot of locker room damn near my whole life. I mean what I played from peewee all the way to my end. My NFL show. I played 26 seasons. Yeah, same of organized football. Yeah. In a lot of locker rooms. And when you talking to a guy, y'all in the shower, you keep eye contact Always straight ahead. I I straight. Yeah. You ain't no you Never look left, you never look right. Same thing. No. Hey listen, it's called etiquette. It's called shower etiquette. Yeah. And it's called bathroom etiquette at the urinal. For one. You go into a bathroom. Even in public, even in the locker room, you always skip, you always skip funeral or you Yeah, you always gotta sit next to somebody. Ocho never And you always look forward if you hold a conversation you never look left or right.


Yeah, Never Ocho guys. I ain't gonna be rude. I, you know, I I, I'm, I'm trying to be level but bro, I'm not shaking your hand. We at the urinal. Don't you reach your damn hand across. They talking about what's up. Huh? Not shaking your hand. I'm in the bathroom the other day. Ocho get what The guy say. Oh let's get a selfie. I say not in here. Come on now. Y'all do. Come on bro. Y'all doing too much. Hey, in fact, Listen, I don't even, I only, Hey all I'm gonna do you give you a little head nod in the bathroom. I give you a head nod. Hey, we could have a conversation outside.


Yeah. We not finn to have no conversation. Yeah. A lot, a lot of people don't understand bathroom etiquette. Especially in public. You, you might see someone Who shaking up. Oh Joe, I don't give a damn if I know you, if I, if I'm coming in the bathroom and you coming out, I ain't finna dap you up 'cause I ain't sure you wash your hands because I done seen too many people go in there, drop mud and come up out there, pull the pants up and walk right up outta there. Rock mud. I like that. It's a good one. I ain't never heard that. Rock mud. Okay. Yeah. Nowhere It walked right up outta there. I Gotta use that. I said oh, nah, nah, nah man. So that's why Hey, in the bathroom, I, hey yeah, nah, hey, how you doing? But man, people, you don't realize how nasty people are.


Yeah. Until you go into the bathroom at airports and then you see, you understand Man joke come up outta that thing. Oh Joe, pull their pants up, walk right up, grab their luggage and run right there. Walk right up outta of there. I wouldn't eat at the house if I was a hostage. Nah, this going to let me start. Keep me down here in the basement. Don't you break me ish. Nothing Nasty, mofo Nah, nah mm nah they go pee and wash their hands bro. Damn. Yeah. How you walk Right by the sink Ocho, because the, because normally the urals over there and you gotta walk by the sink. Yeah. In order to, to Get, to get out the door. You gotta, yeah. How you walk by the, now wash your nasty hands and then you go go order.


I see 'em standing right in the line order Chick-fil-A or Popeyes pissy hand. Oh hell nah. That's why a, the a and you don't owe your, you know, you try to give 'em the fist bump? No, they, hey. Oh. Lemme shake it. No bro. Here you, there you go. Power, power to the people up. Oh hell no. Bathroom, mannequin people. Bathroom mannequin. You gotta learn that. Yes. That's all I'm saying, bro. No, and I don't think I'm better than you, but I just know through my experience of traveling, I've seen too many people Yeah. Come in the bathroom and walk right up out there after peeing or dropping mud.


And then I'd be, and then and you think and then you think I'm supposed to just like, hey, just shake it. Just have a conversation with you. What in for bro? Why we talking? Who having a conversation? What, what's so important that you got to have a conversation in the bathroom? Chad? Am I wrong? I mean, I don't, people might think I'm like, bro, I'm not fitting to have no conversation with you in the bathroom. Man, what you in? How long you in town? Huh? Listen, I, I, I say one thing. If you try to engage in conversation. Hey bro, I'm holler at you outside, bro.


Yeah, I'm holler at you outside. Is is okay bro. I mean people Hey O Joe, the people, me and Ash Joe were traveling yesterday. Yeah. So we all sitting, we got our luggage. We tried, we got little things blocked in. Dude. Hey, you mind if I sit down and talk to y'all? Ash looked at me. Jordan looked at me, I look at my bags. Sure. I'm like, Okay. Hey, what y'all were talking about? We were just, we were just talking because we got, we, we was was in, where the hell were we? DC Okay, we were in DC. Yeah. We got delayed. So we, you know, we just sitting down, you know, we just sitting down talking laughing.


Yeah. And the guy just kept hovering around, you know, like, and you know me Ocho I ain't trying to make no con eye contact. Okay. Yeah. You know Ash eye contact Is over. Ash ain't no quist or nothing. You know the guy. I was like, eh, that guy who Jordan like, hey, you right till you till you're right Ball. Like, yeah, I see you. And like he gonna come up. I'm like, eh, sure enough. Here you go. He came up. You, you modify. IY mind, I sit down and talk to you about what? Hey man, they just wanna engage in a little conversation, man. Get a chance to, you know, know you personally.


You know they see you on tv, they see you on Nightcap, you know, and it's an honor. It's an honor. You have to understand. But ocho normally when I go into a public, when I go into a bathroom, I'm trying to hold my breath. It's stinking there. Right. Okay. You're right, you're right, you're Right. I ain't trying to talk. I gotta breathe in order to talk. I ain't trying to breathe them f in. Right. But you also have to understand who you are. People don't really have a chance to see you often. You know. So anytime they get a chance, Even wait too minutes. You can see me outside E even if it's in the bathroom. No, they, they gonna say something. I go in as soon as I hit the door, I hold my breath.


Oh man. Oh, that, that's, that's crazy. I think I'm out. People just got to because I ain't going, I ain't, I ain't never going, I ain't going to, oh no. I wait. Right, Right. Definitely ain't going on. Ain't up babe, please. Oh, you, oh, you don't, you don't do number two in public. Public. Oh no. Oh, I wish I might. Well Listen, if I, if I gotta go up Half the tie guys that look like somebody done threw a smash, the pumpkin against the wall. Oh hell no. Yeah, I know, I know what you mean. I, I, that Ain't nasty. I, I, listen, I'm using the bathroom. If I got, if I got to go number two and most of the time in public restroom, they don't have, oh no, they have the, the toilet Seat. I'm good. I wait. I can wait.


You put a toilet seat cover on now. You know, protect. But I ain't got no toilet seat covers in there. People done pee all on the floor. Oh man. Come on man. But Damn, where the hell you at? Where they ruining the bathroom like that In the whole, in the airport.


We're turning up the heat on the newest episode of all the smoke Vice president and Democratic presidential nominee. Kamala Harris pulls up to the show to discuss her historic presidential run. Most people have ambition, they have aspirations, they have dreams, and they are willing to work hard. And if we give people the opportunity to actually meet those goals, they jump for it. Every time Matt and Stack will be diving deep into the journey that brought her here, her vision for the future and the real stories behind the headlines. Make sure you check out all the smoke with Vice President Kamala Harris out now listen today on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Listen to Trendz Zone on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I Didn't really hear them noise. I just come here to play basketball kin day. And that's what I focus On. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's braggadocious, she's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer star, Kabir, Baja bi Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football. The search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's Possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


My grandma, my grandma, my grandma. My grandma called me ugly all my life growing Up. I'm gonna take your word for it. I'm done with you old ugly self. Okay. Hey I, I try to convince nobody you did you mean that because you said you, you remember the other day you said I was ugly. Did you mean it? Nah, you said it. I'm good. I will keep it moving. Ah, you can't, you can't take it personally. I ain't take it personally. I just, I ain't finna be what I look like trying to, somebody gonna call me ugly and they think I'm gonna be with them. I mean come on Wecho. We grown. You do that in the fourth grade.


Right? Where you in elementary school, you gotta a crush on somebody. You hit them with your ugly self. You make me sick. Yeah, we grown now we don't play no type of games. That, That means she really like you. Nah, nah. True. Hey, I mean shit. Rel called me ugly sometime. Would she mad at you? Yeah, exactly. You Know listen. What, when, when, when are women the the most honest When they what? When they're angry. When they what? Thank you so proud. May maybe I'm, you know, I listen, I'm, I ain't the, I ain't, I'm not the, I ain't top 10 in the world.


I'm not a strong six and a half, especially with a haircut. If I get a haircut, oh. Long as I'm, long as I'm above five. I'm straight now when I ain't got no haircut and you know I ain't, I ain't been on the weight. I'm be, I'm, I'm a, I'm a strong You. I mean, yeah, look. Yeah, I mean I guess that's what you like. I'm looking for like you saying I'm, I'm trying to be, I'm trying to be a strong six seven A seven. Yeah. I mean you say if you want, you want your girl, you wouldn't want your, you want you. So I mean you say what, what would you say? Re's A what? Nine 10? A nine? Nah, re re she probably, I give, I give seven and a half.


Shit. Hey Ra, you heard? Nah, she ain't there. Niece ain't there. I, Hey, Hey listen, my, my dog my, she she, man, she, she might, she about a 10. I out kicked my coverage though. She did. You did. I Out kicked recovery. Yeah. And I only reason, only reason she probably listen, the only reason I she with me is I won because of my personality. Okay. I can see that. That's it. That's it. I'm I'm just being honest because you know what they say, if you can make a woman laugh, you can laugh at you. I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna say it. You know what I'm Trying to say. Yeah. Get about them. Yeah, I I get what you're saying Right. Quick, quick. But I look, it, it, it just depends.


I mean look, everybody, every, you know everybody there, there's them lookers that you know that's going to get you like damn. Yeah. Yeah. You know, hey you got, you got, you got some stepper that's gonna make you do a double take. Like Damn. Yeah. Yeah. They walk in the room and everybody Turn and then you got one. You got, so did you see her? Nah, Listen, I mean obviously depending on who you are, especially as a male, sometimes you want a seven sometimes sometimes you want a six and a half because you take a six and a half and you get a hair her feet and her nail done. Yeah. Do a knife bang and you Get a face B Oh she good. And then you ain't gotta worry about everybody after, you know, you ain't gotta worry about her having temptation, ocho And all that want you feel to realize the moment you, you can get you a two the moment Ocho.


So somebody gonna want her because they want what OCHO got. That's how it works. They can feel a woman walk by a thousand times. Right. Right. But let's Don't Lie, Boy that bro, you saw her walk by this, she been working in this office for four years. She's been single. Ain't nobody, she ain't mentioned nothing. No flowers have never come. No cars have never come. You've never seen her go out like, oh I gotta go, I'm going to meet somebody for lunch or for coffee. But the moment somebody will show a little interest, I been down. Man, man you know man, you know Stephanie look good mother Man they do that all the time on your hey.


But you know, like I said, look, I'm what I am. I got a nice personality. I can carry a conversation. I'm what I am. What you see is what you get. Yeah. You know, like I said, when I was, when I was, when I was growing up on your college and high school, you know you got a homeboy. Yeah. Because women, a lot of times you ain't gonna see five or six tens together because they gonna be bickering. So you go, you right, they, they never 1, 10, 8. Right. Seven. And they gonna be about three or four tools infused. They gonna be a couple tools infuse in that ocho. Now you're right. One thing about women, they not gonna splinter guys if, if, if, if, if five or six guys go out together and this one and the female say hey, hey you know, hey what you doing?


Hey, let's go get something. Hey bro, check this out. I'll holler at y'all. Hey, hey, such and such I'm going blah, blah, blah. Women don't spin it like that. So you gotta have somebody that'll take for them tools and f you gotta have somebody take one for the team. Right. So yeah, that's why my homeboy would come in at Sharp. I got you. But you know my girlfriend, you know she ain't got nobody. He got her. I go, I'm gonna go in and break him off. I'm gonna give him about $300. So you know, he could do. Yeah. Go ahead and do what he need to do. Keep her occupied. Right. Well I keep this one occupied, but you not gonna find no 5, 6, 7 tens together because there's too many strong personalities and if somebody talk to one of them, oh, that'd be he, he will he be, he be in my d of he be in my d you know they be talking all that's a, that's community.


That's community. PP anyway. I ain't want it. Yeah. So it's gonna cause confusion more times than not Women, they have, you know, one or two that look really, really attractive. But you know they gonna have, they gonna have about three or four tools in fuel with 'em that ocho. Yeah. Always, always, always. Mama say I ain't taking one for the team. Nah, I I wasn't either. I ain't that that in me man. Come on, come on sharp. No it ain't no come on Shark. No, hell nah. Come on bro. Don't put your boy out there like this man. But that happens Ocho. But like, I like you said, like I, I look, I can talk carry on a conversation.


I got a nice personality. Hey here, what it is. Hey, am I 10? No, I'm good, I'm good, I'm good. What I am, I'm 56 Ojo. I move a little, I move a little slow. I got the same, I got the same haircut I had since 1972. Starting to receive a little bit, a little bit in the top. But what you see is what you get. Right. I can tell you why, why 80% of the NFL continues to get hurt and the injuries, the soft tissue injuries continue to increase year in, year out. I can, I can tell you, but nobody wanna listen to me. But no, the NFL teams wanna be bringing all these goddamn specialists with all these goddamn pie charts and shit, you know, on, on, on which you're supposed to consume and, and how important your nutrition and intake is.


And everybody continues to get hurt. Don't listen to me. We play a fucking barbaric sport. But all you motherfuckers are eating like goddamn rabbits and wonder why your body can't hold up and it's only weak goddamn three. Yeah, but you don't wanna listen to me, huh? 11, 12 years, no injuries. All I did was dislocated my goddamn finger once. Shit. But don't listen to me. Listen to the motherfucking people that never played a sport before, but they telling you what to put in your goddamn body. I'm gonna listen, I'm gonna listen, I'm gonna listen to the guys like Megatron that said Healthy and Jerry Who? Megatron. Okay. That's a good one. What about, what about Jerry?


Jerry? That, that, that's A, I mean, look to eat your own, I just felt that, I just wanted, I just felt that I, I was gonna get in what I put out and so Right. Like during the season I wasn't eating anything bad. Right. That was just me and it. And, and, but here's the thing though, Ocho the mind is, is, is is the strongest muscle that you have. See, you believe eating that wasn't nothing gonna happen. Right. And you convinced yourself. Most people believe that if they eat healthy, they'll be healthy and they'll perform better. It ain't happening because all them motherfuckers hurt. They on ir soft tissue injuries. My hamstring, my ankle.


I mean, listen, I'm talking about the, it, it, it, it hurts me because the best players are the ones getting hurt. And on Sundays I want to see you play. I wanna see you play. I'm mad at pka. naco. P pka. Naco had a historic rookie season last year with the Rams. You know what he ate every day last year he had McDonald's. He was a McDonald's advocate just like I am. He changed his diet in the off season and started eating healthy. It's not a coincidence. But you have to understand though, Ocho a lot of guys don't have your frame. They eat McDonald's eating that bull drive.


They're gonna be, they're gonna be 300 pounds. They're gonna be 20, 30 pounds over the weight. Time out. Time out tap. What you mean? A lot of guys don't have my frame. It's only one me. Exactly. It's only one I know. Hey listen, I know I'm built like a a He-Man figurine. You're Not no 6 2 30 Chisel up. I know not everybody can built like this. No, I'm a spec. Yeah, I know I'm a specimen. A lot of guys that eat, you know, we got weight. I don't know if y'all had weight, had to make weight in Cincinnati. Of course I listen, I I was overweight a few times. I got, Hey, listen, Marvin fired me like 15,000 right before the Ravens game. Right before the Ravens game. I I came in at 2 25.


I ain't worried about that. I think the thing of OCHO is that I don't, I don't think the guys give their body enough time to rest. You don't think so? I Don't. They barely even, they barely even practice. No, but I'm saying I'm not, I'm I'm talking about all they do is they, they go from soon as the season over, they start back running and they don't take no time off. Oh, I, I see what you mean. I see what you mean. Damn. Give your body take a month, take two months off. I don't, I don't think that's it. We were doing two a day. Yeah. We was at, we We took a two. They don't, they don't put the body through the ringer enough. Yeah, they not practicing enough Ojo. But You gotta get the body ready for that.


The Volume Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champion league is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up to date


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers You mix homesteading with guns and church.


Voila. You got straightaway He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, I iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs a Foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast presented By El Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.