
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it, in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist. At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. There are so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to Good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume Giannis are Giannis and the books are scheduled to meet are scheduled. A meeting about the team direction of meet Amid trade rumors according to NBA inside of Chris Haynes. I was told the Bucks made contact with Giannis early as this morning. And sources relayed to me that a meeting is expected to be scheduled for mid next week. This is where Giannis is going to have his chance to speak with the Buck Brass and talk about the direction of the team.


Giannis responded to a couple of fan questions last night, including the one that asked, he was asked his favorite NFL Team Packers, Dallas Cowboys. Do you have a favorite NFL team that would've been in the States for a while? And you said the Packers and the Cowboys. So obviously the the Packers play in Wisconsin. Milwaukee is in Wisconsin. The Cowboys play in Dallas. Team that's in Dallas is the Mavericks. Nah, nah. Joe, y'all, you gotta be discussed that. So tell me what you're thinking, Joe, this meeting, I'm sure you probably had meetings, you went, You know, at Phoenix you ended up from Phoenix. Go to Atlanta. Atlanta, you go to the next. So what's gonna take place in a meeting of this magnitude?


Man, Giannis probably is going, I would say he is probably going to voice obviously how he feels and, and he's gonna ask the direction of this team and what we trying to go, or like how can we, how can we get better? And if it's, if it's nothing that appeases him, yeah, I can see him asking for a trade. I can see him asking for a trade and I've said it all along and I know people gonna get Nico a lot of flag, but I say you got package that Cooper flag that that number one pick and go get Giannis there. I that I, listen, see, listen, I'm saying that because Ocho listen, hear me out. I Got you. Go ahead. As a rookie do, I mean I I I think he's gonna be a pretty good player in this league, but as a rookie, I just can't see him really helping the Mavericks compete for a championship.


You go get Giannis man, please. You gonna be you. I mean you, it's gonna make the, the West a lot thicker, but Giannis and Ad and Kyrie Because in his current situation, Ocho Yeah, in his current situation, Dame is not gonna be there until 2026. Right? Yeah. That's if he lucky he probably take the whole year and not play next year and don't play till 26, 27. Right? Yeah. So now you're not Giannis by himself is not coming out of the east. No. And they don't really have pieces that they can go pair and get somebody to come along with Giannis. 'cause I don't know how, what the draft, what the draft compensation looked like.


They traded, You know, they traded some things to get Dane. Yeah. So what you normally would have, you don't have anymore. So with that being said, I don't know what they can tell him that's gonna assure him or make him rest comfortably to say, You know what? Okay, now Boston, we can challenge Boston. Yeah we can challenge the Knicks. We can challenge the Pacers. Really? You Think you can clap the Cavaliers? I don't, I don't, I don't think the way the Milwaukee bucks are currently constructed. Yeah. I don't believe they're no better than the what? Fifth, fourth, fifth best team in right In East First Round exit. Yep. But, but here I got something else for you right now when we talk about where Giannis might go and some of the questions he was asked on Twitter, and this is what I really like about superstar players that had actively engaged with the fans, right?


And this obviously liking the Packers, liking the Cowboys and trying to put two and two together. So we can also take a question that was asked to be honest, out of all the cities you've ever been to, which city made you the happiest to be there? Not counting your hometown. And Gianni said Florida Cities. Now we can take that as well as another hint based on what I told you about my meeting with Mickey Eon, right. And Ftra and Pat Riley. Now he answered and said Florida cities. Now You know, he is not talking about Orlando and the only other NBA team in Florida is who? Joe?


He The Miami. Although Orlando man, can you imagine what Giannis don't, don't Carl bark. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. Yo. Yeah, they better than the heat of with that. Yeah. See how y'all see how I keep trying to give y'all hints. I'm telling y'all what's gonna happen. Y'all not, y'all not listening to me Ocho what they going, what, what did he giving up to get Youni? Because if you gotta give up one of your big guns, there ain't even no point. I mean, what we doing right? Hold on. You don't wanna give up your big guns. Right? But you say they gonna give up the big gun. They just got drafted number one to go to, to, to go to goddamn Dallas. He's Not proven. He is not, he's never played in the league.


Yeah. I have a question. Yes. Is Tyler Hero better than Cooper Flagg Is Tyler Hero better than Cooper Flagg? Come on. Come on now. Tyler hero don't it don't it don't take that long to answer that. Tyler Hero ain't gonna put bust in the seat. Like Cooper Flagg Cooper Flagg Cooper Flagg is, is a will be the number one overall pick. People view him as a a generational talent. People don't view Tyler hero as that. Now I'm not saying Tyler, he, I don't know what Cooper Flag will be, but I'm saying evaluators, if Cooper Flag and Tyler Hero in the same draft, who you think going won Tyler Hero or Cooper Flag, Hey, okay. I know I'm, I'm, I'm I'm understanding what you're saying, but why, if you understand that he went one for a reason.


Yeah. Went one for a reason. But they're saying Right, but the Dallas Mavericks wanna win a championship right now at this minute. They like, we wanna win a championship the moment they trade. Luca, we need to win a championship. Yeah. What Joe and I are saying, we believe Jannis gets them closer to that than Cooper flag. IIII there's been only one rookie that really can, I mean you gotta go back Wes Sel, but Wes, we west, no, Wests was, he wasn't the MVP of the rookie. But I'm saying you gotta go back to Magic Johnson. Yeah. The question is you believe Cooper Flagg Magic Johnson Johnson. 'cause he is the only guy that lead a team to a, in to a title. Listen, as, as a rookie, I'm, I'm not sure can do it, but I understand what he's capable of doing.


We saw him play at Duke. We understand how special he is. Yes. I think he can make a huge difference. A huge Can he get, Can he be honest? Let's just say for the sake of honest, ain't Nobody gonna be Giannis Giannis did 4 35 A night. Okay, well, well there you go in, in three in three to four years. Yeah. Cooper flag, he probably gonna be something to something to deal with in the NBA. But yeah, his rookie year dealing with that, that math team who was looking to win. Right? Not now, but right now. Right now. Yeah, I understand. Is that, Yeah, they, that's the only thing I'm saying though. That's the, I saying, I'm saying I got you. Listen, I understand what both of y'all saying now. I'm trying to give you as much information as can, as I can without really spilling the beans.


But y'all not listening to me. Y'all not listening to me. So when it actually happens, all I'm gonna do is I'm gonna come on the show. I'm gonna light up my cigar and I'm gonna say I told you so that's it. Because y'all, y'all be thinking I'd be lying and playing and capping and all that. And I'm telling you, I sat in the meeting you do with the power, with the power players that run the heat organization. And I know what moves are being made. I know what strings are being, being, being pulled behind, closed doors. Yeah, listen, but I, for me, I I, I agree with you Joe. I don't know, I don't know what Milwaukee can tell him. Shorting him short, short of telling him we got a a 30% stake in Harley Davidson and we give you 15% of it. Other than that, I don't know honestly, honestly, because when you look at the way this team who, I mean what piece can you trade?


Dame is injured an Achilles injury and I think he's like what, 32 33 years of age. Yeah. Okay. With that being said, and he's gone for the entire year. What pieces, if I'm not mistaken, what Brooke Lopez might be a free agent. You got Bobby Porters. I'm trying to figure out what do you have, you don't have a whole lot of draft capital because you trading that up to get Dame and you don't have pieces outside of Giannis. Giannis is gonna probably want to leave. So what? And I, hang on, can I tell you what this meeting is about? What every time football season ended, what do we have? What meeting do we have with the coach at the end of the season? What's it called? It's exit meeting. And that's what the meeting is about. They already done had theirs.


They been out to play out for two weeks. They been Had that. I know, I, I know. Well he, they finna have, listen, they finna have an extra one. I don't know why they have an extra one. 'cause there's nothing they can do. There's nothing that they can do in pulling the trade off that can make them a contender and have them not being bounced out the first round. Again, Giannis is going back in that room. There's nothing, there's nothing you can pull. You can't pull no rabbit out the hat and all of a sudden say, listen Giannis, this is what we can do for our team that's going to put us in contention. Absolutely nothing. So the fact that even having a meeting again about nothing makes no sense. Hey listen Ocho what y'all think about Giannis going to the Lakers. That's, you have no goddamn bench.


You gonna be Yeah, I mean you gonna have to, you gotta to get a few guys from the G League. You gonna have to go, you. That's what you gonna have. Jody might call you up. Jody might call you up. You go, you got, you got, you got 15 minutes in you I got 15 to 18 minutes in here. I got that. I got that. I got that. Hey, I I I can do that with no problem. Listen, if Giannis listen. Hi, Giannis, Giannis, Luca and LeBron on the same team. Every goddamn game for 82 weeks is gonna be three on five. Nah, they got, they got, they got some other guys who can step up and play. They, they, they can make it work. You get them three on the team, you gonna have to make it work. We said, we said the same thing about Bradley, bill, Kevin Durant and god damn Devin Boca.


I tell no but they played it. But Bradley Bill and Debbie book are the same people. Hey look, Ocho the Lakers missing that big Giannis would be a major piece for them. Giannis play the four. He don't play the five. Yeah. That boy gonna play the five, the four, the three, the two and the one. What you talking about? You going, Hey look, he can, he can do a multitude of things. I think, You know, he'll open up your offense and give guys easy buckets. Obviously he'll take the pressure off LeBron. He won't have to do as much defensively. He's going, he's going to come on man. Yeah, Right. You right. I mean I I just think, I just think in the NBA this summer, I think we going, we gonna see some superstars move around.


I agree. And it's going to be, it's gonna be amazing to see. I think it's gonna be good for the league and You know, Hey, you don't be surprised. Hey, what you call em try to pull this. You watch Golden State. Golden State to try to, golden State gonna try to get in the mix. Watch. Yeah. Who Giannis? Yep. Yeah. What you, what you think about how Giannis for Minga and some picks? I think Golden State got picks. I think they got draft capital, but I think they want, I think they want a superstar back in return. Like who? They gonna want a Cooper flag. They gonna want, they're gonna want a all a all star level player. Yeah, I can see that. Like, and You know, you said you said superstars can, can, can y'all give gimme two other names or maybe just one other name that might be on the move this off season?


Well we know Kevin Durant gonna leave Kevin Durant moving. Yeah. You know k KD moving, You know KD got a place in Miami, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But Ishma, you're gonna have to satisfy because of what he gave up to get kd, you're gonna have to satisfy that. And I don't know if the Knicks have that. Now look, when you start dealing with these superstar players, you probably get multiple teams involved because it's gonna have to, you, you'd have to fix, You know, you have to, the puzzle will have to, You know, Fit. That make sense? So you're gonna probably have you, you'll see a lot of three, four teams moving these pieces. But I think this is gonna be probably one of the most, one of the busiest summers.


Yeah. That we've seen in a very long time. And I can tell you what, I can tell you what Joe, You know, You know the summer's gonna be very busy, but I can tell you how the season gonna go next year. And I can tell you who coming out the motherfucking East. Oh wow. Go ahead. Miami Heat. Oh Lord. You heard me? Oh Joe, y'all see y'all don't wanna listen Every time I say something, y'all never wanna listen to it because I'm black. You said that, you said that about Cincinnati gonna make the playoffs. That's why you owe me 5,200. Huh? You told me, you told me Miami Heat was gonna win. The first going to come out to what you call them, the play in. I told you we, I told you we didn't make it out the first round because everybody got food poisoning.


The whole team had food poisoning. That's why I be lost. I don't know what they got, but they got you in debt. I tell I'm gonna pay you 5,200. Man, I told you I'm gonna let Justine get my money back. I, I'm done with it. Oh man, I'm gonna send Justine to collect my money. I'm wash her. I'm finna wash her. Yeah, I gotta use the Damon. Bryan played the playoffs with a partially torn right meniscus. According to Ramona Shelburn, JB missed Boston's final three regular season games and with the injury, but was able to modify his game and play through the pain during the playoffs. He'll reportedly be evaluated this week to determine if surgery is necessary.


Joe, Joe meniscus. It's not that bad, but obviously anytime you have to go up under that knife, oh, I ain't, I, I hate it. But You know, he gutted it out. I thought, You know, for him playing with a torn meniscus, he, You know, he did, he did everything he could man to help the, the seeds try to advance or repeat. But it just wasn't enough. No, I just, I hope, I hope he get, I hope Boston in general just get healthy and able to, You know, come back next year. Obviously Tatum won't be there, but You know, try to man make some good out of this. But yeah, this is very, this is very, very unfortunate for them.


Well the best thing he and Tatum got their money. Yeah. So that's something that's, that's that's not at the front of their mind. Like, damn, I just called myself X you got the contract, you straight. That's why I'm telling JT bro, don't you rush back. You make sure you come back and when we, when you come back, you are the same JT that we remember when you left. Yeah. Nothing less. I know you're gonna put the work in, but don't rush back. You don't have anything to prove. You're about to be a fir a four time first team all NBA selection. You've gone to, you've gone to the All Star game. You won Olympic Gold, two Olympic gold medals, a and you won a championship. Yeah. Is that true though, Joe? Is that true?


What? Just because he won a championship, is the monkey off his back? He had nothing to prove Yeah. Mean No, I ain't say he don't have anything to prove. I'm saying he don't have a reason to rush back. To rush back. Okay. Okay. I, I see What you're saying. I I think, I think especially in the game of, in basketball, You know, you, you measured by your championships obviously, You know, they, they done been there numerous of times, but they did get one. So Yeah, I I don't think it's no pressure for 'em on the, You know, rush back or, or any of that. I just think, You know, you need to get healthy, get a hundred percent then come back and You know, try and do it all over again, man. But You know, injuries are a part of the game and I know we hate them and it's just very, very unfortunate, bro.


It is. And that's the thing, You know, and like we talked about it, Joe Kevin Durant took 18 months. Remember he tore, he tore a achilles in 2019 in June of 2019. Yeah. He didn't play that season. He didn't play and remember he didn't play that season and in the start it was the bubble. Yeah. He didn't play that. And then he didn't really come back until later and KD looked like he had never missed a beat. Yeah. Never missed a beat. But he didn't rush back everything like, nah bro, y'all not finna rush me back. Y'all not finna put me back out there and I'm not ready to play and I reinjure this thing. So I think that's the thing for me. And I, that's why I'm telling him Ocho no, I don't, I'm not saying you like, listen, the thing about pro sports is that you have to update your resume.


You don't get the rest say, oh, I did this and I know No, you're not straight because every year, every year you play. Yeah. You are out there for a reason. You're trying to prove something if not only to you, yourself, you're trying to prove something. Yeah. So you don't get to say, well I won a championship five years ago. Okay and you still playing now, so what are you playing for? If you're not trying to win a championship, what are you playing for? So with that being said, I just think the thing is for him, I just want him to get a hundred percent healthy and then come back and be the Jason Tatum that we remember. The la the last thing in my mind I saw about Jason Tatum before I saw him crumple on the four floor, he had 42. Yeah, that's what I remember. He was balling 42.


He was balling Nice. Yeah. He'll get back there. I think he he'll get back to a hundred percent. He'll get back to the player that he's accustomed to being. You know the one thing you get out there with an injury, man, you can't move the way you are accustomed to move and do the things that you are accustomed to doing. Like, that's frustrating. So I I'm with, I'm with you all. Take your time, heal yourself up, strengthen your body, get your mind right and come back and, and get back to it because the injury is like ocho somebody telling you Ocho, you can't have fun, man, stop the antics playing football ocho. Right, right. Tuck your jersey ocho. Right. Get rid of the the orange trend strap ocho. So that's like a player.


He's used to being one way. Right. Jason Tatum is used to being great. Yeah. Now all of a sudden he rushes back and then he's, he, he's not what we remember. Right. It doesn't, that's what really does messes with a player a a professional athlete mentally when I can't do what I once could. Yeah. That's why sus getting old. Yeah, man. Oh, when you, man, I remember who I could do. I can't do none. What? Who all you, all you have is memories. Yeah. Nah, that ain't good enough. That's not good enough for the greats. Now if you just, You know, you, you play and, and you play a sport. And I'm not trying to diminish anybody, but obviously there's levels. But when you are that great, it's hard not to be that great.


Yeah. Yeah. I gotta, especially when you're still in your twenties now he get 40. I mean, it's, it's tough for LeBron, even though LeBron is still playing at a elite level. He knows that he couldn't, he can't do what he did, what he did when he was 28. What he was 32 or even 35. Yeah. But it would've been something entirely different if his skill, if his, if his athleticism has a dissipated. Here he is 28 from 28 to 29, like, what the hell happened to me?


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy by talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I'm Michael Cassen, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovator shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali Saud, CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. What others dismiss as niche we embrace as core. It's this idea that there's so many stories out there and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, listen Annie, You know what, You know what's funny uncle to put things in? What? That perspective really Right now we talk about sports and getting injured and we talk about aging and getting old and that's, that's in life in general in all aspects of it. You hear me, Joe? Yeah. Hey, everything. And for yo, y'all might wanna write this down. You'll never understand the value of a moment until it becomes a memory and we ain't talk about force. Yeah. Force for any and everything. You're Chad, y'all might wanna write that down. You hear me write it down? Yeah. I'm, it's Sunday night I'm a priest to you. Run it, run it, run it back one more time so they get it. But Never understand the value of a moment because we done all had moments until that moment becomes a memory.


And all you can do is just think about it. Oh Lord. Sh Listen, I ain't even listen, I ain't gonna pass the offering played around. Hello? Hello. Okay. Isn't it funny how time just slip on away. Talk to Bra. Take your time, get up in the middle of the night and go to the bathroom and everything. Hurt. Knees, ankle, back, hips. Hey, if I didn't have so much pride, I'd give me one of the more gooses and I let put the step pull to the side of my bed. But You know, I got too, I got too much pride for that jo joint. Don't your, You know, I gotta get my, I gotta get my ass up. Go to the bathroom, but it hurts.


Yeah. My, my, my prostate the size of this cup. Yeah. All know man. Hey, I go to the bathroom and I lay, I lay down on one side. Yeah. I'm like, Lord, I know I ain't gotta go back to the bathroom again. Now. Hey, one thing, come on. Hey, one thing about it, them days are coming. Yes. Coming. And that people, man, I tell people all the time, I say it sucks getting old but it beats the alternative. I'm telling you. That's a good one. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on Black. Hey, you done gave a bar right there. Boy. You should be a battle rapper. That was a Bar. Yeah. Hold on. Hey, see what, what? Bring that to me one more time.


Yeah, it sucks. It does suck getting old. Yeah. It beats the alternative. I'm finna use that on Twitter. I mean, suck man. Look, the thing is, when you young you just felt like, like every day you just felt so good and you can bounce back quick. What? Your bounce back game quick. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because hey, when I was in my twenties, I used to be able to, You know, and now Bounce, bounce, bounce. Yeah. Hey Boy, it didn't matter that, that that wasn't me and my teens, twenties, thirties. I just got older one gone.


Hey, that's it. That's it. All I do is just look at the music that they pass me by now. Hey, hey, you remember, hey, when you was growing up, you remember me saying, that's my car down, that's my car. I remember that. That's what I do now. That was my year. That's my year. You gotta understand, huh? Now we went from being young right? And saying that's my car. That's my car. To being able to go and get that car. That car. Yeah. And then the funny thing about it is when you young, you had people take care of you when you infant then you get to a point where you can take care of yourself and then on the back end you're back at a point where you need somebody to take care of you again.


Yeah. It's funny how life work ain't it? Yeah. Yep. We all gotta do a my grandma say, boy we all gotta do it one day. Mm. We all gotta do it. The big three is beginning play in the 2025 under a new city base model. Season eight tiffs off June 14th at the Allstate Arena in Chicago on CBS for 10 weeks of Premier three on three basketball action. Joe, tell us what the p tell us what we can expect this year from the three on three tournament. Hey look, if you want to see a show, you wanna see some great basketball, you wanna see some guys in some shape compete at a high level, you come watch the big three.


Come watch specifically the Detroit ems. Man, we not gonna be playing no silly games. You hear me? Okay Ocho? Yeah. Yeah. When we touch the flow, man, we putting on a show, man. I'm not playing. You hear me? It's three things we don't do. We don't play, we don't play and we do not play. Yeah. We bringing it baby. We bringing it. Hold on. Joe. Joe who your team? Joe who, who the team Who on the, who own the Detroit team? I, same thing. We got myself, Jeremy Pargo. Okay. We got Big D Block. He, he's our center, our our big man. And we just got two dogs out the draft and Shakur Stevenson and what's my other Ray?


A dude named Ray. I forgot Ray's last name. I'm sorry. But we got some dogs. Nixon. Huh? Nixon Ray. Nixon. Ray. Ray, Nixon. So we got, we got, we got some athleticism, some dogs, some dudes who gonna compete I think at, at the end of the day when me and Jeremy and D Block kind of sat down and discussed and, and George Gervin Iceman who's coach? Yeah, actually Coach Ice. Yeah. Yeah. That's the coach we discussed on what we needed as a team and what was going, You know, ultimately get us over the top and get us to a championship and we came up with those two guys and we end up getting the two guys who we wanted. So it's gonna be a special season for us. Hey, so y'all tune in man. Make sure y'all tune in. We gonna be coming. Oh yeah. Oh yeah.


We go, we gonna check it out. I I, I'm going to check it out. I'm going to, I'm going to a game now. Detroit ain't too far away from Miami too now. Hey Joe, when you think about it, y'all talk about what y'all need as a team to get y'all self over the top and compete for a championship, You know, and, and in the big three, y'all need a extra set of legs, an extra body or something. Nah, nah. We good? We good bro. We good. We preach. We good. We good. We good Joe? Yeah. I wanna say, who is Gillet? Who picked up Gillet? I don't think nobody picked up Gillet but he was at the combine and they say he was putting in some work too. Him and he was. Hey Damien Gillet? Yeah, Damien Gillet. Hey look, Gillet got some game though. Gillet got fence. He does, he could play.


I respect Gil. He be, he be talking crazy to folk. Yeah. Yeah. He talking, he be barking up the wrong tree sometimes. He like Ocho a little bit, You know. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. No better Time out. Time out. Don't, don't do that. Don't do do that. Listen, I love Gilly, I love everything Gilly does. When Gilly touched that court boy Gilly could play some ball now I can come off the bench. Oh. How many NBA teams is it right now? 30. It's 30 NBA teams Joe. Yeah, right at, right now at 47. Joe, I can come off, I can come off the bench for any, any team right now and contribute. You can't do that Ocho Me man. What? Talking about what, What's your best attribute? Gimme your best attribute. What's your best attribute? What you do, what you do best attribute lying.


I'm saying if I go to the squad ocho I'm like hey look I got Ocho I need to be able to give him description of what it, a descriptive of what it is that you do. What is it that you do? Matter of fact, see that's the thing o that's the thing Joe. That's what makes me so special on the court, Joe. You can't even describe what I'm gonna bring to the team. I'm, I'm a fishing right. I'm a fishing one-on-one. I could put the ball on the floor. Anybody you put on me is a mismatch. You can't even really double that. You can't really double. 'cause if you double you just gotta kick that bitch out. We gotta make sure everybody else hit they shot. Now you get somebody like me coming off the bench like I'm gonna tell you I'm a mix your Russell Westbrook and D Rose in this prime. Like that's how I play.


So if y'all bring me in the big, I'm telling you that not only am I gonna put but in the seats, I'm a, I'm gonna put up points. Okay? Okay. You and you ain't even gotta pay me 'cause I got like 57, 11 jobs. Okay. No money. I just want an opportunity. Okay. I got see but see he was talking so fast Joe. You didn't hear what he said? He said he'd be efficient. He, he, he made it say efficient. He said efficient. But you missed that part. But don't worry about it. Hey Joe, never forget Joe. When I was in high school every Saturday I dropped 56, 12 and 10. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Every Saturday. So we played sat, we played on Saturdays in high school. Man. Man in high school played, you play a couple times a week in high school, right Joe?


In high school. We played on Tuesdays and Fridays, man and Saturday. Them the little boy games. Man. I Didn't say no little boy games. I played, I played class six, eight class. I told you asked you donis about me. Ask you Don ask Hassman about me. What I did him in high school, Ky overheard a team playing on Saturday. Man, that's, that's like junior high ball bro. That's like that, that Ojo. Hey Joe. Joe. But he only Joe two played. He only one day. Two, sometimes we play three times a week. Sometimes we play, we play, we play like Monday or we'll play it Tuesday and we play Friday or we'll play Friday, Saturday game. But we play sometimes two to three times a week. We just didn't have no one day a week to play. No game.


Hey listen to me Joe. I play in Miami sometime, right. I play in Miami and Open Locker. Right. I be at Pepper Paul. Right. Okay. I be out, You know with my boy, You know I be out there with Zo and my Yanks. We be out there having a good time. You know I go out there Joe just as a tuneup, as a for me, You know I go out there, You know, run by six, seven games and never come off the court Court. You win 'em all or you, you, But hey, I never come off the court. You know the game go 11, I'm giving you a six every game. Man, you A six every game. Hey, they say a lot. Don't care Who tell to do it man. Don. Yeah. One thing about it, listen, the fat lady ain't sing yet. Nah, we with the 15 we with the 15 Ocho 11 was one on one.


No, the the first game is the 15. Huh? Everybody else all The game is the 15. No, no, no. The game. No the first game. When everybody comes to the park, the first game, the 15, every game after that until 11. That's why he, why, why every time you say I wanna play Joe, we gonna go to 11. 'cause I know we ain't gonna make it to 15, But I thought that was the one-on-one. That's what the one-on-one is the leveled. I thought they thought thing else. I'm, listen, I'm giving Joe is handicapped when it comes to playing against me. That's why I'm going to 11. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. How I'm handicapped playing against you? You too Snoop Joe. You don't understand how quick I am Joe. This ain't no joke. What Man? Hey listen, we Ain't broke. What?


We gonna have to get this thing hit jumping. You gonna have excuses. The first thing you gonna say when it's time to play, I told him I'd come to Atlanta. First thing you gonna say, I came today. I gotta be with a wife. Oh, I came today. I gotta walk the dog. You gonna have all type excuses. I guarantee you. Now I'm gonna make sure I'm gonna, I'm gonna hit my people over there for the Hawks. I'm gonna make sure we get to practice facility so we can go in there and get on. It ain't gonna be We going in the gym. Yeah, we gonna the gym. What you mean? I wanna play outside. I'm in the concrete too. It's too hard on knees. Oh, There you go. There we go. There we go. We going To the gym man. There We go. There we go. Hey, he done grew up in Buckingham Palace.


He don't wanna play outside the excuse No more. He, hey, he done grew up with a silver spoon in his mouth. Hey Joe, you got, Hey Joe, you got a problem with roaches? Like, does that bother like seeing Roach that bother you? Does roaches bother you? Yeah. Yeah. See? Yeah. It is a b bougie ass nigga. Man. Man, He don't want, he, he don't wanna hoop, man. He done gone Hollywood. Hey anybody, anybody that say they, they live on, they got a property they don't wanna hoop. Man, nee Lamb was talking about George Pigs and said we're both ones Ocho or the Cowboys gonna be a problem. I told ain't ain gonna be a problem because I told you they was both ones.


That's why I said what I said. Now what everybody can do. They can't take out their head on vision. They thinking about everything Pickens was doing when he was in Pittsburgh. I would be frustrated too. Now I'm not talking about the loafing, I'm not talking about the lack of blocking and I'm not talking about being lazy on certain plays which cause intercept. I'm talking about being in a new environment, a new scenery with a nice great with a good quarterback, a top quarterback that can get you the ball. And they're going to use him. They're going use him. There's not gonna be no problems. And he's telling the truth. The goddamn Bengals got two number ones. The Philadelphia Eagles got two number ones. Hell, even the commanders now got two number ones.


Even though some people won't see Deebo Samuel as a one, but he do so goddamn much. He might as well be a fucking one. They gonna be all right. I'm telling you the Cal, the Cowboys. Listen, don't, don't, I know the Eagles won the Super Bowl last year. The Cowboys, if the Cowboys win the division, this, I'm the first one said it. I'm, I'm, I'm the first one said it. Look at what offensively, look at what Saquon Barkley did for the Cowboys from an offensive perspective. Yeah, but so who's that Saquon? I, I'm, I mentioned them. Right. I'm saying to counter that, to counter that I'm saying Pickens are gonna take it up and make up even more to production on the other side. That's all I'm saying.


Okay. Oh, okay. All I'm saying you done watch Pickens take a take a six yard slant. 70. Yeah. You done watch him catch 60 or 70 yard bombs. You know, CD gonna slice and dice out there obviously a CD lamb slot. His his yak his rack, You know, I mean, he can go deep too, but he may he make his, he make his money shorten it intermediate and turn 'em into long balls. You, you, you listen, it's hard for me to explain, but you'll see when it happens. And one thing, my football, Joe, I'll never be wrong. So You saying you send them Cowboys gonna be like that this year. They gonna be like that offensively. Now what they do on defense, I don't know nothing about that. I don't know nothing about that.


But I can tell you what's gonna happen offensively. You gotta pick Michael Parson, who you gonna stop? But go ahead. Michael Parsons tweeted cd, CD done found a new best friend, Mike Mack Wilson. Senior music has taken the internet by storm, Rocket ship, Mac stage name has become a hit online and with a full EP drop in Friday. The 27-year-old linebacker was asked a critical question, Super Bowl or Grammy Super Bowl, bro, I'd rather win a Super Bowl. I love rapping as well, don't get me wrong, but it doesn't take away from my passion I have for the game.


Mack Wilson, who we play for Cardinals. What, what year is this for him? Mark? 27. So probably it's fourth or fifth. And so he finna drop that hour. Who that? Yeah, he got a full lp. You got EP up there? EP Live, I mean Grammy or Super Bowl. I mean, if you, in football, I mean, well, I mean the thing is, it's kind of hard because he's doing both.


I mean, normally a football player, You know, like Kobe. I Think you, I think the first one meant a lot. But You know, when Kobe won the Oscar for that animation of dear basketball? Yeah. I never seen him. I I I don't know if I seen him that happy when he won his first championship. Mm. I I've never seen nobody, I I've never seen a player more excited about retirement than that. I saw Kobe. Yeah. I mean, he asked him. I saw him at I think, I think Quincy Jones was getting honored and I went to an event and got an opportunity to sit and talk to him. I ain't never seen nobody so happy and his passion. He was as passionate about the animation and what he was doing as he was basketball. Yeah.


And I can see why he wanted an Oscar and I could see why he was gonna do big things in the film industry because that same passion that he had, that same burning desire, that unquenchable thirst. He had it for that. Yeah. And that's why, that's why people are success. That's why a lot of times people that are, that are are like professional athletes or people that are successful in one business become successful in other business. Because when you are passionate about something, you're passionate about it and you go all, you go all in. And so when you passionate about something, you don't concerned about the hours that you gotta work. You don't, you're not tired from doing it. You just doing it because that's your passion. That, and you, you, you, you feel that my passion will be rewarded at the end of the day.


I don't know when, ain't no time in there. No, no one month or no five months, no year to all I know is that this hard work is going to pay off. And You know, You know what el when it comes to, when it comes to stuff like, when people love opening businesses or like to say, oh, I wanna open a business or I want to do something, but one, they looking, they're looking for a quick turnaround too. Huh? Looking for a quick turnaround. There's no quick turnaround to success at all. It never be. No. Those that take shortcuts, it's short-lived. It's al it's always short-lived. But when you're passionate about something and you are willing to put the work in, even if it's a slow process or it's a slow grind, whatever it is because you're passionate about it, You know, at some point that work is gonna pay off, gonna pay off. It always does Joe.


It does. Everything you do, it always pays off. It might take a month, it might take a year. Hell it might take five, but because it's something you like and you continue to pour in it, and as you continue to pour in it at some point when you pour a glass and you pour too much water in the glass at what? At one point To do what? Huh? Overflow. Hey, listen, I I agree with both of y'all. I think, You know, as professional athletes, we have an obsession of what it is that we do, whether it's football, basketball, whatever the case may be. And once you done it's, it is hard to turn that off. So you take that obsession, you take it into the business world, whether you start a podcast, whether you open up a yoga studio or whatever the case may be.


And that's the thing that kind of keeps you going. You know what I mean? You, you, you understand what it takes to kinda get to that next level of what it is you're trying to do. And nope, it's not gonna happen overnight. It's gonna take some time, it's gonna take some nurturing. You gonna have to baby it, you gonna have to water it. You gonna have to have to watch it grow. And that's just a part of it. And You know, being a, as I used to be a professional athlete, that's the only thing I did. I went from the, went from playing ball, took, took everything I learned from basketball as far as having to heal myself and know how to take care of myself and just brought into the yoga world. And man, I've been running ever since, bro. Yeah. I like it. I like it. And You know, another small example too, uncle, I'm, I'm thinking about this too. We talking about passion, You know, and things that you like to do.


Yes. Hell, I love to talk. I love, I love to talk, You know, sometimes I don't, I don't make no sense in what I'm talking about based on the goddamn topic, but Well, let's take Nightcap for instance, right? Yeah. That cap. Shit, you hit me. I come to LA shit, if I love to talk shit being on Nightcap, oh it could ass perfect. Now we talking about journey, you talking about having a passion for something, right? Sometimes it's high, sometimes it's low, You know? Yeah. When things aren't going well, it's fine. Like I told you, we gonna weather the storm. That's It. Okay. There's a crack. Well, shit, we get some goddamn gorilla. Go nigga, pass that bitch up and you keep on going.


That's it. That's it. It's simple man. And, and boy it till the wheels fall off, man. We gonna keep rolling. Yeah. And to, and like most athletes, especially like when you good they have discipline. Yeah. And when you start a business, you gotta have discipline. Yep. A lot of it.


I'm Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good Company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi for a conversation that's anything but ordinary. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. How she's turning so-called niche into mainstream gold, connecting audiences with stories that truly make them feel seen. Would others dismiss as niche? We embrace as core? It's this idea that there's so many stories out there. And if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Get a front row seat to where media, marketing, technology, entertainment and sports collide and hear how leaders like Anjali are carving out space and shaking things up a bit in the most crowded of markets. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


All right, we will get outta here on this. Now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Hey Joe. The fact that you Think you can beat me in basketball the front. Yeah. I, I A matter of fact, hey, we gonna let your ass go. I enough said I'm done. Brody Barton said O Joe's tattoos have all the names he owe money to. You do owe people money. Ocho Hey, I don't owe nobody. I don't owe nobody money man. Nobody. I owe you 5,200. I'm gonna get I pro, I promise you I'm gonna get you your money. I promise you but 5,200 a lot man.


How I'ma pay child support if I pay you? Oh man, they ain't got nothing to do with him. Ain't gotta do me. I got, I got some bills I need to pay too. Yeah, I told you. Whatever you need. I Got Bill, bill Life. Tyson said Ocho is Soja boy. He did everything first. Hey, You know that true? That's true. That's true. King TL said, I believe Ocho, he walked with Dr. King salute. Dr. Frankie Bel said, Hey Fab Ocho. How you bet people you already owe money to where they do that at Hold Doc. That's what I wanna know. Hold on Doc. My bet. My bet was when Joe, Joe owed me a hundred dollars.


Why he tried to be trying To throw me in there. No, I'm just saying. But I'm saying Man, you about you at the gambler table. Hey, you at the gamble table? You, we rolling dice and lemme borrow 500 and you want, hold on, you wanna be borrow 500 for me and then bet me you gonna fade me. Hold on, let me, can I ask you something? Yeah. Can I ask you something and the people in the chat Yes. Y'all ever saw the movie The Gambler? Yes. Didn't he go back and ask the shark for more money after losing money already? See I ain't, I ain't, you can't go to the bank, borrow money, don't pay them back and then say, Hey, You know what, I'm gonna pay you back with this next loan you give me. Yeah, you, that's, that's why you gotta go to a different bank, a different location.


I'm gonna put the word out on you. Don't bet ocho triplex. I'm Saturday O-K-C-N-P-C will ocho pay UNC we'll see wolves and five he said wolves and five wolves and five damn Ocho Brody burn said WCF Ochocinco pinko deo your ex wolves in five finals. It don't matter. Aman Spiderman mission of man Wolves in six Kill move said top five.


N-B-J-N-B-A jerseys past or present? Jordan would be number one obviously. Right? I don't think they're talking about numbers. I think they're talking about like, like jerseys like the old school. Yeah, I like the old nuggets jerseys. I go old nuggets gotta go old Phoenix. The black jerseys older sons, sons, sons. The old black retro jerseys. It's like 2000. Yeah. I like the Miami Heat. I like the old the the the Vice city.


Yeah. Vice. Yeah. Miami Jerseys knives. What else? I know old 76 ERs. Yeah. Ain't nobody mention the Celtics or the Lakers. Man. Them j they Jerseys been playing. They ain't got nothing but they got, they got, I like the the if you wanna do the purple, I like the purple Laker jerseys. The city editions. They need to, You know, they need to do they need to have like, like the NFL be having throwbacks on Joe? Yeah. The NBA need to have throwback jerseys throwback. They with the old the old uniform. Yeah. Yeah. With the old Jerseys. Yeah. That'll be hard.


I like the Ns, the Ns Old Jersey with the stars on the side with the Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh Yo Joe, you remember y'all had what you call them, y'all had y'all nicknames that had the nicknames on the back of the jersey at what time? Nickname game. We played against the heat that time. Yeah, I remember that. I remember that NFL need to do that. Put nicknames. Yeah. They hadn't done that since they sold a lot of jerseys. Yeah. Sheldon Pope said was that a dirty foul on Kaitlyn Clark? Dead on Angel Reese? No, that was a take file. What you do? You know Angel Reese doesn't shoot free throws. Well nothing cheap. I'm gonna foul her. You want those two points? Go to the free throw line and make it.


Yeah. Yeah. I thought, I thought it was a good hard just a just a good hard good hard ass file. Good hard file man. We can't look guys, we can't make a big deal outta everything that happens between when these two teams get together. We can't, if, if, if, if Angel Reese filed her, it can't be Oh she did that 'cause she don't like her. If Caitlyn filed her, she did that. 'cause she come on man. We come on now. It was a hard file. Yeah, it was a good hard file too. Yes. And, and Angel got up and reacted the way she did. Like, what's wrong with you? Okay. Gave Caitlyn a, a flagrant one Angel and, and, and, and Aaliyah, Boston got, or a text.


We keep it moving. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it's not that big of a deal. It's good for I don't care. I yeah, I don't care what happens. Y'all not gonna make, I don't have to choose one or the other. I can like 'em both. Yeah. And I think people are trying to make you choose one. Well if you like Kaitlyn, you gotta hate Angel Reese. If you like Angel, you gotta hate Kaitlyn. No I don't. Yeah. Now Smith said, I promise you nobody's worried about the cowgirl. Same team that had the m talent two years ago with nine pro bowlers and got smacked by the Packers. True. Kepper Norwood Jr. Said my question. Start bench cut. John Elway, pate Manning Tom Brady.


Mm. I'm starting Elway. 'cause I ain't with nothing with them other two guys. Peyton played for the Broncos. I will bench him. Sorry Tom. You get you. Tom gotta go. Y gotta go. I'm loyal to the song. I pick the bro pick Broncos. I don't know. I don't know what y'all thought I was gonna do with seven. Y'all thought I was gonna cut? Bitch. Bitch, I'm gonna cut it. No, Casey Taylor say if You know ball, if You know Ball, this is a good one. Start bench cut. Ricky Williams. Clinton Porters a CA CJ 2K ocho.


Who you got? Ricky Williams, Clinton Porters, cj 2K. I'm starting, I'm starting CJ 2K. Okay. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a bench. I'm a bench. I'm a Vince Clinton and I'm a, I'm a I'm gonna cut Rick. Okay. What you gonna do, Joe? Say it again. Who was cj? 2K. I don't even know who that is. Chris Johnson play with Tennessee. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I do know who that is. Yeah, that boy, he was a bad boy.


Yeah, for sure. So you can start Ricky win. Cut. Ricky. William, what you gonna do Ricky, man? Yeah, I'm gonna go with, I'm going with Chris Johnson. Start Chris, I'm going, I got Ricky coming off the bench and I got the I got to cut CL porter Man. Cl Porter's bad boy, man. Yeah, I played with Port for two years. Cl Porter's a bad boy.


That's that's a tough one. Shavon Davis said what's good and Ocho currently deployed in the east. What's y'all favorite sitcoms of all time? Oh, that's easy. Sanford. Sanford. The Sun. The Sun and Good Times. Good Times Two and a Half Men. Hey wait, which, which Golden Girls. Which, which two and a half Men with Charlie Sheen? Yep. Oh, okay. Yep. Now remember what's the name took over after Ashton Kutcher? Yeah. Y'all say them y'all favorite sitcoms? Yeah. Good times and seven. And son Savage son. Good Times two and a half Men Golden Girls.


And I'm going Martin. Yeah, Martin Chris Prince. And I'll probably go Jamie, Jamie Fox, Fox. Big Mike said TV show Gladiators. Who will win between y'all? Mm. Y'all remember the gladiators used to come on. I remember Gladiators. Yeah, I remember that. I remember that gladiators. That was, that was dope. I watched the whole little backstory behind that too. Yeah. On the, on, on the stuff they had to go through. Yeah. Yep. Oh man, I, I dust ocho on some gladiator stuff.


Ain't no way. What? I know. I dust him with some gladiator. That man ain't man. Please. Hey Unc. Hey Unc, you laughing? A little bit too loud? Hey, can I ask you a question, UNC? Yeah. How Joe gonna beat me in anything competitive when it comes to gladiator sports, right? Yeah. And he, he had his own sport. Make it make sense. Joe said he a gladiator. Hey listen, glad football, Football's Football. That's a gladiator sport. Yes. Basketball. That's not a gladiator sport. I agree. It's not a gladiator sport, but it don't matter. I'm I'm But Joe say he a gladiator though. He not, he not If was a gladiator, he would play me one-on-one by now, Joe.


You gonna have to just, You know, you gonna have to dust the Nikes off and put it on in joke Joe. Timing is everything. Oh, I ain't even gotta dust these things off. They ready? I'm back. Yeah. I ain't say, Hey Joe. Say the season about the start from he ready. Alright. Right. Listen It sound good? Yeah. Okay. So think about this. How about this? Huh? Joe? You play, you play the two right Now. I play whatever you need me to play. What's up? So I'm saying that me and you was out, let's say we was at the heat, right? Yeah. Hypothetically speaking. Okay. And it came down to me and you on the heat wanting to keep Yeah. Wait, who you thinking they gonna cut? They cutting the shit outta you. You got no Oh.


I go talk Topo and, and and Mickey them. They cut you right off. Do it Ain't even a thought. Hey, think about, hey Joe, think about this Joe. How Pat Riley gonna cut me? He know I'm gonna give him 28 off the bench every night. Nah, he ain't going. He ain't, he ain't dealing with that foolishness. You bring Ocho. He not, pat ain't dealing with, he ain't. Look they got, they got pre-practice practice. They got something before the pre-practice I played. I'm good faith. I'm gonna be at all of them. I look, listen, I have, I have a passion for the game at any game I'm playing so I'm gonna be at practice. I'm gonna be the first one in, last one out. That's how I approach the game. Now I'm gonna have a little fun while the game going on.


No, you can't have no fun down there. Ain't gonna be no fun. What you mean you gonna have some fun while the game's going on? Like when I play the game, I play like Jason Williams. I'm passing the ball off my elbow and all. I ain't ain't going. I ain't going. Alright. Right. Alright. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite dunk. Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host who guy is swiping his, wiping his forehead. It must be really hot in Texas. Nah, that's Hot young. I'm at the cigar bar. I mean he smoking. I'm telling, Hey, catch a flight out here tomorrow. Please make sure you hit that subscribe, but please make sure you hit the like button and our basketball correspondence.


Joe Johnson, Iso Joe Arkansas alum, little Rock Native Joe, again. Great job. Thanks for joining us. Please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys. Thank you for listening. Thank you for watching, for downloading, sharing, whatever the case may be. OCHO and I now, Joe, we can't thank you enough for your support of Nightcap.


Please make sure you check out Shaa ba la portier, the best testing VSOP on the market. If you can't find it in the city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsible and stay safe.


Go follow my media company page on all of it. Platform. Shea, Shea Media and my clothing company 84. With 84 being spelled out, the link is pinned in the chat. Suppliers are limited in once they're gone. They're gone.


Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour on sale, Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, yc, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. Do shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now and support UNC ocho, the Thunder Advanced Advanced to the Western Conference Finals.


Thanks to a 1 25 93 victory over the Denver Nuggets. Shave was sensational. 33 points, three steals, three or four from the three point line plus 32. Jaylen Williams also tripped in with 24. Chet Holmgren had 13, but Alex Caruso did a great job to play the boxing one on Yoic and he did a great job of harassing him. He had 11 points in 26 minutes plus 40 plus minus they advanced. First game will be Tuesday night. Don't only play Tuesday against Minnesota Tuesday night against the Minnesota Timber Wolf for a chance to advance to the NBA finals to take on the winner the next Indiana Payon.


Thank you guys for joining us and we'll see you. Hey, We going. Hey Joe. Hey Joe. Come to come to Houston tomorrow. What's going on in Houston? Hey, I'm gonna bring you to the den. We can, we can smoke as a garden and we can go play. We could play one-on-one at the Rocket arena. We gonna gonna, we gonna do that another day? Ocho, There you go. There you go. Ducking. There you go. Ocho ocho ocho. I got things to do. I Can't come. I tell What I told you. Gonna make excuses. Why No. Look, y'all gonna be in Atlanta soon. I'm I'm gonna catch you. Yeah. And then come to Houston is right down the street. I'm trying to take it to Eric. 29 Ocho. I ain't got time tomorrow to come tomorrow. I can't do that. We busy. Well, I tell you, boy, I'll tell you, boy, thank you guys for joining us.


I on, he's Ocho. He's Iso Joe. Thank you guys. We'll see you on Tuesday. I see y'all Tuesday later. The Volume.


I am Michael Casson, founder and CEO of three C Ventures and your guide on Good company, the podcast where I sit down with the boldest innovators shaping what's next. In this episode, I'm joined by Anjali, so CEO of Tubi. We dive into the competitive world of streaming. What Others dismiss as niche. We embrace as core. There are so many stories out there, and if you can find a way to curate and help the right person discover the right content, the term that we always hear from our audience is that they feel seen. Listen to good company on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or ever you get your podcasts,


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.