
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC Terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book and officials sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Colorado Buffalo beat UCF 48 21, excuse me, the buffaloes were 14 point underdogs, improved to four four and one two. And on the big 12, Travis Hunter caught a touchdown pass. Intercepted a pass in the same game for the second time in the last three weeks. Excuse me, it's the fourth time in his three year college career that he's done that. He struck the Heisman polls after he picked off KJ Jefferson with a diving interception in the third quarter. That's he was, he was transferred from Arkansas, right? KJ Jefferson, wasn't he at Arkansas last couple years? Ocho speaking of now it's time for money moves presented by DraftKings. Travis Hunter.


Have we moving up? We, hey, we, hey we moving over up like the Jefferson Travis Hunter now has the third best Heisman odds. Jalen Millrose from Alabama plus 2 25 is number one. Cam Ward Miami plus 500. Number two Travis Hunter plus seven 50. Number three, Dylan Gabriel, Oregon plus 1200. He's four. Statistically Hunter has put up elite numbers at receiver. He ended the weekend ranked fourth nationally in receptions. Yeah, sixth in receiving yards tied for fourth and TD catches with five.


He caught nine passes today, 89 yards and a touchdown and grabbed one of well, the best covered corners in the game. Colorado came from behind with a win over Baylor last week. Hunter had the game winning for his fumble on the goal line Hunter played 128 snaps on Saturday. According to Fox broadcast, he's averaging about 130 snaps per Game. Listen, when we talk about Heisen, right, there's so many different factors that go into it, but what Travis Hunter is doing, it needs to be taken into account. This is something special. There are very few players that, that are able to play on both sides of the ball. There are very few players are able to play on both sides of the ball and affect the game on both sides of the ball.


The fact that Travis Hunter is able to do both, it speaks volumes. This is no disrespect to Cam Ward, this is no disrespect to Jaylen Monroe and what they're doing quarterbacks, most of the time they always win the award based on what they're doing. Always. Yes. But what Travis Hunter is doing this year, it needs to be taken a little bit more serious, a little bit more serious. I don't think people really understand, especially those that are voting. I don't know who did the goddamn odds, who's doing the goddamn odds. Draft King no matter what, based on what he's done so far this season already he should be first. He's affecting both sides of the ball. It's, it's not unheard of. It's been done before but hasn't been done before like this.


At this level, no. The way he's doing it. The intercept. No affecting the game. Winning the game. The fumble on the goal line at receiver. Putting up up good numbers, Charles, Come on man. Oh Joe, they keep, Charles Woods did play offense. Yeah, he did, but he did not play offense every, he didn't play if they had 70 snaps, he wasn't playing 65 of those snaps. Right. He had a package in which he played and he played extremely well. We're not gonna minimize Charles Wilson. He did. He became the first defensive player to win the Heisman, but he did not play as many snaps on the d offensive side of the football.


As Travis Hunter is playing, he's coming outta the game. They're running 75 plays and he is only missing two or three of those plays and he's missing five or six snaps on the defensive side. So basically he's playing all but nine, maybe 10 snaps in a game. Unheard of un of. Yes, But young, young bull conditioners out this world, young bull. Listen, much respect to Travis Hunter. You know, I know you gonna see this. I already gave you a message I have my Shay on, so I know you gonna get this message. If I don't get that DM with that jersey, I'm telling you Monday, FedEx, I I don't want, I don't wanna hear nothing. I don't no excuses any I money. It's coming straight to me. Coming straight to me.


Period. Hey, good. They, huh huh Joe. This was the most complete game they ran the ball that I've seen them play maybe since Prime has been there. The ability to run the football the way they protected Sha door should do it through the football. The way they, the look, they got some, I mean, late in the ball game, UCF ran the football, got some plays, but I thought they did a great job of containing him early on in the ball game, doing enough to disrupt his rhythm. I mean, I, I don't, I I don't when I look at him, but I I I don't think they should have ever been concerned about his ability to throw a football. He's more dangerous with his legs than he is his arm.


But I thought this was the most complete game, the way they dominated this game they got after the quarterback. They did a great job of protecting Shado. Shado did a great job of throwing the football, but I thought this was one of the more complete ball games, if not the most complete. Right. I'm talking about when you look at running, growing, stopping to run, getting after the quarterback, defending. I thought this and it was on the road. Yeah. I thought see you played what Hell of a ball game. Yeah. Yeah. They, They played really well. I'm about, I'm happy for Prime. I'm happy for Prime. This is what, one more week you get to, you get to keep 'em off your back one more week. You get to keep 'em off your back and show, listen, they formed one this year.


They formed one so far. You know, a lot of people say they wouldn't be, wouldn't even be in this position. What I like, what I like for Prime is improvement year to year, the improvement year to year. All they need is a little time. All they need is a little time to get the right, the right people, the right dogs in here, you know, and next year it's gonna be even better and it's gonna be continue. It's gonna be a, a gradual build. Nothing overnight, a gradual build and then improvement is there. We can see it. Yeah. Well it had to be OCHO for the simple fact that man, they went one 12. Yeah. And y'all expect the man to go in there and go to the, and to go to the damn Rose Bowl or the damn Peach Bowl.


His first year in the after team went one to 12. Where have they ever done that at? Nowhere. And oh, he all hyped. I mean, coach Saban didn't, coach Saban didn't win. No 12 games. His first game, his first year there hyped My ass. It's going take time. And Coach Saban had a bunch of four and five star recruits. I'm not so sure how many four or five star recruits Prime had before he got to Colorado, But it's gonna take some time. But I was very impressed with the way they played today. I mean, if you look at O show, they had 14 points in the first quarter. They got 13 in the second quarter. They got another 14 in the four, third quarter was another seven. So they were complete. They didn't take their foot off the gas. They did an unbelievable job today of running a football.


I thought they did a better job of protecting the football. I thought they'd did a great job of getting after the quarterback, attacking the line of scrimmage, did a good job in past coverage. There's nothing, you know, look, I'm sure Coach Prime said, hey, I'm, I'm pleased with the win, but I I, I heard Coach Sabert said, you know what he said to win and play poorly is a kiss of death. I said, the way it was explained to me, you never accept anything in a win you wouldn't have lost. But people don't understand that because you know why? They just, Hey, we won the ball game. You can't let your players accept that type of attitude because that will get you beat. It Hurt. That'll get you beat. I don't want, oh Joe, I don't wanna wait till I get beat to get your undivided attention.


I wanna be in a situation where I can get your attention that way. We don't be in this, find ourselves in that situation. Well, I tried to tell y'all this was gonna happen. Now maybe you'll listen next time. I love, I love what Coach Saban said. I love the way Prime Prime said we can't be, we can't be happy with just winning. That's not good Enough. Yeah. Who they, who they got next on who they got next. Who Do they play next? They got in at Kansas State or at home? They're home against Kansas State. Kansas State. Really good. They good. They really good. I wanna Go, I wanna go to the game. You think? You think I can get a ticket? Yeah. You call Prime You can get you one. Oh, I'm about to go to the game. I hope it's cold too. So I can put on my Dickies, my little Dickie overalls and my, my hoodie and my, and my Tims.


Yeah. Travis Horner wore a bland t-shirt after Richard Sherman comments. There was a lot of buzz on social media about some of the pre-game interaction. We got that picture. What we got. What Richard, what wem Do we Got? Richard Sherm said about Buddy. We got, we got Sherms. Okay. Okay. He said he, he, he, he was saying that his skills of defensively right second to none. He, he, he's a true corner. He has tremendous instincts, great ball skills. But he said that he was bland as a receiver.


I get what Sherman's saying that he's not a like, like Chase and Jefferson polished receiver. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. That's what he said. Like he's an athlete player receiver and because he's so much a more athletic than a lot of people that's defending him, he's gonna make a play. Okay. Okay. I understand. He offense, offense to Offense. I think, I think Coach, I think Time put Shem and, and and Trab in contact with each other and they were able to have a conversation. Look, he says as a receiver, I just think he's kind of bland. Sherman a former NFL cornerback. Remember Shem was a wide receiver.


He, he got, he went to Stanford as a wide receiver. He ended up moving to a defensive back said on the Lions, Ima Brown podcast St. Brown as Sherman, if he thinks Hunter can play both wide receiver and cornerback in the NFL. Sherman said hell no. You know that right? You're talking crazy. But there's been a lot, there's been a lot. You and I think yes, he can play packages. Yeah, but nobody, I don't believe anybody think he's going to play every snap on offense? Every snap on defense. Nobody believes that. Do we believe that he can be a defensive back and have a package of plays on offense?


Yeah. Yes. Yes. Because we've seen it before. We seen Prime do it. Champ Bailey, Charles Wilson, there been a couple guys. JJ Watt had a couple of packages as a defensive lineman. Yeah. But to play every snap, so the NFL say to try to play 120 snaps in the NFL game. Woo. But listen, you'll have to have the endurance of the ethio of, you know, the Ethiopian runners. So the 50th. That's the kind of endurance you're gonna have to have. But when I, when I think about it, I mean when, when, when I think about Travis Hunter and how special he is, even at the, even at the, the receiver's position I under, I I, I understand what rash Sherman's talk about in a sense. But I understand. I'm also understanding how much work and how much time he has to work on this craft from a receiver standpoint.


He's so athletically gifted. Once they sharpen up all the tools, man, it's a wrap. If he getting drafted, he has to get drafted as a wide receiver anyway because that's where the money is. That's what the money I, I see Travis Hunter being, I think forget the money Ocho where do, where forget the money. Where can I, where can I thrive? Where's my best chance to be the most productive player I could possibly be. I don't, I think it's on the side of The ball. Don't like that. Don't he gotta he gotta play receiver on, he gotta play receiver because you gotta understand the money's on the receiving end now. And then the packages, the packages at the db boom, they got to give you like ano a, a little bonus for that. Oh Joe, you think Hold on, hold on.


What packages He gonna, I'm saying when he, when he get to the NFL, he gonna have small packages like at nickel he could beat, he could beat the nickel on third. I I bet, I bet you he'll play more snaps on defense and offense and I bet he gets No, no, No, no, no, no. Listen, listen. As his agent, as his agent, he probably ain't gonna hire me. But as his agent, I'm telling him, man, buddy, man, listen here man, lemme tell, lemme tell you something. You wanna play receiver, you got receivers making 30 million a year. So by the time it's time for you to get paid, you talking about 45, maybe 50. And matter of fact, they gotta pay you 50 'cause you play both sides of the ball. We can integrate that into your contract, you know, and, and, and, and. Okay.


And you know the fine, the fine print what you, what you talking about? Nah, you don't, You don't End. They, they underpaid. I'm, look, I'm just looking at it from a skill set, right and where his skills are right now. He's a much better defensive back than he is or what? Receiver I don't agree With you. Okay. I don't, I don't agree with you. Sim simply for the fact that what he's doing on defense is instinctive based on watching film and knowing what's coming as opposed to looking at what he can do at receiver At show. Lemme ask you question. How many, how many comebacks have, how many comebacks have you seen him run?


Huh? How many comebacks have you seen him run? Well, I'm, I'm I ha I Out. What you mean? You have a, that's a wide receiver and you haven't seen in Whoa, Wait, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Don't don't, don't jump down my throat now I'm on, I'm on on What I seen. I just asking. Normally receivers gotta run. Comeback. Go ahead. You can probably run comebacks. I've, I ain't him make play Ocho. I ain't say probably. I said Ocho, how many comebacks have you seen him run? Well maybe they don't have comebacks in that offense. Come on now. You asked me how many comebacks have I seen him run. Well if they don't have comebacks in the offense, what you want me to say? I, I ain't seen Him. How many, how many digs? Oh, I Didn't seen him run a dig. I've seen him run the dig and come out the back door. Yeah, okay.


Yeah. Alright. I seen him take, hey I seen him, I seen him run, catch a slant and reverse and reverse field and come back out. He ran the at Oh Joe, I'm just saying looking at it, studied for the, since he's, since he's been at Colorado, watched him a little bit at Jackson State. 'cause a lot of, when they came on the SPNI would pay attention. But watching him, I think his skillset for DB suit is far superior. Far superior because like I said, he's a natural db. He ocho he could just, he he just roll out of bed like, hey, I got old boy right here. His back, his backpedal, the way he can backpedal and the way he can transition right now, you know, in order to play receiver, these guys are choke you out here if you can't release.


Oh, See that I don't, I don't know about, I don't know, I don't know about that part of his game. I don't know about that. His ladderal movement, his, his, his ladderal movement is, He seems like a long strider, right? Yes. He he tall, he taller than you. He like six Three. Yeah, we could work on that. We could work on that. He Tall, he taller than you Think he could work on that. He come, he come train with me, train with me for three months. Man, listen, I, I get him open in the phone booth. I get him open in the phone booth. Six. All we gotta do is shorten up your gate, shorten up your steps and once, once you, once you, once you get, once you get out that dead area off the line, then You can open up all you want. I just, like I said, I, I, I think he's phenomenal.


He's as good a, a athlete that I've seen with my own eyes and I've seen some pretty good ones. Like I said, I'm a year young. I was in the year, came in the year after time and so I watched him and I was in the league when Bo was in the league. There are two of the greatest athletes, you know, when You can play a professional sport. Two Yeah. Baseball and Football two. I played three, but go ahead. Yeah, I'm with you. I mean everybody in the NFL played true sports. Three sports in high school, but to do it professionally, Right? That was me. Yeah. So it's, it's unbelievable. Like I said, I, I I, I, I, I, I just, I just wanna see him. I think he's better suited at the end of the day, he's gonna, I don't think he has to make a decision.


I think, I think team's gonna help him make that decision. They're gonna say, son, we're gonna give you some packages on the officer side of football. Oh. But I think see Ocho you are looking at it from a pure monetary standpoint, right? That's important. I'm looking at it's, I'm looking at it from the best. Look for me a monetary standpoint, hella wide receiver. But where could I make my bones? What could I be the best at tied in? Man, I'm telling you man. I'm telling you. I I've seen Now See, here's the thing, I I give you an example, Ty. Now if he had tyres speed, I was like, okay, you're right. He Don't, you don't have to have that kind of speed. That's, that's necessary.


But No, but guys that don't have that kind of speed, what can they do? And tell the people at home for guys that don't have Tyreek speed and they play wide receiver, what can they do? Ocho you couldn't touch him in a phone booth. Right? They, they're technically sound. There's a reason why Steve Largent, when he retired had all the records he ran four seven, but he was a route running technician. Hold on guys that can't, that aren't speed merchants. They can run the route tree and make every route look the same. The release, the slant looks just like the quick out looks just like the smoke look, just like the over look, just like the end, the Comeback.


He fast though. He, he fast. He four three, he he four three. And if you're not four three, he will be, by the time it's, by the time in draft time, like four two is great. That's a, that's a great tool to have in your toolbox, but you don't literally have to be full too to be effective. Look at Justin Jefferson, look at Jam Mark. Chase. I just, I ocho you're talking about elite receivers that run routes. You just said you haven't seen him run the whole tree. Oh, I, I haven't because it's not a part of their offense. Their, I mean their specific offense. But what I do see him do I know what he could do when he get that ball in his hands. I know that. Yes. Ocho do you know Ocho you know how good these dbs are.


Right? If you are not, if you can't consistently release. Right. Oh yeah. They'll eat you. They in your cha right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can we gonna work on that? We gonna work on that. I got you. No, we got, we got. Oh. But, but I'm, that's, that's what I'm saying. But I don't know even if his releases will ever be where his DB skills are. Some things he just got just God give, Just God give him right out the bed. J He just, hey, he just woke up. God made that ang that long angular body. Right. Right. He could be fluid, he can back because normally, you know guys that are corners that are long, you know, it's hard for them to flip the hips.


He can flip his Hips natural. Natural, He can flip his hips and that's what you gotta be able to do, Ocho, because you gotta be able to turn and run. Yeah. You gotta be able to turn and dry. You gotta be and come forward. Hey but hey, well you know I used to give him hell boy back in 87 boy. Huh? Shit, I know what you're talking about. Listen, Hey, but, but Ty and, and I and I and, and I, you know, I told and Time said this time said had I just like focus like on being a wide receiver, just focused on that. I could have went to Hall of Fame and he could have, because he had that kind of sleeve. You gotta realize the time is too, too Oh, Oh. Easy.


Looked like he ain't got damn running damn near sometimes. No, he, it didn't, it didn't but he could fly. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite. Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.