
You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to different places for listings, pre-approval and financing. But Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof, every home at one address. rocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Rocket on the dream


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks, or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


PayPal Lets you pay all your pals like your graduation gifters. Who's paying for the mattress topper? You mean the beanbag chair? Aren't we getting a mini fridge? Can we create a pool on PayPal? It lets us collect the money before we buy. Ooh, yes, that's smart. Glad we can agree on something. Easily pool split and send money with PayPal. Get started in the PayPal app. A PayPal account is required to send and receive money. A balance account is required to create a pool.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


The Volume


UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all blitzing glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any other action at DraftKings Sports book. The official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knights of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evenly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighting to win and make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the Octagon with DraftKings Sports book. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only with Jab Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and suites details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Hello is your favorite on Shannon Sharp? And I'm a row customer and a row partner. There are certain situations in life that you like to speed up your commute. Long line slow walkers. Another thing you may want to speed up, it's full erections waiting for a full erection when you want. One is the worst. Rose Sparks is the answer. They hit the bloodstream faster because they dissolve under your tongue. And getting hard faster means there is no more wasting time to perform after Rose Sparks dissolve. They work in about 15 minutes. On average, Rose Sparks stays active in your system up to 36 hours. So you can go back to back to back a three feet round after round after round. Be ready in the morning. Road connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. There's no more awkward conversations with in-person providers if approved treatment ships directly to their door. If prescribed new sexual health patients get $15 off your first order of sparks on a reoccurring plan, connect with the provider@ro.co slash Nightcap to find out if a prescription role sparks are right for you. That's ro.co/ Nightcap for $15 off your first order. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not. If FDA approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing reviews. For full safety info, go to ro.co/safety info.


On April 18th, centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha picture event of the year. Quinn Brothers Smoke and Stack both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


Luka says the Lakers have the team to make a title run ocho. Do you believe it? Abs I absolutely, absolutely. He's supposed to say that. Huh? He's supposed listen. If he was able You said Luca right? Let me, let me let make lemme make sure I I I get my, my bearings right. Yeah. Luca said that, listen, If Luca said it for a reason, he already did it with Dallas. He already did it with Dallas. And then he has the greatest player of all time, You know, playing alongside of him. If you get everybody else to contribute and the bench shows up when they need to show up, there's a possibility it can be done. Now I think one of the issues that we're gonna run into, like I'm talking about we listen, I'm a he fan. I'm just saying we for continuity based on talking about the legacy and what Lu had to say, if the bench shows up, I think the only issue we will have is the fact that they don't have a big Huh.


And depending on who they play, styles and matchups are very important in the seven game series. Very important. They don't have a big, Minnesota doesn't have a big that you could, like Rudy Gobert is not gonna hurt you because they don't have to run plays. Now you're gonna have to keep him out the glass. Yeah. Because he can rebound and give you a second chance opportunity. It It is that, that might be a problem. 'cause we don't have nobody. Who do we, why do I keep saying we goddammit, who do we have that can do that though? Jackson, From Having sex, second chance. Second shot Chances. Jackson Hayes. That's my, that's my dude and You know that's Coach Hayes son. Huh?


What Coach Hayes. My tight end coach for the Bengals. Oh, is it? Yes. You didn't know that? Jonathan Hayes? Yes. That's his son. I didn't know that. Yeah, I played the league I was with, he was, I, if I'm not mistaken, I think he was at Kansas City when I was in the league. Yep, Yep. Yeah, the co I didn't know that. Matter of fact, I got the picture where I got the picture with, with with, with Lil Hayes. Right. He was about, he was yay high. I'm talking about short. Right. I didn't know that. Ocho Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Matter of fact, I, I only knew because the same night when the, was it the Lakers played Philly when? Yeah, when God damn Pat Beverly was there.


Yeah. Pat Bev was coming over to talk to me and, and Jackson Hayes came up first and it pissed Pat off. So Pat walked off And I looked, I'm like, wait a minute, why would you, you And I ain't know he was in the NBA. He's like, yeah. I asked him how Pop was doing, pops doing good. I was like, man, that's crazy. Is he still, is he still in Cincinnati? He not coaching from Cincinnati Either? No, no, no. He not in Cincinnati. You know Zach Taylor that makes a completely different staff. Completely different. Top to bottom. Yeah. But I think it's gonna be a great, I think it's, look Luca, LeBron and ar that should be plenty of offense. Yeah. Guys just gotta play their role.


You need a fan. Finny Smith. You need vandal when they come in, they need your a job that hey, a man gonna get his points. Yeah, but you just gotta make it difficult. You gotta make him exert himself as much as you possibly can on the defensive End. On the defensive end. Yeah. So that's gonna be on Luca, that's gonna be on ar. You gotta make him work. You gotta make it make him exhaust himself on one end of the court. You can't let him rest. He not gonna play LeBron. LeBron's too big. So somebody's gotta guard Luca. And so if I'm looking at the pull back up, oh, lemme see here. Pull something right quick.


Suka, they possibly put on Luca. Oh, mark Gore trying to figure who they gonna put on Luca. Nah, not that they want that game. Oh, here. It's right here. See what they can put on Luke. Ja Jade, Jade McDaniels. Well he can only guard one, right.


Julius Randall will probably take LeBron Jade. McDaniels gonna have to, to guard Luca. Luca or he's gonna have to guard ar and that means, what's it called? And man gonna have to guard the other one. Mm. I'm excited man. I'm excited. Listen, listen. Just sitting here talking about it, man, with you back and forth, man. You, you got want to actually be there in person, man. Because I think the chat, the chat would enjoy that. The chat would enjoy it. Just, just, just you And I at the game. I just thought, I I ah, man, I'm excited. I got, I got chills talking about it, man. Ah, I can't wait. Oh, it's gonna be a great one. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's gonna, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a great great series.


I'm hoping for a great series. Hopefully everybody stays healthy and, And you get the job done. But I don't think you can really, I think this is a, this is a great matchup. You got LeBron Luca And you got Ant Man. Yes Sir. You can't, you can't ask for anything more than that. Then you got a young star, you got LeBron. We know what he is in the playoffs. All the records for the, for the most part 10 NBA finals, four championships, four MVPs, first in point score, second of assist, You know, up there rebounds up there in block shots and all that. So this is a great matchup. I can't, can't wait to see it. Probably not gonna get kicked off before Sunday of next week.


I can see maybe Saturday. Maybe Saturday. But I'm thinking Sunday. Huh? Actually, I don't know. We ever, we haven't seen it yet. So. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Matt Eber flus handling of the infamous Hail Mary, loss of Lord Blake Bears players, Caleb, William reveal how Eberfluse handled it all at the time for that game was I think one of the things that throughout the locker room people talked about and were annoyed by Annoyed Eberfluse had a hold on. What about the DB that was joshing around with the fans. The fans? What, what about the culp? What about the, what about the accountability of the flares?


Right. If he was where he was supposed to be, see, play that, that's what annoys me about this, these millennial DGZ, right? Is that they, they want to absolve themselves of responsibility. Yes sir. Accountability. Yes sir. Now we see the guy, he's over there doing this, the play is going on. He's making fun of the people and the fans who have no impact on the game. Game At all. Right? And then the quarterback blame the head coach. Listen, I a a unc You know how it is in situations like that. We go over all that on Fridays, huh?


Don't we? Yes. We go over every scenario possible on Friday, just in case it happens. So lemme ask you this. Do hey, do what you do, what you do in practice, just, And the one thing that we didn't do is that when we run those flows And we practice Yeah. The guys on the defensive side Yeah. They're not messing with the people in the sand. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. So Caleb, we, you don't mind me asking, so what responsibility, what was that? Was his last name Stevenson? Who was that? DB number 25. So I just wanna know, I just wanna hear him say what? Kyrie Stevenson. Caleb Williams as a guy, two guys that played in the NFL. What responsibility, what role did Tyreek Stevenson play in that?


I know you said there was things curating throughout the locker room that even flew when you lost that game. I just want to hear you say what role you believed played Right in that Now, now UNC was this said recently by Caleb Williams. What we not mis we not misquoting anything he said. Right. This is How ever how Eberfluse handled it at the time. Right. For that game, I think was one of the things that throughout the locker room people talked about and were annoyed by. Okay. Okay. Means, and listen, I I'm not sure how that's on the, on the coach at all. Because I'm sure when it's done in Fridays, in Friday's practice, whether it be walkthrough or whether it be full speed, I'm sure you're not messing around with the fans in the stands.


That's It. Ocho if he's where he's supposed to be, it Might, the outcome might be different. The might might, the outcome might be different. Now, there have been times where people have done the right way and it just so happened they got lucky and they caught it. You can live with that. I live with that. Live with it. But I can't live with this. No, absolutely Not. And that's what I'm saying. And see what I tell people, hard work doesn't guarantee you anything. Mm. But I believe it with, I believe without it you don't have a chance. Come on that. See Ocho, if I go by something And I work as hard as I possibly can and it doesn't happen. Yeah, it didn't happen. But when people have regret, if I didn't stay out so late, if I didn't drink And I on, I taking it more serious.


Come on Now. You could have lifetime. You could have a lifetime of discipline. You could have a lifetime of regret use wisely. Hold on, we Imma pen and pad that man. God, it damnit. Don't Do that. Imma pin Don't do that, babe. I can't, I I I can't wait. Say gimme, gimme. Come on. Listen, gimme that one more time. You can have a lifetime of what Discipline or a lifetime of regret. I I for you to blame the coach. When this guy, when you see the guy joshing around, the play is going on and then he is running as hard as he possibly can to try and then he's late.


He is the one that tip the ball and, and, and let Brown catch it. No brown catch it. Yeah. You're supposed to knock the ball down, whatever you do. Rule number one, knock the ball down. Damn man. Hmm. Yeah. I just, that that's what I, I don't, I don't get, I just, he look it's over with. Just, just move on. He came out better saying, Hey, look guys, that was, that was last year. Hopefully we're better in those situations this year. Right. We got a new coaching staff, guys are excited. I get a, that's my rookie year. Had some ups, had some downs. There's some things I can do better.


We will get better. We've improved in a lot of areas. We revamped the offensive line. Guys understand me, I understand them. Hey, I'm very excited about this season. But to talk about that play. Yeah. It's, no, it, no. Cool. I'll mention it. A player that should have been In position, I don't, I don't get down like that. Yeah, most definitely. No. Hey, and one thing about them bears, unc I, I could tell you this now. I would just to, just to finish on something positive that goddamn Kayla Williams and Ben Johnson, boy, the magic that they finna have and the chemistry they finna have. Yeah. Man. They Got, they got Roman Domey. Hey, they got DJ Moore. Yeah.


They improved that offensive line by Yes sir. Leaps and Brown Joe Toney. They signed a couple of guys. They got three guys in free agency. Listen, the offensive creativity alone itself, the bear's gonna be must watch nigga, they gonna be must watch. I'm excited. Yeah. I'm, I'm excited for 'em. I'm excited. But They don't have a choice. 'cause the choice in that division. Oh Yeah. Oh, The Packers in that division, right? Minnesota's in that division. Yeah. What Choice do you have? If you don't get better, guess what? You'll finish the last again. Yeah. Like you finished for the last several years. Hold on, let me use the bathroom real quick. On Hold on. Go ahead. On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B.


Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending, thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent. You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home.


You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task, or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the Dream Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats.


What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards in Nationwide.


And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report. Alright. All right, Chad, we got a very funny guy joining us tonight to talk about all things, all sports and whatever else he wants to talk about joining us. I don't know where he is joining us from. That look like New York in the backdrop of Chicago. So I go New York. Funny Marco. Yo. Oh, you can see me?


Yeah, I can see You. Oh yeah, this is my new condo. I'm in New York. Okay, go ahead on Ben. Do yeah, You know how it go. 20 Overlooking at me that little. Is that the Hudson behind you? Nah, it's, I don't know what it is. It's 20,000 a month though. Oh Lord. Yeah. Hey, hold on, hold on. Where you at? Where you at? I'm in New York. I'm in my condo. I'm in New York. Oh, okay. How much you said it is a month? 20. 20 What? That 20,000. I mean we just, it comes with our furniture and stuff. Oh, okay. That's A backdrop. That's probably green screen. Nah, it ain't, nah it ain't no green screen. Can I ask you a question? Yeah. Hey, get up and walk back then Get up there and walk back.


I don't walk around in my apartment like that. That What I thought is green Screen. Yeah. I don't wanna know if somebody breaking my house And you going like, you feel me? I just, I just, How you be? Somebody gonna break in your house if you paying 20,000 a month or a place in New York that got, they got guard, they got the door made. I'm, because I got two of them. So it's 10,000 a month. So I'm just say 20. I'll just sum it up. Okay. Okay. Okay. But she You Got two, two what a Month? No, my mama live next door. What's funny? Hey, hey, hey. What can I, what? A hundred dollars that you owed me, man. What's up Aunt Sean? What's up Unc? No. Hey, what's up? I not Marco, man. What hundred Marco? What the hundred dollars that you owe me bro? Why you calling him uncle?


Y'all the same age. Why you just saying him? Why you aint never asking him that? Why you calling him uncle? Like why, why are you ignoring me? Where's the a hundred dollars you owe me bro? You don't need it Marco. I don't want to, I don't listen, I don't wanna have to put no hands on you boy. Man, lemme get that a hundred dollars please. All I gotta do is call Harrison. Don't let me get Harrison on. Who, who You know about? What's that? Annie Harrison. What's the name? Who? James Harrison? Yeah. What was about the, And you just sit there and let him watch. You didn't do nothing. You was smiling the whole time, huh? You, yeah. You knew you. I'm The promoter. No, but I'm saying you did. You, you seen he was scared And you just watched it go back and forth. You saying scared.


Oh, you seen who was scared? No. You was scared of him. You a big dude scared. I don't care about nobody being big, man. Listen, you'll see. Hold on, stay with me real quick. You'll see when we fight Super Bowl week, we'll see who's scared. I know, but you ain't be scared to get beat up. Who get beat up? No. You, you scared to lose. I mean, I wasn't fighting. Why? What you scared of? I just got, I, I mean, I protect myself. You see? I'm going to, I you see where I live. I live in good environments. I work hard for myself. I mean, I work hard too. But you can't just let, you can't just let people because they being you don't, you not supposed to be scared of 'em. You gotta stand up for yourself. Cus here they, y'all cus you don't cussing nothing, do y'all? Yeah. We What, what you, what you gonna say Mary? You serious As hell? No, I was just, nah, I was saying I'm, You know, I don't do that cussing shit.


It's cool Man. Mark, lemme ask you this. Were you, were you funny growing up or did you stumble into comedy? Were you a class clown or did you prank people of, how did you, how did you stumble? How did you come into this role that you are now? Well, in school, well, I'm lesky. So wait, you what? You what? Iles I'm a struggle. You got away with word like Ocho.


What's funny? Hey. And you can spell that. No, I'm not. My bad. My bad. Okay. Okay. So you was dyslexic. My bad. And then what happened? I was just struggling in school and just, You know, once, once people pick on you for not being able to read or spell, you gotta find your way to get out of it. So I used to just try to find a humor and You know, if you, you ever heard of Popcorn reading Uhuh? Nah. Popcorn reading is where you like read and somebody pick you to read. So like, they used to gimme to read. So like, a lot of people used to pick on me and pick Me.


So did you, did you grade, did you get a diploma? Did you get a certificate? Participation award. So what happened? Yeah, it was what, it was five students in the classroom and a dog. Two teachers. Ms. Collins. Well, we, well we on here to speak our truth. For what? Yeah, for sure. I know. Wait, my bad, my bad. I'm just saying, what school did you, did y'all all graduate? Did y'all go to like school? How many people was in your classroom? Yeah, I mean I was, I was in a full class, a class of 42. What's graduate? What's a class? What's a full class? 42. 42 students. Dude. But I, but I changed, I changed class for every period. I'm your teachers focus on you with 42 students. I mean, it's a professor.


That's what happened at the university. No, but we have four students in our classroom. 'cause we can get like the teachers focused on the, the main people. Did you stay in that same classroom the whole day? Or did you change classes at any point in time? During the day? I stayed in the same classroom. We had two teachers. So they, they wrote Interesting. Why you say that? Well, I mean, normally, I mean, most, most When you Say normally, what do you mean by that? Because I like, Normally most students, they change classes unless, You know, there are some deficiencies. What does that mean? I don't know what that word mean. That means that, You know, you're deficient in certain things and they don't want you to get lost between changing classes.


So they just keep, they just keep you. Lemme ask you a question. Did the teacher meet you or let the school bus pull up? Did the teacher meet you there and walk you to class and they walk you back to the school bus? Or did they just let you off And you Was bus? I was the only one. I rode my bus. Oh, damn. I stayed in club. Huh? I was, I stayed in Cloverleaf Apartments in Kansas City. Okay. So I was always, and that's because I lived in a project, so, okay. I, I was, I got selected to go to that school. That's what my mama told me. I was Selected. How many recesses and how many lunches did you have in a day? We had one and then we had dog walk. Dog walkers. You get to walk the dog. Oh, okay. So what was, is that what No, at home.


Not in, not in school. Oh. What was your favorite subject? Lunch, nap time. I mean, I mean, You know, school was just, You know, it was fine. I gr I graduated. You did? Yeah. With a diploma or certificate? It was both. It was, it was in a plastic.


It was a plastic. It was le what's that called? Laminated. It was laminated. Oh, Okay. But You know, you have to have it laminated. They don't hand it to you laminated? No, they Hand it laminated with us And you open it up and they say, congratulations Marco Summers you have completed high school diploma. Oh, that's dope. Oh, you ain't, you ain't go to college, huh? Oh no, I ain't go. Nah, college. You know, college ain't for everybody. Right. And You know what, that's fact, the fact that you, You've been able to seems like school one for everybody either. Yeah. I know y'all only went the college because y'all was good at sports. Everybody on here. Let's be real. Everybody on here. Ain't that smart. Well, hold on. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That, that's, that's a fact. This is sports was my plan B I'm good at reading. I can read that one thing. Especially I got, I can read a Harry Potter book in a day.


So that's one thing that I am good at a Harry Potter book in a day. So that's one thing a lot of people I can, I am good at reading. Okay. Okay. Oh, okay. I I have a question. How did you go from trolling in Walmart to interviewing rappers and celebrities on couches? Like that? That's, that's tremendous for someone that didn't go to college for someone that didn't graduate college. Okay. How you read the notes. Okay. Okay. You ain't gotta add all that. Like I know. My bad. My bad. Okay. I'm just, just How did you go from, I mean, I, I I believe 'cause well, COVID time, it was like the city was shut down, so Right. I was out And I got, You know, I was interviewing people on the streets. Right. You know, And I was like, always pay them for their advice.


Like how did they feel about Covid? So I was the only one working during Covid, like time still doing, You know. So that was one big thing. So, and then, You know, with me being able to talk to like people out on the streets, it was just like opening the door And I was good at communication. Right. So, and then, You know, just getting a chance to talk to a few underground rappers and then it start going up and up, You know. See, I like that. I like that You just said condo right now New York, $20,000 a month. This condo I worked hard for. Mm. At what moment, at what moment or what celebrity was your breakthrough? Where it was Like, You know what, what I have going on and what I'm doing right now just might be bigger than just internet.


Funny. Where it's, where it's taking off to the point where you can afford a $20,000 a month condo in New York. Yeah. The one I'm in right now, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, well talking and getting to sit down with Nicki Minaj, that kind of like opened Oh, that took, that, that blew, blew, blew you up. Yeah, it was, it was scared. You know, like she a good part. I was just scared. You know what I'm talking to her, but Right. No, hold up. Nicki Minaj sit down with you and she won't sit down with me. Shannon. You know how you are. It's kind of hard sitting down with you. You know how you are when you sit down because you, how am I Shannon? You, you warm people up and then you just like, you, you, you hit 'em with it. Like, and then you act like, oh, I already know it. So like one thing that I don't No, but you really good at manipulating the situation, which you are great at what you do.


Right? Because everybody love you for it. Everybody watch your interviews, but you're really good at willing somebody in. You could be a detective on the show. Yeah, I like that. If 50 cent is watching this, he need to put you on par as a cop. It will be really good like that. I like, I like that. Hey, listen bro, yo interviews like your, your live interview. Is that real Gucci that you got on? What's that? You wearing this? This is Louis Vuitton. Is it real? Yeah, it's real. What? Yeah, what is it supposed to be? I'm saying, let me see the tag. I I know where you got that from. Nah. Yeah. Louis Vuitton and Bow Harbor. What about you? Nah, nah, but you say money though.


It ain't, it ain't, it's not because you cheat. Wait, it gotta money. Listen. I don't, I don't think you understand. I it is 2025 and I'm, I'm in a season of, of OCHO this year. I'm spending all year long. Okay. All year long. Why you ain't pay all kids money then? Why you ain't paying my hundred? That's a why. Why you pay my hold on, hold on, hold on. Because I tell Now you owe him $5,000. Why you ain't paying? Why you owe me a hundred? Let me get my hundred. Okay. Well we ain't talking. That's a little money. It ain't little money. It's the principle a hundred. And you need to go ahead And you need to go ahead and get your money. So that's, that's what we need to talk about. Okay. How about we do this? When you pay me my a hundred, I'll pay on his money. How about that? Don't put me in the midst of that fire. Yeah. I been think that really has anything to do with it.


Don't your one should not have anything to do with the Other. Listen, the fact that I didn't even know he was coming on here. The, but he owed me money And I ain't seen him since I let him hold that hearted. You know what, I never seen a baldheaded homeless person. Y'all do really good for y'all community. Who homeless? No, I'm just saying. No, I said I never seen like all Baldhead men do really good. We can't. Yeah. Shouldn't have you ever seen a bad Baldhead dude? Bad, like doing bad. Oh, okay. I see what you mean. Okay. Okay. That was the cock case. Every Baldhead dude, Michael Jordan, everybody that's baldheaded or is always like, they good? Yeah. Yeah. Steve Harvey. Okay. Yeah. You okay? I thought, I thought you trying to make a Yeah. DM XDMX. I'm Just saying everybody that's baldheaded, they ain't got shit to worry about.


Right. They, they stressed out their head The way brothers. Yeah. Yeah. You right. Hey, are you, you married? No, I, You know, I wanna get married but I see like, it just seemed like it's a lot of papers to read and stuff. I'm not really a reading type of dude. Yeah. But but, but hold on. Didn't you just have, didn't you just have a little one? Yeah, I did. Yeah. But me, that was a, You know, You know how that goes. You know. Wait, You Know, tell me You had a baby. Yeah, but You know how that goes. Why we you not, you not a virgin. Oh nah, I ain't a virgin. Why they, why they said that? I mean shit. Because I don't be speaking on shit, You know? Okay. I mean they, they did, they, I mean probably I need to go live so they know I'd be doing my thing, You know?


There you go. There you go Marco. See that was uncalled for. That was a, that was a low blow, bro. Well, I'm just saying. No, it had nothing to do with you. I'm talking to him. You talking. I mean, if the shoe fit nowhere, Hey, hey, congratulations though. You got little girl, little boy. I'm both. Oh, you got two? Nah, it's, You know, I just genders you can't just let, I'm gonna let her decide or him whatever. I'm gonna let them decide. Hey, I want to interview Bobby. Can you make that happen? I definitely can, but don't start no shit. You feel me? Please can we, Mr. Why am I gonna Start? I'm just saying, You know what you do. Look at your shirt, the Joker like, you, You know who you are And you wear your like, oh, it is all in your face.


Like, Hey Unc. Who is Bobby? Bobby? I talk. Oh yes. Ain't you, ain't you and Bobby Day? Nah, nah, nah, no, don't do that. I'm, I'm just saying. I saw, I saw the chemistry. The chemistry y'all had together. No. Yeah. No, we date. That's a friend. She a friend of mine. I gun. I saw the, I saw the chemistry. I know a friend mean what kind of friend? What are we talking about? I mean, you look who's talking because are you in a relationship or not? Me? Yes. Yeah, my girl right here. I Okay. Yeah. With respect. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know. I'm trying to figure out what you getting at talking about. I'm like a detective. Say I ask a question and I'll be surprised. I don't, I don't know what they're gonna say.


You be surprised, like when you, when you interview people, are you not surprised at some of the answers that they say? But, but the Quick Bank, what I feel like people, you're really good at throwing somebody mis into it. Like you would just add some shit about somebody that has nothing to do with it. You'd be Like, You know what I'm saying? Just prime example. You just be like, I was about to say something, but it is gonna, somebody can clip it and then it's gonna sound like, I Mean if I'm asking I, let's just say for the sake of argument, let's just say I'm sitting down And I'm talking to Michael Jordan. Okay? Let's say Look, can I give you example? Alright, let's go find Joe in there. Let's hypothetically Hypothe hypo, hypothetically speaking, right? Yes. We use a Fat Joe, which is, this is off of not real.


You like, when you sitting down talking to Lil Kim, you be like, so what do you think about Fat Joe Herpes? Do you feel like he should do something about it? And then Fat Joe caught a stray. You giving people strays. Oh. And, and then it'll get clipped Fat Joe's herpes get talked by little Kim. And then Fat Joe's like, what's going on? Why am I getting tagged in this? No, I ask, I was like, Hey look Kim, what is Fat Joe? Like what was it like to be in the studio with Fat Joe? What was it like to be around Puffy or or Biggie ref this Soul's? No, you, that's one. No, you don't do that. You have a specific topic. Mm. Which you are good with. That's why you have a, a very successful podcast because You know how to clip people. Mm. Because you would talk about Fat Joe Herpes. Can you say Fat Joe Herpes real quick?


No, fat Joe was good. Bad fat. Fat. Joe was fat. Joe was good. Fat Joe was unbelievable. Yeah. No, but I mean, he talked, I asked Fat Joe questions. He answered the question. He talked about his his son, his special needs son. Yeah, but I'm just saying no, we just don't any No, we not talking about on that interview. I just threw a name up there. Right? No, but I'm saying but see that that last part that you said was gonna get clicks that she sharp says this is about Fat Joe And I, fat, fat Joe that you said what you said about Fat Joe. I don't know what I said. Can you say it? What people try to get, what people say is that I ask a question. Yes, I ask the questions, but I don't know the answers to the questions. That's why I'm asking. I ask questions that I think that people, if my fans that are watching or listening, if they were in those shoes, they would ask those very questions.


Yeah, they would. No, no, nothing necessary. Chad, do you agree? I mean, I, I kind of, I kind of agree the point of having certain interviews or to ask the questions that people wanna know the answers to. And probably if they were in UNC shoes, those are the questions that they would ask knowing that that's what the people want to hear. Which, no, they're not bad questions. They're good questions because they're very successful. But some people feel like they called a straight. So for instance, if somebody trying to get out of that situation, you'll bring it back up, right? Like them. That's what it is. So that's where some people are like, damn, he brought it back up. So that's where things can get like, tricky. So, yo, your your, What about you break, what about you sharing dms? You bringing that up?


Who? Somebody Called us straight. Somebody text you something in confidentiality And you showing that. What about that? What that, what'd that say? Who was that? What that DM right there. Oh, I'm reading the chat. It says why is Marco the sexiest person on this live? Thank you. No, no, no. That's not what that DM say. Who is that from? Why is funny Marco? So good looking. Thank y'all. I'm reading the comments. Marco is so beautiful. Hey, chat. Who is the DM from Read? Yeah, read that. Read that DM Marco asking, asking question though. If, if honestly we all went out publicly And we was all single, do y'all feel like we take the money and Fame away? Who look better on here? Let's be real. I mean like, honestly like for real Scale of one to 10. Yeah. Scale of one to 10, what you rate yourself scale of one to 10. Be honest. I mean, don't play around, be honest.


I'm give my a 9.8 you and 9.8 on what scale? A 20? No one through 10, right? Oh no, Marco. Oh, I was talking about a scale of one to 10. Marco, y'all just got big muscles like let's take away the muscles. Alright, you take, I mean You put me on a No, I'm Marco. Scale of one to 10 what you rate yourself. I'm just, I'm just asking honestly all I mean honestly. Okay. Alright. 7.5 se 7.5. I mean, before with a haircut or after a haircut. I mean, You know, I'm, who's asking you? Nah, hell nah. I ain't asking. I'm asking, You know, like is all about confidence.


I just wanna make sure you confidence. It's not my type. I'm just saying you're not my type. Let's get that out the way. Whatcha trying to say? I just, you're not my type. I mean, I mean I, but Here's the thing. If we all went out, everybody knows who each of Us are. But let said let's take away the Fame. Let's take it away. Like


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan, return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending, thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, real-time insight and more all the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities. There's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Spring is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.


Hold on, hold on. Lemme get this right. If we gonna take away the Fame And we gonna walk down the street as is. I'm as muscular as I am now. Right? My personality is the same. The only thing you take away is the Fame. But your people skills are not good. Well, technically you just Said I get people to open up what? Okay, you do. But it is because people are scared of you. You are aggressive. Look at that. You see you talking, you are aggressive. Like I would be scared, like see that the only thing that saves you is you have a beautiful smile. Let's talk about it. But if you didn't have that, you are aggressive. Like people, what the Hell? What else you wanna think about? You were cut my head off too. Nah, it ain't that. What? And Chad. Okay, Chad Baldheaded. Some women like baldheaded people.


You know what I'm saying? All, all women. All women. All women. And, and the, and listen, my personality wins nine times outta 10. But you just look Like, You know how to tell women what they want to hear. So people are gonna bring in as a cat person again, you just have, You know how to work your, You know how to talk. Yeah. I'm, You know, listen, listen, I, I gotta get you. Well you got a kid so You know how to do something. I mean, yeah, but again, I just know how to DM And you And you be posting it. People be catching straight. They talking to you in confidentiality And you posting their dm. Who are the dm? I still don't know Who are the dm? Huh? I still don't know. All right. We gonna talk about No, we gonna talk about Usher. Okay. Okay. Hey all. I wanted to ask you something too. You've had Offset g Herbo, Booie, I mean stars like Lala on, on on the couch.


Who's your dream? Shout out to Lala. Shout out to Lala. Hey, who's your dream interview that you've yet to do? I say And I think, okay. I, I think Chris Tucker would be dope. Ooh, day Chappelle. That's a good one. Okay. You got Chris Tucker? I have, yep. He's one of my first ones, but I knew Tuck. So what About Day Chappelle? Why you ain't got Day Chappelle yet? Because he don't wanna catch it straight. Nah, I'm gonna get, I I I'm gonna have him on the show eventually. Yeah, I will. That's a good one. Hey, would you have, I got a, I got a list. I got a list of people. I got like five people that I think in 2025. Lemme ask You a question. If you could interview Michael Jackson, what was something that you could ask him right now? Like live, what would you ask Michael Jackson?


Shit, I asked Michael. That's A good one there, boy. Probably why wasn't Thriller enough? Break that down Because he drove himself crazy. Tried to replicate Thriller because Thriller, you have to understand that was Haley's comment. Most people will only see one Haley's Comet. He had Thriller a hundred mil, You know, at the time, 35 million hard copies sold. But everything that came after that, even though it was doing Diamond, which is 10, how many artists now, You know, the music industry, how many artists now would kill to have a Diamond, A Diamond album?


Hard copies. He had it bad. Was a diamond Dangerous? But it was a thriller. So you, and so he made himself, You know, it's like a, it is like a pitcher throwing a perfect game. And then he is like, he has one hitter, he has two hitters, he has the ERA, but he's like, it's not a perfect game. He still might just because he didn't replicate Thriller again. Did anybody think less of him? Right? I mean, prince, do you think less of Prince because he didn't, Can we compare this to football? As in like, let's say, let's take this in football terms, like getting football ring.


Like yeah, let's say Patrick, it is Michael Jackson. He wants more. Yes, but here's the thing, You know, you have to take it, you have to take it as a, a individual. So let's just say for the sake of argument, he, he goes to the Super Bowl, he wins and he throws for 300 yards. Now the next two sub bowl he throws for 150. And he is like, oh my God. Right? But he still Won. Those are great performances. They was in the biggest stage. So I'm, look, I, I knew I, You know, off the wall. I think, You know, as far as like musically, me personally, I like Off the Wall better than not. Commercially Thrill is the biggest album commercially.


But you go back and look at Michael's off the wall, right? It's a masterpiece. Yeah, but that's not what he thought. Yeah, I like it. So another thing, I feel like you the only person that can get 57 Ja Ruby sit down. Could you make that happen and try to Honestly, no. I'm the, I I really feel like you can sit them two down and also Bow Wow and Little Romeo. 'cause people feel like it was beef between them two. If you can get them two to sit down, that would be you. I, I Don't, I don't think there's beef between, I, I think the thing is, look, they're the natural comparison. They were young teenage guys young. But We need to hear them talk. But that's the thing. 'cause you get them two down and talk to them. So we get the history behind that. I can try.


I'm working, I'm working on another beef that I'm trying to, trying to patch up. Which one? Who's that? I ain't telling. Hey Marco, if you had the opportunity to host something like SNL, would you do it? Oh, you gotta read a teleprompter and reading is not mine. A fundamental, I'm not your strong suit. I nah. Mm. You know, don't say don't do that. Oh, don't do that. I didn't do nothing. You can't read? No. I can read. I told you I was gonna read the Harry Potter book in a day. So it's just, I read what I wanna read. You feel me? What I'm into. So you can't read a teleprompter.


They just gotta slow it down. How Slow we talking? You me? Just has in skill. In school. School. No, I mean, how slow does the teleprompter need to do for you to be able to be on SNL? Oh, probably about like 3.5. I just made that up. Yeah, because normally it's like 28, 30, 33, something like that. Yeah. Well you feel like, do you feel like unc you would be able to host, would you take the BET awards if they told you to host it? Maybe What you mean? Maybe, But see, a lot of times I look at stuff, I look at stuff as lifelong goals.


For me that's n being a host of, of, of something like that. S-N-L-B-E-T gr that that ain't never been No, no, no. We talking about Bt, BT said we want you to host these the hip hop awards. Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold on, hold on. Me Unc and Ocho, the host, the hip hop awards. Yes. No, no, no. I'm not. No, not you. Hey, come on man. If they ask you, if they ask you to host the BT awards hip hop awards, do you feel like that's something that you do? Or it's kind of like some jobs ain't for everybody. Yeah, but I'm not, I'm not like hip hop Though. That's what I'm saying. So you feel like you have to be like, understand everything, You know? Yeah. That's why, that's why we would do it together. It would be perfect. But you not hip hop either. We're not hip hop.


You not, I'm not hip hop. You not hip hop. Like you wouldn't consider like as a NFL hip hop player, let's talk about it. I am Look. Huh? You know, yout even born, you ain't, you weren't even born when I was playing. But Chad, you're not a hip hop type of person. You don't like, you're not hip hop. Don't nobody think of hip hop and think of Chad. Chad like, oh Chad, you're not hip hop. So when, hold, hold on. Right? When you think of me as a football player, what do you think then? I'm just curious. I just, I could like some, You know what I'm saying, like salsa dancing. Like, I could see you just more relaxed. Like you wanna be Scarface, smoke a cigar. Like calm, like you're a calm, like you, like you're not, you're not what, You know what I'm saying?


Like listen, when I, when I think of, when I think of hip hop, right? When I think of our culture, like I was, I was future before future. Does that make sense? Now I'm just old, I'm just older now. And, and my ways about, let's say this, okay, alright. Oh, when you think of hip hop name three artists, hip hop. That's overall, that's part of hip hop. Go at it on Like Drake Kenrick. No, no, no, no. We talking about your Tom. What's when you what? 70. Oh by Tu Are you, are you 72? 72 right? 68. Okay. You know I came, I came up in the, I came up in the era. I came up Rock him KRS one.


Who? Mo ll Cool. J Big Daddy Kane. I came up in that era. Yeah, Exactly. Okay, so Chad name, hip hop, three artists. When you say hip hop, my, my, my, my times, right? Is that, see that's what I'm saying. It's it night. I'm saying my times right during my time. But I'm saying why are you, I'm saying I, you knew what I asked you why'd you up? Like, You know you're not hip hop. What time? What era? Yo, I'm saying what is hip? What, what introduced you as a kid going through middle school? What is hip hop to you? Who is like introduced you to hip hop? Trick Daddy. See, that's what I'm saying. Trick man. Lemme finish man. Okay, I'll shut up. Trick Daddy. I'm obviously, I'm, I'm from Miami Trick Daddy Trina and Ross.


You just said my, do you see on how you win? You went through it New York? Like he went through Tri he went from New York. He, you just, you Hey, you just said in, when I was in middle school, I just told you when I was in middle school. Those crazy. But that's it more than that. I get it. You talking about where you're from? Like hip hop is worldwide again, it like he said. So, so in middle school, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. When you was in middle school, you were listening to hip hop Worldwide? Yes, I was listening to Worldwide Snoop Dogg. Let's say Snoop Dogg introduced, like I I grew up on him, right? Yeah. Y'all know Pat. Pat? Yeah. Who? Pat? Because You know what, well, like, actually it's a Sugar Hill gang in 1979 and that really kind of jumped it off. Yeah. Damn. And then you had, You know, Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five.


You had KR when you had Rock Him, and then you had the NWA, you had the, the public enemies. You had the LL Cool J made it cool. LL Cool J was a cool rapper. He could talk about getting the ladies and seducing the ladies and he wasn't always talking about smashing and smoking, drinking, smoking link, smoking weed, and drinking Lean ll made it cool, right? LL was a cool rapper. He made it fun, Right? So, yeah. But lemme tell you what, the ESP piece Oh, Shannon. Okay. The, if, if EFPN asked reached out and asked you about, now, now you're talking about something that UNC can get his teeth into. Hold On now. Now when you talk about them calling you, Now you gonna suggest I do it with you or you gonna do it by yourself?


Ocho I'm just telling, I was just playing what Marco was saying. Are you gonna do it by yourself or with him? Be it like the world is watching. What are you gonna do? Yeah. What you gonna do? I'm not, look that, that guys see those things interest you Ocho Those don't interest me. No, look, Listen, you said they asked me, we, we, we speaking hypothetically. Whatcha you Gonna do? Yeah, we come on Ocho For Yeah, there we go. There we go. Hey. 'cause I'm that, That, that doesn't me, I really only do things that I'm passionate about, Marco. If anybody that, anybody that knows Shannon, that's why I'm normally successful at the things that I do. Right? Exactly. Because I'm really passionate about doing it. And if I'm not passionate about it, I don't do it.


I don't have a whole lot of hobbies. Can you get, because there's not a whole lot of things I'm passionate about. Can You get Eminem on your podcast? Can you talk to him? Like, that will be big. A lot of people I can talk, talk to would be big. Hey, Hey Marco. And why don't, why don't you interview me? Who? Me? You heard what he Said? I don't, I don't know artist me. Who? I don't know who me is. I never heard of that artist. Can you interview Chad Johnson? I, what is it? You know, I like you a cool dude, but you're not, I don't, you're not my type. I don't wanna, You know what I'm saying? I don't wanna sit down and talk to you. No, I'm saying we good. Like you're a great person. You don't think, you don't think that would be funny because I'm talking. It ain't about funny.


I'm, I'm funny. It just, it's not about funny Man. Get me Bobby, you doing all this talking. Tell Bobby I wanna sit down with Bobby. Let Me call Bobby right now while we live. Hold on. Hey. Hey. Why you call her? You know what this is? Yeah. You know what that is? Oh, that's that thing that be on TikTok. The TikTok shop. Nah. Yeah. You, you ever took one of these? Nah, I haven't. I really don't need that. I ain't that old. She don't even answer your call. Oh yeah. You know shouldn't be happening. Hmm. How long y'all been together? No, that, but what did that pill do for you? You, Shannon? Y'all really be taking them pills, but Rose Spa? Yeah.


What? No, What you mean what it do You know, You know, you knew What you needed a knew. No, I'm saying, what did I, I'm saying do it like stand over last. You, you ever take an energy drink? Have you ever drank energy drink? I drunk. Yeah. 28 black. I have. Okay, so it give you a little boost, right? Yeah. Okay. There you go. Hey, listen, What happened? What if she don't want the boost? It it, this ain't for her. It's for you. And when she, she gonna like it. She was like, oh. But here's the thing, Marco, you gonna always, because if you don't do it all the time, she gonna say, Hey, I want you to bring that PP you had the first time we got together. Yeah. But then that's when you become addicted.


And now I gotta pop pills every time. That's exactly what I'm giving her. What you just said. Hey Marco. But I'm saying, why don't you get with somebody your age And you don't need to pop them. Whoa. Whoa. What, what we gonna do? Go to the doctor visit together. Hell want my age For you. Right? You right Marco, mark. Good. And you just take them like this, right? And you put 'em on your tongue And you let let it sit down. And you doing that with all of us on here though? Huh? Why you pop that? He might got something in the wings, mark. Oh damn. Listen, I'm popping live. I'm popping into that because the show more vocal. Listen, hey, if it's a a party full of dudes And you pop it like this, like it's this number of guys in here, like, no, you ain't gonna do that right now. I ain't over there.


I'm at home. I'm going upstairs and go to bed. I'm at I what don't y got going on. Nothing to do with me. I'm at home. I'm saying, I'm just saying. But you ain't gotta be. Yeah. Like, I don't, I don't even, Hey, hey. Tell us about, tell us about your facial journey. You, you've been posting out on TikTok. You've been telling about your journey. Oh yeah. It's just when you, well, I feel like being in the industry sometimes when you accept yourself, sometimes people find things to pull away from you. And that's what brings out insecurity of people. But once You know you're dealing with something, you gotta, and You know it's a problem, you can work on it yourself. But sometimes I feel like when you get in here, people pick on you and call it out and it can make people like, feel insecure and they don't know what to do. But once you accept it And you be okay with it, like, I know this is what I'm dealing with.


Just, it becomes a journey. But sometimes people hide it because people pick on you about it. So that's one thing that don't nobody ever, You know, tell you how to do it. 'cause nobody knows that you're gonna be who you are. Like we don't just pick like you didn't know you would be like, like the, probably the fifth, 58th best tight end in a row. You don't know that. But what I, but what I'm, But here's the thing, mark. Let, lemme ask you a question. So when you were growing up, obviously kids can be very, very cruel, right? They made fun of your skin, Right? But it never, and so at, at this age Now you finally decided, so okay, you got some money, you can go get it treated so that they tell you that they're gonna be able to treat it and you'll be able to smooth your skin out And you won't know that you have this.


I think it's ac what do you have? Acne. It's like, yeah, acne and es a So it's all that, You know? Yeah. 'cause my, You know, my mama was burnt and she had me, so I came outta that. So that's where the acne came from. That Ain't got nothing to do with it. Okay. That's not a genetic trait. Okay. Well, I don't know. That's what my brother told me. Okay. But, okay. So more importantly what I was trying to say is just something become a journey when you don't hide it. And I feel like being an entertainer, some people you can use makeup all the time And you can't use filters. But You know, you just gotta be truth to yourself and also show people. 'cause people can look up to you, eh, the same route. So sometimes never hide your journey.


That's what I learned. Just let it be that, You know? Yeah. Listen Man. So lemme ask you a quick, so how many, how many treatments did they tell you that it's gonna take? Or is it gonna be an ongoing process? It It's an ongoing thing. It's going, it's gonna be a while, but, You know, and also eating. I didn't know, like growing up on food stamps and stuff, we got a lot of snacks and my mama never really took us to the doctor. So all we did was just eat snacks all day. But some people don't know. They child, everybody can't eat the same. So the stuff I was eating Correct. Making me Weak, you're making it worse. Yeah. Yeah. So again, we just, from the hood and when you're from that, sometimes you gotta learn a lot of stuff. I was on a podcast And I recently said like a woman showed me how to love myself more. Because when you grow up without a daddy and your mom is just like working all the time, nobody there to show you that.


Yeah. So with that being said, I said a woman showed me how to like properly take a shower. People like, oh, you don't know how to take a shower? I'm like, no, it's not that. But nobody was never there. My mama just watch your ass and get out. And my daddy wasn't there. But when you get with somebody, they show you properly how to do it this way. Right. It start to show you to a man. That's why I said women are the best thing that you can introduce to your life or whatever your partner is, whatever you love. You know what I'm saying? Wherever they come from, they can show you a new steps. That's why it's always good to date somebody that's, You know, on another level that can improve you. Not just with money, not just for what they got, but tt about to take a shower. Okay. I like that. Don't say now we gonna get clicked. No, I'm I'm just saying. I'm just saying. You didn't have to say that again.


No, I'm just saying that. That's dope. I know, I know. I hear. Yeah, I know. Like it's, we, I Know. So before you became Ferny Marco, you were dirty Marco. I Mean, not necessarily dirty, it was just Like, You know, I was just, I was rough. Broy Marco. No, I was just rough. Like Shannon, let's be right. You Who told you how to take a bath? Was your daddy your mama there? No, my sister, she's eight years older than me. She don't Know how to wash like a man. So you was funky too. That's what we Saying. No, bro. No, bro, bro, look, I grew up, I grew up in a different situation. I didn't have a shower, so I grew up taking a bath in a tub. But You know, she told me how to, You know, lav it up and right around here and right around here and go around your neck. Get all that up under here, up Under neck. But you used two rags of one rag Back in the day. I only had one rag.


That's not cool, bro. So you, you used two rags. Yeah. Why you we Didn't, we barely looked bro. Bro, I was happy to have a tub to be able to take a shower. And we had to, we had to deal Well water. So bro, slow down. I'm okay. Hold on. Why you use two rag? What, what? What? The other one fall your ass. Oh, so you, you, you use a different rag. Okay. You don't do, that's what I'm saying. We gotta do that. So tonight use two rags. Yeah. We, I use two. I mean I, sometimes I use a, like a loof. I got one of those little things, You know, a what do they not a loofah, what do they call them?


A loof? Yeah, A little sponge things. That's a loof. Yeah. I got one of those. I got one of those little like cloths that I use for my body that I use that, that thing for my face. Well, and can I ask you a question? What's a proper way? And it's like talking to men out there that's dealing with it a proper way for a guy to leave a woman that's in love with him. Because I feel like guys don't know how to break up with women. Yeah. It ain't no proper way. The proper way to leave. Yeah. I mean it's, it's pretty easy. What you mean the proper? No, it's not. When a woman love you, it's hard. It's different from a man that leave to break. 'cause they leave us in the quickness, right? Yes. Yes.


How do You know? She always know she love you. It's always, it's easier for the person that wants to break up. It's not Because they're invested. See if you, if somebody want, if you, if you are not ready to get Ocho And I, we talk about this a lot, buddy Mark Marco, is that when somebody wants the relationship and somebody wants out, the person that doesn't want out is the one that hurts the most. Even though the person that wants out hurts a little, but it's not the same as that person that really don't want you to go. Hold on. So it's hard the more you invested in something, the hard it is to let it go. Who You trying to leave? No, it's not me. I just, I just wanna speak for the man that's out there that's listening, You know? Oh, okay.


So that was that. It was a chat. It was a chat question. Okay.


On April 18th, centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosher Pitcher event of the year. Twin brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending, thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


All your renters out there hears something from Rocket Mortgage. You're going to want to hear now. Anyone who's ever rented before and knows the feeling you get every month, your hard earned cash, it's gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage, LLC Equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org number 30 30


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February 20, 24 Nissen report.


That's cold. Yeah. So you tried to leave somebody? Oh no, no, no. You know, I, You know, I got a relationship. Nobody left. You know, I got a relationship with God. We is still in there. We doing good. Nah, he be about to leave you. Nah, it You he say you can't read. Nah, I'm, I'm decent. I read what I need to read. Thanks for You know, what time. Hey, hey boy, you shout Out. So have one. Have a woman ever made fun of your skin? Oh yeah. I be, I mean the worst comment I got is a kid telling me it looked like somebody stepped on my face with cleats. That was a worst. All right. How we exit? Hold on.


Well women like to like to mask Dr. Pimple popper. They like to press match black kids. What's Going on with this? Anybody ever told you go like Ms. Nta? They do sometimes. Oh, okay. Donald don't get it used to bother me. But guess what? It don't stop them checks from coming in. Oh. And it don't stop them young ones from opening it up. It sure don't. So let me Ask, matter of fact, you look more like Miss letter than me with that skin that acting. Now that you brought it up, you should have left that alone. You look, put some glasses on. I tell you what Chad, let's put glasses on. Put glasses on him. Put glasses on me and let's turn it to the side and let's see who looks like Ms. Ne It Ain't about the me. Yes, it's no, I'm glad you brought that up, but since you took it there, let's go there now.


See, There we go with this. Put glasses on. I now we getting aggressive, but I'm really scared right now. I I I can sue you right now because I'm on your show now. I'm feeling embarrassed. This is a lawsuit. Embarrassed for. I'm embarrassed. This is a, You get a, I can you get a cease and it was You that went to the doctor to try not to look like Ms. I'm show and it's 20,000 people watching. I'm a little afraid and a lawsuit on Ocho. Yeah. He the one that went to the doctor to try not to look like Ms. Netta. I'm never done nothing to My, I'm saying this is a lawsuit. Hey, a lawsuit. Why y'all arguing? 'cause I, no, because look, when you come on somebody's show I feel ambushed. Like why am I getting attacked A bush?


I'm I'm telling you it's a loss. This is live And you can't, you can't stop. What I want to like cook up. You said And you said ambush. You said A How are you Abu? How am I ambushing you? My Hands are up. 'cause I'm afraid. Nah. Oh. I'm not there to let you try to empty the clip on me and then you hands up. I'm saying I'm a fire back at your As. Show us this, this is y'all show, right? I'm a guest. Guess all get ojo. You Supposed to make guests feel comfortable. I'm uncomfortable. Hey, no, I'm mad. Ocho ain't firing back at you. I'm trying to empty the clip. Hold on. He not, he he not funny than me. So he won't say no jokes. No way. Ain't about funny. It's actually about being real. Oh, okay. My bad. But, but funny Marco, if you turn to the side and look at your skin, really?


If that really what we gonna do, But I don't show people my side portfolio Bro. Looking straight on. Look straight. I'm, I have to turn sideways. That look straight on. It's the skin bro. It's the skin. Hey And you, you And you, you said he look like Ms. Netta first though. No, I read a comment. This is y'all show. These are y'all guests I'm not talking about but Marco, I mean truth be told now, I mean the chat being real. I mean if you look at the skin, Alright, but if me And you went one-on-one to get girls, guess who walking out with 'em? Boy, stop it. Drop Stop. Who, who don't do that? Who walking out with 'em? I, I'm, I Like, You know what I'm saying?


Just personality skills and just what? Like Nah bro, You're not gonna bring money into me. I'm gonna Bring, I'm past that. First of all, I'm past that stage. If you have caught me in my twenties, right. And you caught me in my twenties or early thirties A little better between me and him. I'm, I'm a grandfather bro. I'm a grandfather. That Doesn't matter. Get what I get. Who look better between me And you. Really? Dude? What he the only one in here? Hold on Mercy. Oh bro. Marco just, I'm just a granddad. I'm about to be 57 And you don't look like it. I know I ain't, I ain't trying to get no girls now I'm trying to find somebody to settle Down.


Just a appear. I'm just saying. I have a great appearance. I have a nice sex appeal and I'm letting You know in this room if, if it came down, did You left? Did you leave it at home? I'm at home right now. Oh Damn. I just told you I'm in New York, Bro. You not in New York. That's a green screen. No It's not. No green screen. What is going on with you? I work hard for this shit. I get, all you gotta do is get up and walk, get walk to the back. I'm not about to walk off on your show. I'm not doing that. I'm not rude. Yes bro. Do you understand that OCHO And I be on TV And we understand how green screen work?


What? Okay, what's green screen? It is night outside. What do y'all want me see? Airplane fly past. What do y'all fucking wanna see now? I'm in the green. I'm at my house. Exactly. You but green screen? No, I I I'm at the green room. The boom room Go no green room. Dude, it's, hold on. I'm saying This what I call it. And you say you live in New York, right? Yes I do. And that's the Hudson River behind you, right? I don't know what's back there, Barna. How the man go get, but What's the name of your building? I'm that's uncalled for. I'm just asking what's the name of your field? I'm just, I don't have to speak on where I live because that's part of my, my safety protocols. Well, it's pretty easy to tell based on the building behind you.


You can I no, it's not because it's not that pretty easy. These are $20,000 a month partner. Okay. Ain't nobody ask where you live. What's your apartment? Where's your address? Me? Yeah, what's your address? I mean, I'm, I'm I'm out here. Exactly. You see And you don't just give that out. No, I'm saying I'm out here. I'm out here Dating. Let's talking about this interview you had with G Herbo that got uncomfortable. Okay. Okay. Oh, you, this is a lot. This why Yeah, this why, this why people don't come on that damn show. That Guy. Now you tell us about that interview. Been asking me the whole night about that interview. What happened?


Alright, so, alright. First off, let's say this while we talking. All right? You know what? All right. I was about to, You know, I gotta realize what do, where do you wanna start? I mean, how did it get, I mean, you started Off, it wasn't, it wasn't, it was more of like they were on a level of trolling and it was just matching it. Chicago got a nice way of trolling. So, You know what I'm saying with them too. They was just enjoying theyself and You know, as a man I could have just, You know, enjoyed it back. So it was just more of me trying to read the room. But as I'm reading it, the shit is real happening in real time. So they didn't mean nothing personal. They just really like troll and You know what I'm saying? I just didn't match the troll. I wasn't on my feet at the time. Yeah. What'd you scared? What you scared?


Nah, I wasn't scared because they, nah, I wasn't, not, I was scared because it wasn't Like, You know, it wasn't nothing dark, You know what I'm saying? And Like, You know in my fight where I'm 17 and oh, so besides that in school, my school I went to, but I ain't seen that water move yet. How you got still water behind you? Whatcha talking about? I ain't seen no boat. I ain't seen no boat go Sneak by. I ain't see the water move. Yeah, because it's nighttime Water move at nighttime just because of Oh, so boats don't, can't go back. Huh? Where a ferry at? I don't see no ferry. I'm in New York. Nothing. Ain't ain't no plane. Ain't no bird flew by. Ain't no plane, no helicopter. Ain't nothing say it's not furnished or nothing. I just moved there. I just got a computer.


Ain't Talking about apartment. I'm talking about the backdrop. Hold on, hold on. You told us, you told us it cost $20,000 a month because it was furnished. It fully furnished. That's what you saying. I know, but I gotta pick the furniture out. No, if a po if it's furnished, it already comes with furniture, you just move in. No, but I gotta pick the certain type of furniture. No, you don't back a furnish apartment. You don't pick. If I pick the, if I get Up, see, you see me? Yeah. So yeah, I saw, yeah, I see. Come on back. You come on back. Yeah. Well Chad, you see that's how You know, you see what happened.


Exactly. That's all I wanted him to do. Ocho was move And We, that was a great way to end that goddamn interview. That was, that was perfect. Hey, that Was, man, y'all go check it by Freddy. Marco, you can check it out on ig. You can check, check it out OX. And he has a tour coming on, a tour coming up that he didn't get an opportunity to tell us about, but we'll bring his ass back and get him over here to tell us about the tour. Hey Ojo. Hey Chad. I'm sorry Chad. Hey, that was, that was classic Ojo Tennessee is moving on from Nico la Malva Malvia, he was the starting quarterback.


He was scheduled to make 2.4 million and NIL and collective money. He saw the quarterback from Georgia Beck leave and go get 4 million from Miami. Right? He stopped coming to practice. He, I guess he missed some meetings and so forth and so on. And until they bumped it up before million, he blah, blah, whatever the case I'm going by what I read, Chad, I don't know if this is true or not. I'm just saying that's what's being reported, right? Ocho, you And I talk a lot about this. Yes sir. Basing your value on what someone else is making. Come on now. 2.4 million and maybe he's looking at it like, Hey, maybe I'm, I should get this, I should get that right.


But hey, this is the way I look at it Ocho And I think I've had this conversation with you. If you did something special and nobody told you that it was special, would you still feel special? So if Carson Bank doesn't leave Georgia and go get $4 million, is 2.4 still enough? Mm, come on now. Me, I could tell you I did this, I did that and, but that's not why you do things right. I feel even if nobody knows I did something special because I did it outta the kindness of my heart, I still feel special. The young man is gonna have to understand, never base your value on what someone else has gotten.


Comparison is a thief of joy on every time. Can I ask you a question? Yes. Who won the national championship last year? Ohio State. Who did Ohio State play? Notre Dame Tennessee's quarterback when it comes to ranking of quarterbacks last year. Shado Sanders. Beck Cam Ward. Yeah. Ru he ranking that group. Jackson Dart. Yeah. From old, from Ole Miss. I don't think anybody, I don't, I don't think anybody had him up there. Okay.


Okay. I'm just, I'm just asking. I understand, I understand. NIL is important. It's a, it is a good thing, but if you are what you think you think you are, then they wouldn't have had no problem. Yes. Paying you what you think you're worth. Yes. They wouldn't have no problem. Yes, they wouldn't, they've seen what Carson Beck has done at Georgia, so he was able to get what he wants at Miami. If you wanna pay raise, then what you do up on the field, it's, it's pretty easy. Especially now that they're allowed to play players in college. Yes. If your play is that spectacular where you feel you need a bump from two, 2.4 to four, then your play would show exactly why you need that bump.


He didn't come to practice. He didn't show up and they moved on from him. What does that tell you? Yes. What does that tell you? A, a, a and and a. If you are what you say you are, if you're playing that way, a there are people in Knoxville, there are other things that you probably would've had an opportunity. Listen, I'm, I'm just, I'm just being realistic. If I want a raise ocho, i, if I want a raise, I can't just not show up from e esp. Like, You know what? I'm supposed to come on Monday and Tuesday, like, nah, I'm supposed to be out on assignment or nah. What punk. It's really, it's really easy. It's really easy. If you want 4 million, you get the money by what you do on the field. If you, if you only making two and a half, you only making two and a half for a reason.


You only make two and a half for a reason. Ocho how much you making right now though? Well, he probably gonna go somewhere else. I'm not sure if somewhere else he Ain't make another. But here's the thing. The way I look at ocho, he one of these people that quit a job before he has another one lined up. Dang. Now maybe he has one already lined up. Maybe he's talked to a program, right. That can give him $4 million. Right? Maybe that's the case. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Slow down, slow down, slow down real quick. The programs that can pay that kind of money for a quarterback are power five schools. You do know All Power five schools right now have a starting quarterback already, right? I believe so. Come on now. Come On now. Well guess we're gonna find out Ocho hopefully it works out for the young man.


One is, it's all about competing. So Now you put yourself in a predicament where you gotta go somewhere else and be somebody else out. Yeah. 'cause the schools that had the kind of money to pay you 4 million in dollars, all the big boys and all the big boys have started quarterbacks. Ocho got a bit of sad news. Former LSUY receiver ah, passed away and an apparent suicide in his car last night. Following Lacey's passing, his lawyer issued a statement that I'm going to read. Kyron was scheduled to have his matter heard before grand jury tomorrow, where we were very confident. The evidence after being fully collected and reviewed would lead to a a de declination of charges from the very beginning.


This so-called investigation took on the appearance of an overzealous targeted effort, what can only be described as, as a witch hunt fuel by who Kyron was and the public profile he carried the decision by the investigating agency to charge him at all. In our view, was not only unjustified, it was disturbing. Imperative to understand that the La Rouche parish district attorney to this day has not formally charged Kyron. Kyron was a young man with immense promise and he was crushed under the weight of the irresponsible and prejudice process. The negative barrage on social media, the c circulation of his mugshot by nearly every news outlet rather than the standard photo the recent civil lawsuit filed against him.


And that name of the defendant who mysteriously wasn't charged with a crime. Only him and the overall tone of the coverage painted a deeply biased picture before he ever had his chance to defend himself. There was never a presumption of I innocence, which is exemplified by the NFL, pulling his draft card over the mere accusation. Without affording him the slightest chance to defend himself, the pressure and the perception likely became unbearable. Yes. Let us be absolutely clear. This is far from over. We will be demanding a full review and transparent review of how this investigation was conducted and why those responsible for this gross miscarriage of justice must and will be held accountable.


But it's sad, man, that's sad. I don't want to get into details of, of everything going on, but, You know, young bull, young bull taking his life with having so much to live for is sad. I wish he understood and had to let the process played out. Ocho But like his attorneys said that the weight and the pressure, we talked about this ocho and people tried to beat me up And I said, I didn't wanna beat the young man up too bad. What he did was wrong. And he, if he, if he's wrong, he gets go, go to cry. But now Ocho it's not, it's no longer innocent until proven guilty.


You're guilty until proven innocent. Right. The reason why I didn't beat him up for the speeding, and this is what I said. I said, guys, I've gotten stopped. I got stopped twice. I was going 108 and a 55. I was going 92. I got two tickets in a matter of three minutes. I said, I understand nothing happened. But I said, as an athlete, we sometimes believe that we're immune to something bad happen until it happens. I promise you, the young man, when he was driving that night, he did not expect, he did not intend, he didn't think that something like this could go wrong. And we never do until it does ocho Yeah.


Nobody gets, I don't believe people get into their vehicle in speed. 78. Now if he's trying to evade the cops, people that try to evade the cops, yes. But I think, You know, you get into a car, you travel at a high rate of speed. We're not thinking that front tire or the back tire could blow out. We don't think like that. We don't think somebody could all of a sudden pull out in front of us or somebody switch lanes. We don't think that we think we are impervious to anything that could possibly happen. But I said, what happened? A man tragically lost his life and the person that was responsible is gonna have to have their day in court and they're gonna have to be held accountable to whatever that may be if he goes through the process.


This is why I can't get upset Ocho if somebody goes to in today's time, right? Somebody goes through the process and 12 men and women, 12 men and women find him not guilty. Or you have the a, a a judge verdict, right? I mean, what what am I supposed to do? I think sometimes people take what we say and they don't listen to the interpret of what I'm, what we are trying to say. Ojo. I said him driving at a high rate of speed, him not stopping. Sometimes ocho I mean, they get you when you fail to render aid. Yeah. Sometimes if you'd have just stopped, help the man out, call 9 1 1 yourself as opposed to leaving the scene, leaving the scene of an accident, failure to render aid traveling, so on.


We don't need to get into the technicalities of it, You know, but this young man is gone. Gone. And although he didn't think it was a way out, Ocho Yeah, because sometimes people just want to end the get outta the pain. But what he felt, what he, what he did is he left more pain 'cause he left his mom and his dad and his siblings. If he has those uncles and aunts, imagine the pain that they're in. He's trying to relieve his pain and he caused so much more pain on so many more people. Yeah. IIII, my heart breaks for the, for the, for the gentleman that lost his life months ago.


My heart breaks, my heart breaks for this young man's family because their answers, they're never gonna be able to get answered to the questions. And it's sad on both sides. I don't know what's gonna come. Maybe they could, I don't know. Ocho Yeah, I just know this is, there's two tragedies now because five, six months ago a gentleman lost his life. And last night a young man lost his life. So now we have two tragedies, two families dealing with loss unexpectedly, tragically, I pray for both families that God somehow give them the strength, the courage, and the understanding to deal with this because it's not easy.


Death is never easy, Never, ever easy. And the younger, the individual, the harder it is to deal with because Ocho, when we growing up, we young, we thought only old people die. I didn't see a whole lot of young people die. We thought old people, you get to be 70, 80, 90 years old. You just, but now we see that's not the case. That's why you can't be upset back because the death does not discriminate. He'll knock on the young, he'll knock on the, the rich, he'll knock on the poor. And when he has that appointment, it's the one appointment that you'll never be able to reschedule.


You gotta take that appointment when it's your time. And the thing is, we don't know when it is. Our time. Kyren Lacy gone at the age of 24. My heartbreak for both families. It really, really does. Okay, Kyra Lacey's father wrote, Kenny Lacey young parents, start talking to your kids at a very early age and make sure they're confident and comfortable confiding in you. Don't be cool with, I'm all right or I'm good. When You know, deep down something isn't right, mental health is real. And for the most part it's invisible. Don't ignore the signs even if they may seem small.


Mm. Jack, see your thoughts and prayers after both families impacted by this. If you have somebody in your life, make sure you tell 'em you love them. Check on your parents. Check on family, friends and loved ones. And like Kenny Lacey said, I'm all right. Something seems off. Go check 'em out. Life is so precious, it's so fragile.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan, return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


All your renters out there hears something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now. Anyone who has ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership. It's called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent Rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LC equal housing lender, licensed in all 50 states, NMLS Consumer access.org Number 30 30


Spring is here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February 20, 24 Nissen report.


Now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. Dr. Frank l Bellamy said Ocho, I don't understand how you got 50 11 jobs but can't come up with $5,200. Make it make sense. Love y'all. I agree. Doc. What happened? Even if he, oh, he got 50 11 jobs. All he gotta do is put like a hundred dollars with each job. Woo. There it is. During my money, Listen, I mean, get it to you. I told you I need to finish some things now let me fi when I finish the pool, I promise you when I finish the pool, I'm gonna send you money. I promise you shit. Y'all heard this thing? No, I'm, I'm just Saying.


Let, let me, let me finish the pool. Let me finish building the pool and I'm, I'm gonna give you money Now if we don't do that, if we don't, if, if, if I give you the money, right, let the Laker tickets, let the Laker tickets take a place of the 5,200. This man says let him buy a $700,000 car. Let him get a new crib. Furnish it. Let him take my money and build a pool. Now what you have to understand is the 5,200, I set that aside. So the money I'm using for these things that I, that I, I've worked hard for that I deserve what I'm in. I'm in my winning season right now.


Like this had nothing to do with your money. I'm spending the, I wanna win. I can't win. Yeah, you, you just bought a dog for $10,000. A new one. But that's my money Ocho. But that's how I know you winning. We, we on, we both win. You been winning. You been winning for years. I listen, I've been cheap for 30 something years. Let me have one year, let me have one year where I can live up and turn up for Myself. Mine was my 5,200. You could have another 30 years to win it. But I wanna win. I wanna continue to win with my 5,200. You Just told me to take you to the liquor game. Make up your mind. You want a 5,200 or you wanna go to the Laker game? Which one? I wanna, I want you to take me to a Laker game, but I wanna spend 5,200 on an outfit.


5,200 on the outfit. You know, I know how much that shirt costs. Right? Okay. Thank you. Dexter Jones say hello. A OAO. Oh Ocho said he's not giving up 5,200 of his hard earned money. So you can take a young tender out Ocho. What should be a nice budget for UNC to take a woman out? 280. 202 200, $200. Listen anything over $200 That, that's not the one that, that's not the one. I'm, I'm, I'm telling that that ain't the one that ain't, that ain't the one. I'm, I'm, I'm telling you now. Well let me get the Fiji 200, then I can decide how much I wanna spend.


'cause right now I can't take nobody out 'cause I I'm, my money jumped funny. I I, I'll tell you, I'll send you 200. I see you 200 And I owe you five because I know you want the money. 'cause you want take somebody. See, you think you slick because this, this is like the, the second or third time you mentioned about taking somebody out and need the money to take somebody out. Nah, we ain't doing that. Can't you ain't getting that 5,000 to take nobody out. It's wonderful. This man gonna tell me I can't take somebody out with my money. I'm trying to help you save. I'm sure whoever it is, $200 will be just fine. If you need more than that to take out. She's not the one. This man just spent almost a million dollars between a car, a house furniture, and he crying about me taking somebody out with 5,200.


Hey, this is for me to live in and drive comfort. You talk about spending money on someone investing in something where you getting nothing in return. I'm not Finn let you out. How You know that might Life let you, I'm not letting you out My that that might be the one. That might be the one, The one what? That I take out? Nah, thanks. She ain't the one. Because if you gotta spend that kind of money, she's, if you gotta spend that kind of money, she's not the one. No, we ain't letting you go down that path. Who said that? Well, I'm, I'm, I'm just saying if you need that kind of money to take a woman out, you don't need that. That that ain't that. That ain't that Sneak. James says I may be country, I want my money.


5,200 liquor and five Oh hey. A 1D said UNC paper boy Pastor Troy McElroy Legos in five Golf is cool. But listen, unc, you can have Roaring McElroy wearing Roy or Edon Almond Joy Ton five MO 21 said Aman Batman, Superman Ton five Junior said Aman, Aquaman, Batman, Superman, it don't matter.


I agree. Junior Ton five Justin, feel free to use these gold bear welfare Wayfair Lakers in five Ns. Reed Pumpkin Seeds. Not even Game seven. Willis Reed Lakers and five Oh my JJ McCarver said they act like we scared to see the Warriors. They could have had staff Kansas City chiefs reps or promised to pay up OCHO debt. Y'all know what it is. Lakers At five. Tyra said, what's up UNC and ocho?


Can you see the Boston Celtics repeating his champions? It's hard to see if they play their best. Everybody else plays their best. Everybody's gonna have to play above their best to beat the Celtics himself game. Oh yeah. Now we finding out that Jalen Brown is dealing with a knee issue. He got a, an injection in that knee. He's rested last couple of games, so that's gonna be very interesting. But if they play to their best, they're almost, they're in seven games. It's gonna be very difficult for somebody to beat them. Dexter Jones. Hold on, don't call like Jimmy Buckets for one rebound. When your goal has zero rebounds the other day calls me a Nightcap ticket to New York.


I tag you your ocho d did it again the next game. Thanks. I'm sorry I ain't see that. When, when are go hands zero rebounds. You know the man 40 man give him a break. Damn. Dom Noch said Yo is by far the most valuable player in the league. You were stumbling reading off of accomplishments of the seasonal legendary as the male fans. I gotta say the Lakers fans are for a treat. Playoff Lucas on another level. Oh no, we know we seen it slim. God said Uncle Ocho. If Philly or the Spurs somehow get the top three pick, would you add a package to to take for Zion?


No. No. I'm good. Damn. Lady been married four times. She cheated on every last one of her husbands. You gonna marry her? I'm gonna let him figure it out over there first. Let him get a year up on his belt play 65 70 games. Then we can talk in 27 now. I'm good right now with y'all.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite On Liberty City. Legend, Binga, ring of Fame, honoree, pro bowler All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you guys for nominating us. You can follow my media company page on all of his platform, Shehe Media, the nominations because of your guy watching us, listening to us, supporting us. We've been nominated six different Webby Awards. Me personally, the best entertainment creator, best sports creator, Shannon Sharp Club, Shesha best creator slash influencer series.


Best sports show. Best video series. Best Live podcast recording Nightcap. The link is in our bio. Please go vote for us. Voting ends on April the 17th. Check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. The link is pinned in our chat. Suppliers of liberty, once they're gone, they're gone. Make sure you go check out Shade by La Poitier. We do have it in stock. Now. If you cannot find Shea by La Porter in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and please stay safe out there. Guys. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale now. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, NYC, Chicago, Detroit.


In the house we, we top it off with you guys. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. The link is pending in the chat. Our guest lineup. Looking great guys, you don't wanna miss these shows. If you are close by, you're in those cities, please come out. See your aunt and OCHO get your tickets now. Funny Marco, thank you for joining us. Appreciate you sharing your journey about the scam. Man, we had some fun tonight. We had a great time. We didn't mean to keep you that long, but Ocho told me how to get you off. So appreciate you joining us guys. Hopefully you guys enjoy Funny. Marco, we're off tomorrow. We're back on Tuesday after the play in tournament.


So no show tomorrow, Ocho, we're back tomorrow. I mean, not tomorrow. We're back Tuesday after the play in tournament. I'm he's Ocho. Hey, thank you guys for joining us. Go ahead. I got that thing in my system. Boy. I'm gonna holler at you tomorrow. Holler at you tomorrow guys. Thank you guys for joining. We'll see you tomorrow. I love y'all. Tuesday. I'm sorry. See you Tuesday. Tuesday. Not tomorrow. Tuesday. Thank you. The Volume


When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is. Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Behind every successful business is a vision. Bringing it to life takes more than effort. It takes the right financial foundation and support. That's where Chase for business comes in. With convenient digital tools, helpful resources, and personalized guidance, we can help your business forge ahead confidently. Learn more at chase.com/business. Chase for business, make more of what's yours. The Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company


Spring Is here And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana, that's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


Clorox and Diva smells like lavender, cleans like Clorox and feels like, Hmm. All right, that could go on for a while. Experience the long lasting freshness of Clorox sativa. Available in Clorox sativa. Lavender scented Le uses directed.