
Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena, here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Doja Cat, dfa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more. Buy tickets now@axs.com.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete, or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello, Malcolm Gladwell. Here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games, aol, Hitler's games, fascism, antisemitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, craven, self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long, contentious lead up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of ika, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women history has forgotten. Who doesn't love a sports story, the rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the sprinter fighting for Aboriginal rights. Listen to a man on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you had. What they want to know is what did you do for the people? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


The Volume,


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Simone Biles in Paris Olympics with three goals. One silver. She took silver in the floor exercise, which is her favorite best event. Jessica Andrade one Gold. After finishing behind the Americans on three other events during the 2024 game, a picture went viral of Simone and Jordan Charles Bond down to Jessica Andrade, who has overcome 3 17, 18 and 19 three ACL tears that needed to be prepared. Simone spoke about saying she's so amazing, she's a queen and she's the first and this is the first all black podium. So it's super exciting for us. Such an it's, she's such an excitement to watch and then all the fans in the crowd all cheering for her.


So it just the right thing to do. Marlon Humphrey chime in. This is literally on disgusted. Yeah. See, listen, I don't think Marlon understood the backstory to why they were praising her, not only winning gold, but you know, some of the things that she had to overcome to even be back competing. I don't think Marlon understood that. I think he's seeing it from the standpoint of you guys representing us and here you are praising someone else and bound down to them because they won gold. But Marlon didn't understand the context on why they were doing so. And so I'm I'm sure you probably understand now, Huh? Shouldn't you do that before you press seeing? I know, I know, I know. But you know, when you see it, when you look at it as a competitor, Marlon is a great competitor at that great DB for the Ravens.


When you, when you see something like that, the first thing you thought like, oh man, look what we doing. We lost, we not, we didn't get gold And. we sitting there bowing down, but he didn't understand the backstory on why they were how Many times, how many times have we heard great players, other great players say Tom Brady to gold? We heard Lamar Jackson say that. Is that disgusting? You, you competing against him and he said, you the goat. We've seen players say that to Aaron Donald. We've seen players say that to grunt we've seen other players. Is that disgusting? Yeah. Or do we need to know the backdrop? Yeah, the backstory. Yeah. I, I think just on the world stage, I think in his lens he sees it a little different. So I think now I'm, I'm sure if if if he ruffled any feathers, he might, he probably apologize by now.


And you know, every everybody's gonna have their own opinion on the way they dissect things that they do. See, and I, I I just, eh, that's that's A tough one. Well see that's, that's a tough one. That's why you read before you press sin. Sin. Yeah. That's why You, you study and understand because he looks foolish with his tweet. Everybody, I'm sure he got 2 million and ain't nobody say you right, Marlon, I bet you ain't got one person that said that he was right. He he had another tweet he sent out. What he say? The Brazilian's killing me on, on Instagram. No, I mean, look, I, And they was on his head. Boy, It's kind of like Tom, look at, look at Thomas Davis overcame three acls to play 14 years.


Carolina Panther legend. Yes. Yeah. And I think he ended a career with the, he went to the Chargers too, didn't he? Didn't he play a year with the Chargers? He did, but yeah, I think so. But anyway, but I'm saying when someone overcome something of that magnitude and you make it to the world stage and you win a gold medal, how many people would've just given up in sports? Three ACL tariffs and ACL Tariffs with women are a little different because they don't have the bone density and they don't have the muscle mass. Right. That men have. So a lot of times women have a higher rate of retailers because they don't have the big quads. They don't have to, to to, to distribute that force. Right. I, I just did.


I, like I said, Hey, it's him, it's his, his opinion. He feels that it's disgusting. That's his opinion. But I, I just don't, I I I just don't get what, what he helped, what you hope to accomplish. But I just need him to say what was disgusting about it. I mean, con like you said, you, you, he needed context. We need context to why he thought it was disgusting. Had you not seen these women competing, did you not hear Simone Biles say she's amazing given what she's overcome and to be back here. Oh, see, he didn't see that part. He just saw, he just saw on Twitter, them just bound down. That's all. And the first thing and the first reaction as a competitor that he is, we didn't even win gold.


Why are we, why are we bowing down to the person who did win gold? Without any context. Simone Biles says, Hey, mother had eight kids, took a bunch of jobs just to send her away. She went away. Yes. Without her family, she got ACLS tear. It's not like Brazil is loaded. You, we, we've seen the stories. Even if you don't know, never been to Brazil. We know the are. Oh yeah. That's the poorest of the poor. Yes, sir. And for her to overcome that and to get to this, this point, she should be commended.


Hopefully she most decorated Brazilian male or female in gymnastics history. Hopefully they have a hero's. Hopefully they have a hero's welcome. Right. For when, when she gets home. Yeah. But like I said, I, I just, like you said, he need to con I I didn't knew I wanna know context. What were you thinking, Marlon, when you tweeted that? What did you hope to accomplish? Yeah, Marlon, you gotta let us know. If you don't let us know, I'm gonna make you cover me. That ain't what You want, Michelle Obama says, I'm still, I'm still not over this beautiful moment of sisterhood and sportsmanship. You can just feel the love shining through these ladies. Congrats Rebecca Jordan and Simone the Olympic game said, this is everything.


Yeah. It was a good moment. It was a great moment. It was a great moment because I, not only did I watch it, I understood why they were doing it. And I understood what the young lady had to overcome to be back on the world stage representing her country. So it was really dope. Yeah, it was really dope. It was really, Really dope. The controversy did not end there. Ocho Mikayla Skinner, the former teammate who's been running, who's been has, who has some things to say, ask Simone Biles to call off the alleged bullying she's received over the tip for tat. Kayla released the video. Let's take a look. Let's let watch this video. I am really heartbroken over it, but not just heartbroken because it isn't how I feel or even what I previously said, but heartbroken because Simone's latest post and others that followed it field in another wave of hateful comments, dms, articles and emails.


My family and my friends don't deserve to be caught in a crossfire here. They've done nothing. So to Simone, I am asking you directly and publicly to please put a stop to this. Please ask your followers to stop. We, we, we playing victim. We playing victim now. So you can, you came the same energy, the same for every action is a reaction. You understand that you understand what you were doing when you said what you said, you understand the consequences that came behind what you were doing and what you said and who you were talking about.


Yes. You knew that this is the, this is the white, the play. Oh, oh, oh, I'm so heard. Oh, death threat. Like, come on man. All that. Coach o What are we, what are we doing? The same thing. It's so dramatic, so dramatic. Unc, They they hit me with that. Women will jump on my timeline, say something insulting. And then when I hit, when I, when you Hey Ocho, because you know I'm sitting on a thousand jokes. I'm on number nine, so you know what I'm saying. I got 909 1 to go. So when I, when I, when I, when I come back, oh, that's how you talk to black women. So I just asked, were you black before or after you insulted me? I just need to know.


Right. Oh, your mama's a black woman. Yeah, but my mama ain't talking to me like that. My sister, my daughters. Right. So you don't, okay, fine. I don't have, I don't have any control over your actions. Just like you don't have control over those consequences that come with what I say to you afterwards. Mm. See you want to control the actions and the consequences. It don't work like that. It don't work like that. Take One. Which one do you want to control? It don't work like that can, you can't, you can't throw the stone. You can't throw the, you can't throw the stone. You can't throw the rock and hide your hand now. Yes. You can't do that. It don't work like that. You, you know, and they, they love, they love, they love the, the, the whole I'm so hurt.


Oh, everyone around me doesn't deserve this. They don't deserve that. I'm getting depth. Lemme and Simone. Biles. Jordan Chis, Sony Lee j Carey. They didn't deserve for you to say, ain't nobody ask you that. Just like you went on that your platform and said what you said, it wasn't like you was commentating for NBC. You weren't commentating for Peacock had you said, you know what, Simone, look, SUNY Lee is the reigning Olympic all around Champ. We know who Simone Biles is. She's the greatest gymnast ever. You know, maybe a little bit more experience. But I trust this team for you to say they've gotten lazy.


You started bringing the, the things into the play. Nobody even ask you about Insulting everyone. Yes. Outside of Simone. Yes. And so Simone said, somebody hacked my Twitter, I'm, I'm logged off. I what? Oh man. Classic roll, roll the rock. Hide your hand and play victim. Yes. Yeah. Your actions, you control your actions. Don't, yo you don't get, you don't, that's the, a lot of times people like, you don't get to hurt me and then tell me how long I get to G Grieve. Ooh, that's a good one.


Really? That's a good one. That's a good one. You Know that that's what your parents just say Shut up. Yeah. You ain't, that ain't hurt. Yeah, I did. I tell you what, gimme the belt and lemme put something on you and lemme see, see you talking about it ain't hurt. Lemme See how it feel. Yeah. Let, let, lemme see how you feel. Right. But I, I don't, I don't get it now. I mean, Simone can do what she wants to do. If Simone wants to say, Hey guys, you know, that's not, you know, we do, we don't do bullying, but nah, you, It's not, ain't not, they're Not bullying. You ain't finna take your shot at these women. Listen. And then when they, You're not bully. Go Ahead. People talk about bullying and Oh, they talking get off Twitter. Get off Instagram, get off TikTok.


That's what got you in trouble to begin with because when you put that, that mess out OCHO get off. She wasn't on the platform. Log log, log out. Yes. Log Out. Yes. If she was on NBC and she's offering an analysis right. Of what? Okay. She offered an analysis on her own platform. Okay. Simone Biles. And, and the, the US gym gymnastics team, they're supporters told you what they thought of you. Oh, don't cry for me Argentina now. Oh no, Don't cry for me Argentina. So, and that's my, that's my jam. What you know about that? Oh, Cho, She called a lazy.


Do you understand what it takes to be a gymnast? Yeah. And Lazy. And lazy is the last thing. Lazy is the last thing you are, but hey, that neither here nor there. You could know what that is. You of something your, if you are around it, I can tell you what it was like to growing up in my home because I was around my brother and sister. I can tell you how my grandmother, my grandfather raised us so forth and so on. Right. How do you get to speak to something that you're not around? It's not like I can see if you've been in that situation but to say lazy. Why would you even say, why would you even say that about your teammates? Yeah.


If they cool, if y'all cool, Hey they, you know, they probably not cool and it probably word of mouth somebody else hate somebody else hating from the outside that might be in that environment. So you gonna regurgitate based on something you heard that probably not even true and it ain't true by looking at the goddamn results, the results or what everyone has accomplished Again, how many times, what the last five Olympics, they won the all around title. Now we got what three the last three years. We've got the last three all around. Champs and Simone won. Got a, got a gold And, we got a silver, we got gold. Yeah. Oh, come on now. Oh, And. we went, what did we get?


We get, we got silver, we got golden bronze in the all around 20-year-old America wrestler. I met Allure made history today and with the gold medal in the women's 68 kilogram division becoming the u youngest US wrestler, male or female to win Olympic to win an Olympic gold medal. You watch it? I watched it. She won three. Nothing. Nah, She's Been dominating. She'd been dominating. Wait, Lemme tell me if this is the one. Did she, did she wrestle the Asian? That was really bow-legged. The bow-legged Asian?


Yeah, I think. Yeah, I think So. Sure. And and at the end right before, right before the match was over, she was smiling. She was, she was, she was smiling and the mouth. I I, that might be the one that I, I could be wrong. I, I didn't see, I just, I just watched this match and I watched, she was sensational. She great in the clinch. I watched the, the Cuban Lopez, A big boy. Five. Five, yeah. Five. Yeah. 41 Greco Greco wrestling. Yeah. Ocho Cuban, Greek. I mean the last, I mean he got score, he got penalty points.


But I think the last Olympic, they said nobody scored on him. Yeah. Strong thought. Ocho like, I like wrestling, I like weightlifting and so I followed it. I like freestyle a little better than I like Greco Roman, but Right. I thought Alexander Carin was the greatest Greco-Roman wrestler ever. Right. He lost to Rulon Gardner. He was going for four, four medals. He had been unbeaten unscored on in a decade. Yeah. Unbeaten, unscored on, he was blanking folks this young, this he ain't young. 41 years of age. Yeah.


He took his boots off wrestling shoes off, set 'em in the middle of the floor. That's it. Yeah. Done. What else you got to prove? You got five goal, you got five Olympic goals. You are a world champ. You are the greatest Greco Roman wrestler. Regardless of the vision. Yeah. In the history. Yeah. I remember. Hey, I remember them days, man. Now wrestler, get your ass tied. Did You, did you ra, did You wrestle? Hell yeah, my brothers and cousins. Oh nah, nah. I, I, IRA, I, I ra I wrestled in high school. I wrestled at Beach High Man. I was state champion 1993. I never forget man. Damn Ocho. Good Days. Yeah. So what'd you wrestl you wrestled in, in the 60 kilo?


Who you Nah, back then. I, I wrestled 1 45, 1 1 45 State champ. Six eight man. Just at state Champ Ocho. I did. Man, look at my technique. What you talking about? Man, look up a technique State temp Man. You too far away man. They fixing to scoop your ass. See, you see how I get up under there? See how I get up under there. Ocho you think that guy gonna let you have that kind of distance? Oh, he, no wait. Nah, this, this is head right here. This is head. We, we locked up. Okay. He locked up. Hey listen, I pull him. Listen, listen to me. Na, Okay, I I got you. Go ahead. Okay. Lemme see. Look, I pull him forward. Lemme see where your top head. Huh? Lemme see where your top head is.


Okay. Right. Okay. Right here. This, this his head. This his head Right here. Right. Okay. Okay. Boom. I locked and I dip. When I go down, I come up under him. First of all, he's not gonna let you do that. 'cause he gonna control your left arm. He's not gonna let do that Ocho No, He no, no he not. Nah, he ain't gonna be able to control it. He ain't gonna be able to control it because you gotta remember, I'm all in one motion. Everything is one motion. I'm just showing you in slow motion Right now. I'm trying to tell you Ocho, when you go into the clinch like that, he's gonna control your left arm. He's not gonna let you get that kind of separation. Now See, he's not gonna be able to do that. You gotta think this is back in 92. They wasn't that experience back then. They won't that experience back then. 92, Hey no, 92 state, state wrestling champ. Boy. Man look me, look me up. Google it.


I bet you see it. I wanna see that. Yeah, it's, It's there. The, the Florida boys, y'all different. Oh, oh Yeah. We do some, we do some of everything. I see. Hey guys, y'all believe OCHO was a state wrestler champ? Yeah. It it's on Google. A tell ask Google it, she'll see it. God damn. I'm outta breath shit. I know. And, and, and the thing is, and see the thing is once you break the clinch, man, hey, that freestyle bad. Hey, them jokers quick and they strong. They some condition. Yeah man, them jokers condition man. Yeah. Crazy.


Back then, you know I would light back then too, so I would light, I was quick. But you back Then you still are. Unc don't make me come up outta this shirt. Boy. I told you, I told you before first show. Listen, you still like, listen to me, listen. Our first show is August 22nd, right? Yes. In Atlanta, right? Yes. I guarantee you now we can make a little, a little small little bet. Say like, like a hundred dollars, a hundred dollar wage. Okay? I guarantee you, when I see you in Atlanta, I start, I was like, remember the, the show where I had on the tank top? Yeah. And you say I looked like I looked like a praying mantis. I didn't say that the chat said that, but okay. Yeah. I got you o Okay, well the chat said that I wa I weighed myself the next morning I was 178 pounds because you remember I was playing soccer.


I played soccer every Saturday in the Jamaican League out there in Fort Lauderdale. Yeah. I guarantee you, by August 22nd when I see you, I'm gonna be 200 pounds, 200 pounds. The battle. No, they ain't all Muscle. I'm te Alright, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm bring, I'm gonna get a scale. I'm gonna bring the scale with me so we don't have no excuses. I'm gonna weigh myself on stage right before the show starts. And that, that, that gave me, that gave me a little short term goal to strive for. Let me show unc. I can, I can build myself, I can push my body to a point to where I can just, I can do whatever I want. I can, I can, I can fluctuate. I could be skinny and play soccer. No, you can't. I I could, I could. Hey, listen, I could, I could, I could bulk open and look like the Hulk.


I could do whatever. That's, that's like a giraffe saying I can do anything I want to be. I can be short, I can be tall. No, you can't. You a giraffe. But This is, this is different though. This is different. I was, I, listen, I've already bulked up. I've already got the two 15 before just seeing how far I could push the body. And I had let myself go because I wanted to play soccer. And I need to be able to run up and down the field and be fluid. Now I'm now I'm trying to prove a point to you where, listen, I could bolt back up and then just lose it right again is what I'm gonna have to do when soccer season starts back up anyway. Man, y'all start putting that on me. I didn't say that. The chat said Ocho looked like a praying manna. I did not say that. You did say that.


Oh, that Now you say I like a praying mantis. So, and Rel and Rel got there and she, she piggybacking off you talking about Yeah, you do need to get in the gym. You getting kind of small. I say say less. And it's really her saying it like, okay, boom. Matter of fact, and when I get massage back, I'm finna start posting thirst traps. Yeah. Now what? And I know she watching now what American teenagers, Sam Watson set the world record in speed climbing the fastest sport in the Paris Olympics in speed climbing athletes scale a 15 meter wall in around five seconds.


Scampering up a series of holes toward the red buzzer at the top of the route. Watson said the previous speed climbing world record of 4.79 seconds at the World Cup event in China earlier this year. Today the 18-year-old from Texas set a new speed climbing world record of 4.75 seconds. And Sam is already DM me looking for his money. For Real? Yes. Yes. But God damn Sam, matter of fact, quick. There we go. Hold on. That's another one. Tell him let's tell him let's race. Let's line that up. Up. Oh, you Wanna walk? You wanna walk a rock line wall climb. Listen. Oh, this is great content that we can do.


Listen, Finky, I can't do nothing. You can do it. No, I can do it. Tell him tell him line it up. I don't know. I go to Texas. Matter of fact, we gonna be in t Listen, we going to Dallas. Yeah, right. We going to Houston. I don't know where he lives, but we can meet up. We got a camera crew. You got a team of people. And, we can race. He think he could climb because he ain't got Well I'm, I'm out the city boy. They need to get, I'm used to climbing. Yeah. I'm used to climbing, jumping Over you climbing fence, jumping over things. You ain't climbing no trees. You climbing fence. We climbing, we climbing trees in the country. Listen, I climbed the mango tree. I climbed the fence. I climb all Man, listen, just, just tell him that'd be a nice little challenge. Okay? Wait till I wait till I see what's his name?


Who, who won the 1500? Cole Hawker? No, no, no. The 1500. Swimming. Swimming. Oh, Oh oh. Fink. Bobby Fink Fink. Yeah. Yeah. He gotta see me too. Oh Lord. At Mercy. He gotta see me too. It's a, it's a different kind of pressure outside the Olympics. You think it gonna be more pressure outside of the Olympics than in the Olympics? Huh? Yeah, With me, Matt having to compete against me. Oh, you gotta think about it. I'm gonna talk. I'ma talk, I'm gonna talk you off your game before we even start. Man, shit That aint got nothing to do. That man ocho, that man gonna be like, he gonna be like a ka the jacket duck got out the pool. That man don be drive off.


Oh. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. No, don't do me like that. Now when it comes to swimming, now when it come to swimming ass, anybody outta Liberty City? Like, you know how you say you ask anybody outta Savannah? Yeah. About you Ask anybody outta Liberty City when it come to swimming, boy, boy, I'm telling you, if I chose swimming, it wouldn't have been no Michael Phelps. All them, all them, all them goals would've been me. What I tell you, no lie boy. I swim like a dolphin. I tell you, listen, I lie for you before I lie to you, Ocho they come to swimming. They called me flipper in high school. Yeah, I understand. They call you. I'm telling you, First of all, Ocho. Yeah, that man gonna be done dried off. That man gonna be dead to did his press conference. Ah, man. See He gonna Be sitting in, in the waiting on you to finish. See, see you doing me? This how my teachers did me In high school.


Do you know how far 1500 meters swimming years? Yes, I know because I used to swim the 1500 when I was in junior high. I know. First of all, they just brought that they just, that's just Brent to the Olympics in the last two years. The last two Olympics. Yeah. In no Olympics the last two years. I'm telling you what I did in training to prepare for football. I was you doing the 1500 Lord Mercy, Man, that man, How you think I got my, how you think I got my lungs the way they are now Talking That who? No lie. Liberty City. Check it out. That's, that's a hundred, 1500 meters is a hundred. It basically a hundred meters less than a mile. Yeah. That ain't nothing. Swimming a mile. Running a mile.


No swimming. Oh, I'm well you on, boy. Listen, aint o locker. You know o locker right? You know about O locker? Yeah. I used to swim the whole canal from one end to the other. I I tell you, no lie, I and there's gators in there. It's gators and snapping turtles. Hey, as a matter of fact, Ocho, you can issue the challenge because we're gonna have Bobby Fink on later this week. Yeah, Bobby. Yeah, Bobby, you can issue Your chest. Bobby, you could hit and he might be watching. I know he watching. I'm sure I know he watching. I'm sure he, he wouldn't mind putting up the 50 grand that he won from me against you to try to get, to get another feature. Hey, well listen, he gonna be out of 50. I know that. Okay. He gonna be out of 50.


He come playing with me. And. we gotta race the Charles Hadley pool. I need home field advantage. Man. Look here, you can race in your bathtub and that bag go beat you. Hey, look at my technique. Look at my technique. Do Ocho no Ocho no, it's here. Nah, unc, unc. See, that's why I know you slow. You can't even, you see you too big. You can't even get your shoulders around. Unc. You got come on back here man. No, you can't go. That's too long. Ocho. Go watch it. Hey, look at phe. Look at PHE and Ledecky. They like nine through The water. We ain't phelp. They wingspan is bigger. That's not, listen, I'm aerodynamic. He got wise shoulders. My shoulders ain't wise. So I need to be, I need to be cutting through that goddamn damn water boy.


Like I eight K. You hear me? First of all, I'm tell you, when them things listen, when Things stop you, what? You know why it's gonna be hard for you to swim Mocho. Why? Because you got low body fat. So you gotta, so to keep your suit, you, you got low body fat so they to keep yourself above the water. Right. That's why they, that's why they outlawed those, your, those urethane suits. Because it took a lot of the buoyancy, you having to keep yourself up right now that suit you above the water. So now they don't let you wear all over body suits like they did before. Yeah, but I don't need no body soup. Right. You gotta understand how do you gotta know how to breathe and relax. Huh? You gotta know how to breathe and relax. That's all it is. That's all it comes down to. Breathing and relaxing. What side From Left to right. Some, sometimes, sometimes I peak to my left or my right to see where my competition is.


Most of the time Im always you Back, you by yourself. Ain't no competition. Where you at Now? I'm talking about when I used to race. Oh, okay. Yeah. When I used to race, The USA has opened up in a commanding lead. We have 29 more total medals than the people in the public of China. We have 86 total medals ocho we're number one in gold medals. Two above the Republic China. We have 31 silver medals, which is 10 more than China And. we have 31 bronze medals, which is 15 more than China. No, what you call it France. France is second. And, and San France.


And Great Britain are tied for third. For second with a 19 bronze medal. We have 31. China has 16. So right now we have 86. China has 59. They went by gold medal total Ocho Australia's is third with 14. France is fourth with 13. Great Britain has 12. South Korea, 11 Japan, 11 Italy nine. But we open up a commanding league with, we still have the, we still have the, the, the women's hurdles, the men hurdles. Both, both sets four and one. The one 10.


We still have what, the 400 meter dash Right. We still have 200, 200 meter final 200 meter final. We have both relays. So we there's an outside chance we could get a hundred metals. Oh yeah, We could get a hundred. It's doable. It's doable. But damn, I'm about have to get some more money ocho Huh? Because I think the world record gonna fall in the, in the, the 400 meter women's hurdle. Oh. When She gonna push her? See, see it in, she, she, She gonna push, she gonna push see it to do it. She gonna push her.


See it s sid ran easy today and that 52 13 before Sid broke it, the world record was 52 16. Yeah. And s just ran that in the semifinals and crew. Relaxing. Relaxing. Yeah. So yeah, my, I got a, I called my accountant right? And they, they was like, well is Shelly coming in? I was like, nah, she ain't gonna wanna tra she ain't gonna wanna travel with a million dollars cash. So yeah. So we gonna, we gonna, we gonna, we reached out, we're gonna reach out to all the athletes that were part of the mixed relay, the men's mixed relay.


The women that set the world record in the final event. Who else set a world record? Well, obviously we're old Noah, Bobby and he, Oh, he gotta erase me too, man. Yeah. So see that's the, that's the fact. Matter of fact, lemme tell you, it's a different kind of pressure. This is what we should do with that. Now, before we, before we pay these folk, right, based on their field events, whether it be field events or whether it be something in track, they have to compete one more time before receiving it. They gotta Beat you. You can't tell, you can't tell me that's, you can't tell me That's not a good idea. In order to get your money, you gotta compete with me. So Noah, if you win the 102, then you gotta compete with me and run the 102 in order to get your money.


Fink, if you wanna win your money, you gotta compete with me in the 1500, those who had the, the with the four by four, right? Yeah. We mixed relay The mix. The mixed relay. They get, they mixed relay. I got my ho I get, I get Rel and I get my homeboy, I get my homeboy Re ain't ready. Oh boy. Re fast as hell, bro. You ain't never seen Rel run. Nah, rel ain't, rel ain't at all re wearing heels. Re ain't doing nothing. Nah, nah, she wait. Oh, lemme tell you something. Lemme lemme take my glasses off so I can see you now. But listen, now you, you, you know my method now I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm here. I'm here. I'm here to procreate.


Now I need to see your, your, your athletic abilities. Well she can go, boy, we went to the gym one time. And, we raced just playing around about 50 meters. 50 yards, 50 yards. We raced. Oh, I didn't open up but when I looked to my left, she was on my hip. I said, you know what? Yeah, you the one. That's all I need to see. That's all I need to see. That was it. After that, nine months later, here we go. We got another, we got another superstar in the family. So what do you keep up talking about? I ain't outta no million dollars. I think I'm, what am I down like three? Yeah, I'm at 2 75.


I tell you what Ocho you wanna split? I go 12 five. You go 12 five. Give Gabby. Alright, bet. So now I'm down 2 87, 5. Hold on, hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. We, we are a team. We are down 2 75. Nah, we, We, we ate, we are down. Okay. But hey listen, hold on. First of all, time out. I think I was very specific, right. World records got 50. Yeah. 50 people, they don't listen. They don't, they don't listen. They don't listen. Don't Even ignore world records. Not Olympic record, not an American record. I said world record. I thought I was clear for me. I changed it. I said anybody at first it was just track and feel right?


I said no allows. I said Shari, I said Sid, I said Ry, I said Grant Holloway. And, and, and now Ocho and I agreed 12 five a piece to give Gabby. That was it. We didn't put nothing else on anybody else with no gold medals. Nothing else. No, no fencing, no gymnastics, no karate, no wrestling, no nothing. Yeah. And people don't listen, man. They, they, they Don't listen. Y'all, they Don't, they don't listen at All. Har broke the world record. First of all, the world record in the 1500 meters is 3 26 flat set by Hock. Mel Garous, who's the greatest middle distance runner ever.


That is The word. They, they, they should see how they be talking to you. See how they be talking in, in the tweets about, oh yeah, you better, you better pay. Wait bitch. What Bro? Wait, who? Y Who y'all talking to? Thank you. I know. First of all, y'all don't need to worry about me. Good. Yeah. And, and yeah, I'm good too. 'cause if unc good, I'm good. We good? Good. Yeah. Nine them cat residuals. They still coming in. Yeah. Yeah. Still. Yeah. So worry about what you talking I, I promise you, I promise you. Great. I promise you my kids' trust fund did not take a hit.


If something were to unforeseen. If Lord bring me home tonight, Libby Sharp, Sterling, sharp, Kayla, Kiari, P mama, they straight, straight. My two homeboys. They gonna be good for a minute too. So I'm good. I promise you I ain't lose. I promise you I ain't stayed up one night. Like, damn. Whew man, man, I gotta write a check for 300, 400, probably five, 600. Okay. God's been good to me. Not just, yeah. And see, I don't want people to say, well God, no, God's been good to me my entire life. Yeah. So you look at where I came from to where I am, I mean a lot of people think, well, oh shit, no, no, no, no.


This is not 23 leading to 24, least going to 25. Nah, this go back from 19 80, 19 68. Yes sir. When God put it in my mom and put it in my mom's heart to say, Hey, my kids would be better if they were raised by my mom and dad on a farm in rural south Georgia instead of being with here me in south side of Chicago. So God's been great to me. And so he's put me in a situation where I can bless a few people. Now, normally that's not how I operate. Ocho you know, you and I got caught up in the moment. And, we normally, like when I do things you don't know about it. That's how I like to operate. Yes Sir. And so that's kind of, that's that's, that's my mo.


But we good guys. I promise you. We, we, we, we good. We no, we ain't good. We great. Great. We great, Great. You know, Hey, you know Cat Kat still coming down. I'm like, Kat, you did that Again. I know somebody talking about our line, man. You ought to see how them residual keep coming in. I like, Hold on. Yeah. Real talk Catt be doing cat doing numbers still better than, than a lot of the videos that I be putting out that be brand new. It can't be our six months.


So we good guys. I promise you. We good. We good. Ocho and I ocho and I ain't gonna miss no meals. The kid not gonna miss no meals. We gonna be, Hey, we gonna be like I said God, God put put us in a situation that Ocho and I are very fortunate enough, we'll be able to bless some of the athletes that competed to show that Nightcap really appreciate the effort that you displayed the sportsmanship, the, the fight that you displayed. We appreciate that And. we wanted you to know that Nightcap, we appreciate that And. We'll be able to put us, we're in a situation that we can bless some of you guys. Now what I would like to do is like get with sponsored for 2028 to definitely increase at 37 5.


Yeah. To maybe be a gold medal you and a hundred thousand, 50,000 for silver and 25 for bronze. So that's what I, that's what I would like to do. But guys, we good. I I know what I said as far as world records. I didn't say anything about Olympic records. I didn't say anything about American Records. I said world records And the fact that we, the fact that we even have to do this when they should be being compensated. Yes. Like man, I ain't, don't get me started. We gonna be okay. Ocho, we good? Oh yeah, we good. We good? We good. We good. I still be, I'll still be able to get McDonald's.


Look bro, we going, we going, we doing four days a week. You got your, you gonna be, you gonna be a contributor on first take. You going to be doing Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm going on. First Take. We gonna be, you gonna be, you got your inside the NFL. Yeah. So, bro, I got 30. Hold on. You just told me something. I'm on first take with y'all. Like I say you. We good? We good? Oh, I'm finna be on first take with Y'all. We good And, we good? Hey, when you say you were gonna, you said you were gonna get your boy in the dope baby. We in the dope baby. Yeah. Hey, we gonna be in studio. Hey. No, I gotta get, I gotta get my suits ready.


Nah, listen, I'm not doing the show unless you're in studio. Well, You, you won't want me doing the show because I'm in my studio. Alright. Alright. At least the first show. Just the first show just come in studio for the first show. No. Oh. Oh, we all on first take together. Oh, that mean y'all gotta deal with me six months out the year. That's what I'm talking about. So Let's go po ball to Anthony. Ti ti ti Oh po Vault to Anthony Ti he was over the height but something got in the way Osho. Now he could land him a big payday and adult entertainment company is offered the French athlete a Whopper 250 k to show his not the poles that he jumped with the other pole.


Right, Right, right On camera. Listen, I mean OnlyFans, PornHub, sometimes God's put you in positions. You know, it depends. It depends on what you do it, it depends on what you do in your free time. Olympics is over you home. You wanna make a little extra cash on the side. You know it all depends on your moral compass. Damn. See about to hit me up. See about to hit me up for 75. Don't yo see about, Damn. Hey, I know s probably s probably see s gonna see this hand.


Your business sis The finals are tomorrow, right? The four finals are Wednesday or Thursday. I'm on first take with y'all boy. Hey, well hold on. I got, hey, hold on, hold on. Let me, let me say a prayer real quick. Yeah boy. You said well you said you were gonna get your boy on there as soon as you let you get your foot in the door and hey, why you talk about what Mr. Worldwide is headed the conference. USA pit bull who's from South Miami, has purchased naming and rights to Florida International Football Stadium anymore to your deal. He will pay the school 1.2 million annually for the next five years for the opportunity to re-up for another five years.


The stadium also houses Miami FC FIU board of trustees approve the name to Pit Bull Stadium and a vote on Tuesday. The stadium should rename what stadium should re rename Nightcap Stadium ocho. Hey, I like that Nightcap Stadium. Who? Damn, what, what would, and they would only have night games too. Savannah State? Nah, What you mean? Nah, Nah. Okay. Alright. Yeah. Savannah State, this is, is, you know, it's UNC and ocho.


So Savannah State gets, gets, gets first dibs. You right, I'm, I should name they have, should rename the field because the, the stadium is already the Ted Ted Wright is is the name of the stadium. Who, who, who is, who is Ta Wright? I dunno. I think he's the first president of something or president of Savannah State. I I, I just know I played in the stadium, I dunno who it was. And after an off season full of back and forth, the 49 ERs are now willing to listen to trade offers for Brandon Ayu and given the star Man ain't playing with my dog, man.


Hold on. What Ted Wright was Savannah state's head football coach from 1947 to 1949. How you ain't know that For three years? Nah, I want my name but you Oh, that finna be Shannon Sharp Stadium. Shannon Sharp. Hey, I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I mean, I mean, four of you done you, you know, might as well. No, I did. Hey Mr. President, we need to talk. Who is the president? Who's the president now? I don't know. The, the, I think the interim she stepped down. So I don't know who the who the, I think it's a lady though. I think it's a lady.


Okay. She's Still there. Okay. Oh yeah, yeah. We, after off season full of back and forth, the 49 ERs are not willing to listen to trade offers from Brandon Ayu and have given the star wide received permission to negotiate a contract with other teams. That's a big change for the 49 ERs who do not have the same willingness to listen to trade offers at the start of camp. The Patriots, the Brown, the Steelers have been in, in contact with the Niners, are interested in trading for Brandon IU Pocho. What's the best fit for Brandon iu. And do you like the timing of this deal? I know, I don't like the timing of this deal. The 49 ERs knew they didn't wanna pay him.


They think he's replaceable for one, especially with the offense and the weapons that they do have. Offensive coordinator head coach feels that they can put someone else in the same position and get the same type of production that IU did because if he was a what they, what we consider special players, you don't let anybody walk and he would've been paid the best ideal fit for him. I wouldn't say the Patriots because I'm unsure about the quarterback tion that I'm unsure, unsure about the quarterback position. I like the thought of him on the opposite side of George Pickens. So Yeah, for sure. Oh, I like, I I like that.


I like, I like the thought of giving Russell Wilson another weapon, another weapon that is consistent aside from George Pickens with the great run game that takes some of the pressure off of Russell Wilson, where he doesn't have to put the ball in his hands and win through the air. But you do have two viable options, you know, that, that are, that are very good. You know, IU is a very, very, very good route runner. So he's one of those, I don't know about getting it off the muscle, but he can move the sticks. Short routes, intermediate routes, long ball, deep balls. He can play on the inside, he can play on the outside. He can do a lot. So I'm excited for him. I don't like the timing of it. Why make him wait? He's missing too much valuable time.


Yeah. Too much valuable time. You knew you didn't want to pay him. You knew you guys weren't gonna see the eye to eye based on what he wanted and what he, what I think he deserved. And you should have just got this done long time ago. Probably before, maybe during the draft or maybe after. I'm surprised that Cleveland's interested in considering that they gave Jerry Judy a a lot of money. So can you imagine him opposite of a Amari Judy in the slot? But that's not fair. That's not fair. Now I'm, that wouldn't be fair. Two, that's three, that's three elite route runners on the field at the same time. Yep.


That goddamn Jerry, Judy boy and Amari Cooper, you know Amari Cooper and Jerry Judy from, huh? They from Florida with the Alabama. Okay. I just, I just wanna make sure I just, I just wanted to hear you say, I just wanna make sure, you know, I just wanna make sure you know. Yeah. Them, them boy, them boy can cut a rug now boy cut a rug Super Bowl window. 49 ERs still open. Closed, closed. It's still, it's still there closed. Nah, it's still there. Okay. It's still there. You, you gotta think they, they, they, they're losing one individual. That is, I'm not saying it's in a disrespectful way. It's a position that is replaceable. If you think about the NFL in general, receivers are a dime a dozen.


The special ones are not the top five, the top three special. But everyone outside of that is replaceable. You can find and get that production from so many other players. Especially maybe the ones that they're going to have fill that spot the way that offenses offenses run. They'll be fine The way Shanahan calls plays, they'll be fine. Yeah. I think the thing is though, Joe, that window, that window is definitely still there. Judy Definitely still there. Jerry Judy's gonna have to prove himself. He has a lot to prove. Yeah, Because he went in front of cd. He went from a Jeff Jefferson, he went in front. A lot of guys that's been all pro, that's been multiple time Pro Bowl players. Right. He's gonna have to step up. There's no excuse as well.


They weren't using me. Right. I didn't have no quarterback. You are in the system. You have a quarterback now. So now it's time to produce. Yeah. I mean he's capable too. He's capable. I think the only thing or only issue with, with my guy Judy, is with confidence. Once that confidence kicks in and you let that, that, that, that it factor that I know you possess, you know you're gonna be fine. Let that Florida, Florida swag and Florida attitude and Aura let it let it show in your game. And I, I think he'll be all right. Yeah, I, I just, yeah, I, I agree with you Ocho. I just like, look, y'all know y'all wasn't gonna sign out you because you got Brock Purdy coming up next year. You gonna have to give him 40, $50 million.


So how you gonna have him? I mean, Deebo, you got, you got Big Trent. Big Trent wanna be the highest paid tackle. He's, he's thought of as the best tackle in football. He, he wants a new deal. You just made Christian McCaffrey the highest paid you paid got Deebo on a big contract. George Kittle is the highest paid tight end in football. You got Nick bso. Yes. Yeah. I thought Kelsey was the highest paid tight end, highest Kittle. You got what you call it, you got Nick bso, one of the top paid defensive lineman. You got Fred Warner. Yeah. One of the highest paid. Hey, well Fred, good boy. Yeah. Hey, well Fred, good outta, outta Fred. And is it Zaire?


What's the linebacker from the coast? Is it Zaire Franklin? Yeah. Right. I I might be saying his name wrong. Yeah, boy, you know, smaller undersized. Sideline the sideline man. I'm with them boys. Nasty boy. I wish I could have played in this era, man. What'd you think about it? How you think you, how, how do you think you were fair in this era? Huh? I'm just asking how you think you were fair in this era if you was real Primes Stop. I I I'm just, I'm just asking. I'm just asking what you think. Put It to you like this here. I would have more catches than I had if I played 14 years in this era. Right. I would have more catches than what I had in the 14 years in the era that I played in.


I bet you that and touchdown. Oh yeah. Most definitely. I dunno a whole lot else, but I know that. Yeah. Hey, listen, they they pass the ball. Like it ain't, it ain't Yes. Like the cows, like the cows coming home. I Mean, it's Crazy. Who led the league in Russia last year? Chris, who led the league in Russia? Christian McCaffrey. Yeah, McCaffrey. I think if I, I I I might be wrong, but I'm assuming he did. Oh, I had what? He had 15 yard rush Yards and touchdowns. Caprey had what? 50 on yards. How many yard McCaffrey had last year? He was first with 1459. Bro, I blocked for four guys that had that TD had 2017 50. Yeah. 1500.


Porters had 1500. 1500. Jamal had 1400. So how many balls you think I'm gonna catch it? We running the ball like that. We didn't, it wasn't no passing error. And see that's what I tell people. People look at Jerry, Jerry played in a running era and got 1500 catches and 22,000 yards. Or Joe. Yeah. Yeah. He had great quarterback but they ran the ball. Yeah. Well they won't get, they won't get Jerry that ball now. Oh yeah. Jerry gonna get the rock now. He should. They gonna get in that ball. Ain't nobody think about it. They, they throwing the ball. It's hard. It's hard to, I mean, Christian McCaffrey led with 1400. That's the lowest, that's the lowest win total in a long time.


When's the last somebody led the league with that few, that few yards. Russia. 'cause normally, you know, d Henry, I think Josh Jacobs had like 1600 year before. Yep. But hell, td, TD didn't, I mean, you know, 2000, you had 2000. I mean, guys get, ain't anybody running for no tooth unless Derrick Henry. But you see that's a running offense, Right? Yeah. The last time 2018 was the last time somebody had what? Fewer than 1500. Fewer than 1500. Dang. Yeah. It's a, it is a, it is a, it is a different game now. The guys are skilled and more power to 'em.


Hey, now I get, now you and I get to sit on this side and talk about 'em and think about that. Yeah. Man, look at all that money. Money, yeah. They, they, they passing it out now, man, Kelsey in a year and a half make more than I made in a career. But nephew deserve it, man. He, he bawling, he, he, he the best. Yeah. I mean, you know, hey, you take your pick, you know, some people like Gronk, some people like Kelsey. Whew. It's all on preference. It's all on preference, bro. But it's hard. The, the year in, the year out, the, the catches, the yards, the touchdowns, the playoff numbers. It's hard.


The Arizona Cardinals are selling cotton candy burritos at games this season. Would you Eat? Come on man. Hell nah man. You know I eat anything. I thought that was Cheerios. I say that thing got, is that a fruit loop or something inside? It looked like, it looked like nerds. I'm, I just listen, that's A burrito. That's like a burrito burrito. They can't, they just make it up. Anything. Hold on. What, what they got? Hold on. Ask this cotton candy on that outside. What they got in the middle meat. Oh, I thought a fruit loop. I said what is who put fruit loops In those, those fruit loop. Those Fruit loops? Yeah. That would, that would've look like, That don't even make no sense then it wouldn't be a burrito where a meat at.


I guess because they folded up nice meat. They call it a burrito. I'm good. I'm good. And then, you know I'm, listen, I don't turn down nothing when it come to eating. But I def I ain't eating that. Definitely ain't eating that. Nah, we gotta try some places while we out in Houston, in Texas. Soul food. Okay. We gotta buy soul food. Hey y'all DM Ash And. we we'll let you. No you don't. You, you ain't from, you from San Antonio. Close you from, you from the coast.


Where we go? What you want soul food? I mean, yeah. I, I would like soul Food. I what's that dude's name? That dude that to be cooking the, the ox, the, the a Turkey leg Hut? Nah, the Oxtails. The dude, the Texas and every way the candy red. It wouldn't it be cooking? What's the guy that cooking the oxtails? Where he at? They got candy, yams. As long as they got candy, yams, and macaroni and cheese. I'm good. I don't care where we go. No, I, I always, I'm, I I'm bringing lactate mean that Yeah. Yeah I do. Boy, I don't need soul food. I don't mess with no cheese. I don't mess with no. Oh, already? No. Oh my bad, my bad. Okay. Okay. I'm put, oh, I'm gonna be at a different hotel.


There ain't nobody gonna even be at my hotel. I eat soul food. Oh yeah. I'm gonna be at a different hotel. Okay. Okay. Why you at a different hotel? Yeah. Less barbecue. That's him. Oh yeah. We gotta go to Bond Barbecue place. We gotta get Trill Burger. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, bond, make it happen. Oh, he in Utah. I thought he was in Texas. What he doing in Utah? I guess that's where he from. Man. I thought that man was in Texas. Well, We still got Tri Burger. Yeah. Oh well, how Many, how many days in advance we gonna be, we gonna be there One the hell.


Oh. Oh, that's it. Yeah. We not gonna hit the strip club in Houston, Bro. Do you know how many rules we gotta play for? Well, it just, it just me. No. Who the hell you think gonna be taking this? Who gonna be filming that? Your, your, your phone. Oh, you got a TC T You see how you, you see you, I mean, you live, man, boy, you better than me bro. Ocho you see how the, you, you see the undertaking that it took for, just for that was a small scale at the Super Bowl. Imagine we going from Atlanta to Houston to Dallas.


We got flights. You gotta fly everybody in. Ain't everybody don't, don't nobody live in Texas. Damn. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Damn. You gotta put everybody up. You gotta get 'em to where Yes. Where airline, what airline you using? I don't know what what can get 'em there. American Spirit. Man. Ain't nobody fire Spirit. I'm flying it. We get everybody one, one Airbnb. Nah, hell no. No. Everybody gonna have nice, everybody have accommodations.


You know, be nice. But it's a, it is a huge undertaking. That's what I'm, oh, think about it now. Think about somebody's touring and you going from city to city and the undertaking that sit up, break that stuff down. We gotta have people sit up, break that duck down, Shoot it. Damn. Yes. And that shit crazy. Yeah. I'm, I'm not a, I'm not a artist, so I've never been, it's hard for me to even fathom what it takes to do that because I'm not familiar with it. But I understand what you're talking about. Damn. That's crazy. I mean, I'm riding Greyhound before I ride Spirit Damn Greyhound is is inexpensive though.


Yeah. So is Spirit. But now you shouldn't, you shouldn't ride at Greyhound. If anything, take the mega bust. 'cause I take the mega bust from here to Tampa sometime. No mega busts got a little bit more room and they got wifi. Now it's time Ocho for our last segment of the night, q and a Q and a. Then I gotta get a haircut, man. Damn. Know what they gonna cut. That's why I got, that's why I had the beanie on all, all, all show man, because I ain't got no haircut. I can't tell. Don't nobody know Ocho DeMar Clark said Jamaica will be back soon then it'll be a be 25 years of dominance.


All right. All right. Hold that, hold that thought. But Ocho did Jamaica, you guys have been sensational from 2008 until 2020. But do you know the stretch that the Americans were on? I mean, we won the goal in 84. In 88 in 90 in in 90 in 2000, 2004. Yeah. The women won the gold in 84. In 88. In 92. In 96 and in 2000. Bro, we've, we've, we've been dominating.


I don't think, I don't think they understand that. They just think about the run mean the Olympics. They just started in 20, in 2008 guys. Yeah. I wish y'all do know that. Right? The Olympics just didn't start when you guys started winning the hundred and 200 and the men's and women, the Olympics been going on since 1896. They don't understand that. And Look, they didn't understand it. Y'all got the fast, y'all got the fastest man to ever breathe. You say there ain't no taking that away from him. He is that and, and, and, and, and, and the bigger and the, the bigger the meet, the more the expectations, the better. He ran. And you guys had Shelly Ann and Elaine Thompson, Herra and, and, and Sheika, Jackson, Stu, Sharon Stewart.


Y'all had some y'all. But come on now y'all talking about 25 years. Yeah. Y'all do know the Olympics started in 1896. So y'all do know we had Flo Jo, right? We had Evelyn Ashford, Ty, what's the other one? What's the other one name that went to Texas? Southern? The Southern Bell. We were so bad. Ocho. We took, we took a a, a college track team, the Southern Bell with Tennessee State and won and and what was that? 60, 64, 68.


What's she had? She had braces on what's her name? Because we used to dominate the sprint ocho We dominated them. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, I think all they remember is the run that Usain had. Yes. And The, and the women. And they, they don't, they don't, they, they don't realize before that, you know, that we dominated, we run. They had a nice run. They were, We were on the run like that. Yeah. In the sixties we dominated a hundred. Yeah. We dominated the 400.


We dominated. I mean, like I said, if you, you wanna talk about dominant, you go back and look at our four by four. Yeah. We've lost a couple. But if you go back to 19, if you go back to 1964, Wilma Rudolph, did they forget about Wilma Rudolph. You know, the, you know, they don't know about them people. Man, If you go back 60, the Tennessee, the, the Bells, I think Tennessee went to Tennessee State. Right. Because I think they really, the Tennessee, the Bells, they won. They won the, the Olympics. But that's, that's what be great to talk to, to talk about Michael about that.


To talk about that the 400 and how dominant we've been in that event. Our quarter milers, I mean we go back, we go back the Southern, Southern girl. Yeah. We had Gail, Gail Divas, Valerie Briscoe Hooks. If Gail Divas doesn't hit that hurdle in 92, she hit the last hurdle. Ocho she was glad to win the hundred and the one 10 hurdles in the Olympics. And she hit the hurdle. She did exactly what Lolo, Lolo Jones did. Did. Yeah. But she won't a hundred and she won't a hundred and the two, she wasn't a hundred in 92 and 96.


But we, we dominant, I mean then, then Flo Joe was in 88 and then Evelyn Ash was in, in 84. So we dominant, we, we, we, we dominant not just sprints too hurdles, I mean, but hey, the, the Jamaicans has had a run. Omar McLeod won the gold. I think it Rio handsome Parchman won in Tokyo. But my grant Holloway got this. Yeah. What You look at a band Goddamn right, you Look at us. So Lainey Ray asked if you could pick four NFL players and four NBA players from any era to be on the four by one relay teams, who would it be on the teams and which team would win?


And ain't no NBA players gonna be out able to run N-L-B-A-N-B-A and them boys slow man. No, No. I mean, if you take Bob Hayes, you take Donna, you take James Jet, that's three guys right now. And Willie goat is over. Willie Gold, Ron Brown. I mean you had guys that actually ran in the Olympics and won medals. Yeah. How the Hell ain't no NBA player run track was that fast? I mean, what you want Russell? You take Russell Westbrook. Okay. He's fast. You take Ant man. Who else you got?


I can't even think, I can't even think of The name. Hell, I'll take, I'll, I'll take, I'll take some defensive lineman. I'll take Miles Gar, I'll take Michael. Michael Parson because he fast. I gonna take D Lineman. What's the guy that went number one overall to Houston? Oh, from Alabama? No, no, he from North Carolina State. The year Reggie Bush came out, remember when Reggie came out, he went number one. Oh, Mario, Mario Williams. Mario Williams. Mario. I take Mario Williams, I take Mario Williams. I'll take Miles Garrett, I'll take two other linemen and I run any, any NBA players in any era And boy And they and 2 75, Mario was like two 90.


Remember CL Davion was fast. He ran four Five Oh Clowny. Yeah. Yeah. Do dur ran do ran four six at 300 pounds. But that's unreal. Tight end ver VD. Vernon Davis ran 4 3 8. At two 50 he got bucket. Look at Ingram. Ingram ran like 4, 4, 4. No, no. Now I would like to see you remember ABC used to have the wor the fastest Man when they had Darryl Green, rod, Herschel Walker, all those Guys was running. Was that Darryl Green back in the day?


I would like to see something like that. Yeah, but that'd be dope. No man, I don't think people realize like how fast like, like really, really fast NFL players are. Yeah. I don't think they just realize it and how the speed they Don't because most of them guys That size Because they, you watching it from tv so it doesn't give you a good, a good idea on how fast people are really moving. It does, you know, justice watching from tv, even if you are at the game sitting in the stands that does you no justice unless you feel level. Yeah. You gotta be on the sidelines. So you could actually see it up close and be like, oh my goodness.


Yeah. On how fast some boys be moving. Well Hold on. JV Javian Clowny ran, he ran ankle leg on his four by one. Dude two 60 Yeah Fast. Jordan, Jordan Davis. Dude ran, didn't he run like a sub five second flat at 3 55? 360? Yeah. Yep. Come on Man. Man, come on now. Boy's big boy fast. Yeah. Think they moving G Guy's not supposed to move that fan Sojo when we coming out O Joe, we ain't have no guys. I mean It not that size. No, no, not at that size. Hell no. South Carolina got a guy on the football team that qualify. He read like a 20.2 dude, like two 50 Big boy.


I forgot his name. Yeah. Nah, I don't think, I don't think the NBA players could outrun Chad. Y'all really think if you took four NBA players from any era, they could outrun four NFL players. Do y'all really think that? No, they just, they just talking. They Just talking. Niggas say they out your call Ocho Gump. You had a, you really fake that. You did. They say you like Forres Gump. You know Forres do everything. He play table Teddy. He did it all. But I listen, but I do, I do do all that stuff. I'm listen, when I talk about things And, we talk about the Olympics and stuff like this. I'm giving you my life experiences on what I've done throughout the entirety of my life before football came along.


These are, these are all real events. Yeah. And I play, I play ping pong, I play table tennis in, in Overtown. I play, I I'm known for table tennis in Overtown. That's what I do. Ask my homeboy Buck Weed and my homeboy Buck Weed out Overtown Now. Ojo. That's what I play. I play table tennis. We ain't mention Prime. We ain't mention Tyree. Ooh. We ain't mention Bo Jackson. We ain't mention we, we, we tried to get, we tried to get y'all some D lineman. It's not even close. I not, not even close. I mean y'all just saw Xavier worthy run 4, 2, 1.


That boy's getting out bro. Yes. And plus they don't run like that. So there, there's never a reason for them to open up because the court's only 94 feet where they gonna run out the total run to the locker room. They ain't got no reason to build up no speed like that. So they don't train like that. Yeah. Okay. You cook. Who? You Man, UNC. Come on man. Now you listen, when you hired me as a co-host, you supposed to do your homework. I did. You supposed to do your homework on some of the things I did to see if we fit, if the chemistry would be great, you know, and you, we could talk about some of the things that I've done, you know, some of my life experiences now, you know I went to culinary art school at La Cordon Blue.


Now come on man. Oh, you supposed to know this stuff man. One of the reasons why I was able to get real, because you know I don't spend no money is the fact that I had the quality of being able to cook. That's it. I thought they called you. I thought you got it. Car, they called you lizard, Huh? Nah, it ain't, nah, nah, nah, nah. That lizard that was, that was back in the day. That's when they called me Lizard. But I'm I'm just saying why you need Help. You Need, I went, I went to LA car, I went to LA Cord on Blue. Man, You need to seek therapy For what? Why you ain't know I could Why you ain't know about I throw down now? No, tomorrow.


Buller said my daughter starts school on Tuesday at Savannah State tomorrow. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. I really appreciate that. She's gonna love it. College by the sea, the blowing orange tigers. We take quarterbacks, we take Michael Vick, we take RG three. Who else, who else had, who else had speed OCHO at Quarterback? Yeah, we Give Terrell, we give 'em Terrell Pryor Terrell. Oh. And the kid outta Arkansas. Remember the kid that moved to wide receiver? Oh, he played with me. You played with me Mallet, I think me, I think, no, Jones. Jones, the quarterback. They moved in wide receiver at Jacksonville and they drafted, remember that Matt, Matt Jones?


Matt Jones. Matt Jones. Yeah. Yeah. I remember Matt Jones. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sheldon Poste says if Russ lose QB one to Justin Fields, is it the end of his hall of Fame career or will he be willing to take a backup role? I don't know. I don't know how he, I don't, Man, ain't no goddamn backup and stop hyper thing. He's not finna lose a job, man. You don't think so? Hell No. So you think Russell will be, so Russell will be the starting quarterback for the entire season of Pittsburgh? Yes. Bet you he'll be the bet.


Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Wait, wait. No, no, wait, wait. No. Bet you he would Be the starting quarterback of the Pittsburgh ceiling. Oh my God. The Pittsburgh Steelers for the entirety of football season. As long as he's playing efficient football and not turning the ball over for this team in mom's way, well what got lose His job. That's not, that's playing efficient and not turning the ball over what ahead. But there you go. No Bet. Two 50. You want a bet? Yeah. Wait, what? Wait, say what's the bet first before I take It? Bet that Justin Fields will start at some point this year. Oh man, I'm taking that bet. I'm taking that bet. It's one but you don't, well, one thing you never do, you'll never bet against God's child. And Russell Wilson is one of God children.


I ain't betting against God's child. You, I take that bet. Any I take that bet any day I Bet. Against you. And That's now you ain't betting against me. Yes. I'm Wait, so you think Justin Fields at some point ain't gonna take, is gon is gonna start or play Yeah. Over Russell Wilson, man. Not, not, not over Jesus sandals. Let's bet, bet two 50. We bet. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. 20 $50, right? Yeah. Two 50. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I had to, I had to clarify that. Ah, Man. Ojo, you need help man. Guys, you don't wanna miss tomorrow Michael Johnson will be joining us. We're gonna talk, gonna talk to him about not only the a hundred meters and, and Noah Lyes winning the race in one of the closest race in Olympic history.


But also Gabby, we talk, we'll talk about Karri and what does and who is what is the 400 meters finals? Is that Thursday too? We're gonna, we hey, we're gonna ask him a lot. We gonna ask him a we gonna, we we're gonna cover a lot of topics because there's a lot to talk about and we've had Justin Gatlin on who did an unbelievable job of breaking down men, men's, men's on Friday. Women's a win. Sorry. Okay. So it'd be very, very interesting what he has to say. Please make sure, thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button.


Please make sure you hit that like button. And guys do us a favor. Go join Nightcap. Subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from every podcast subscriber counts. Thank you for you guys for thank you guys for making us what we are today. And, we are only gonna get bigger and better. Thanks to you. Make sure you hit check out Shay by La Portier. We're taking pre-orders. We have it in stock, so we should be able to turn, turn your order around fairly quickly. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company, which is 84, which is 84, spelled out our Olympic merch just dropped.


The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Use code Olympics the Americans Trounce Brazil to advance to the semifinal. Round 1 22 to 87 over Brazil. They'll next face Serbia, who they beaten twice in what the last week or so. So good for them. Cole Hawker wins the 1500 meters with a new Olympic record of 3 27, little over 3 27. And Gabby Thomas wins the gold in the 200 meters after getting bronze in Tokyo just three years earlier. By the time of 2182. She's the first American woman to win the 200 meters since Alison, Felix, Julian a Alfred was second.


And we also had, we also got the brown, the bronze medal. Cole Hawker, as I said earlier, he out kicks Josh Kerr and his American teammate, Yari na Goose and wins in three minutes. 27 65 New Olympic record. Valerie Allman wins her second disc gold medal. She won in Tokyo. She lives again by almost two, two meters. 69.5 0 221 feet 0.184. Sophie Smith scored early in the first extra time as the US women national team punched their ticket to the gold medal round. And that's it.


I am your favorite off Shannon Sharp. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, the all pro Liberty City's own. The man can swim. He could cook, he could rock climb. He could run the 400 meter hurdle. He could wrestle. There's not anything that Chad Ochocinco Johnson cannot do coming to us. His all encompassing one man act is coming to a city near you. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm unc, he's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow. Goodnight The Volume.


Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Myers smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious Bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila cab, Doja Cat, Dua Lippa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier. Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more. Buy tickets now@axs.com.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads and sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of Wo Manica, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women. History has forgotten. Who doesn't love a sports story, the rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the sprinter fighting for aboriginal rights. Listen to on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello, Malcolm Gladwell. Here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games. Adolf Hitler's games, fascism, antisemitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, craven, self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long, contentious lead up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.