
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Holiday Magic is in the air and DS W's got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or DSW dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video. Breaking the tackle touchdown this week. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're Gonna love This Coverage begins with TNF tonight, not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears Thursday on on Prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Wasabi Technologies is purpose built to free businesses from skyrocketing storage costs and unpredictable egress fees from those old and top heavy legacy providers. You know the big guys. Wasabi is the go-to provider for professional and collegiate sports teams around the world. From Wasabi's, AI enabled intelligent media storage, wasabi Air to the industry's only cloud storage service. With triple protection against cyber criminals, wasabi is driving innovation in data storage all for up to 80% less than those other guys. Try them out for free@wasabi.com.


Welcome to TGL presented by SoFi Golf's newest league. It's sharp and it's electric. How is it sharp? How is it electric? Good questions. Try this on for size. Two hours of hammer dropping overtime, forcing playoffs on the line. Golf with 24 of the best players from the PGA torque split into six teams. Atlanta, Boston, Jupiter, la, New York, and the Bay. This isn't your average Sunday pickup game. Catch the inaugural TGL match January 7th only on ESPN. Keep up. It's gone.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New drafting customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. As you watched the Dallas Cowboys that played really hard for a team that's not going anywhere. They win by the score of 26 to 24 ocho. Yeah, the defense got after Baker Mayfield. Cooper Rush did a great job of distributing the football. They couldn't run it, but Cooper Rush made enough plays with his arm cd. Lamb had some big plays and they win the game. 26 24. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp, that guy with a Christmas tree. And the backdrop is your favorite number, 85 Liberty City's own Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. Tell family, friends, and loved ones to do likewise. And guess what? We need one more favor from you. Mm. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from and check out Shaa by La Poitier. We have it in stock and the holidays are upon us. Christmas is three days away and although we will not be able to get it to you by Christmas or New Year's, if you order it because you can't find it any city or state near you, we'll get it to you at the first of the new year. And one more thing, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company on all of its platforms.


That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last week. We've got shirts and sweats, we've got stocking stuffers such as beanies, zas, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Everyone started receiving their orders yesterday. The remaining orders will be delivered this week. We had a glitch in in our system and there are some orders that had single bugs. So obviously if you ordered multiple things that was able to go out without a glitch. But we found out what it was. Obviously I'm not disappointed in that. I don't make it excuses and so we're gonna make sure that don't happen again because if it does, we're gonna move to a different loca, different site.


So I can promise you that will not happen again. So we're sorry for any inconvenience. The order will be shipped. We're sorry that it didn't get to you in the time that you anticipated. We don't do excuses here. I don't make excuses, but it was a glitch in the system. It wasn't obviously. So I wanna personally apologize for everything at Nightcap in the shipping department. But any single orders for the mugs, there's gonna be a slight delay and I apologize for that. But thank you for your patience and we thank you for guys for letting us know tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first Springs tour. Stop. They're on sale right now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat, February the sixth in New Orleans.


Be there. You don't wanna miss it. And we have some great guests lined up for you. We've been nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Again, nominated for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football Podcast and best Sports Comedy podcast. Please go vote. The link is pinned in the chat, pinned on our social pages and in all of our social bios. Ocho, as I mentioned at the top, the Cowboys, excuse me, defeated the bucks. 26 to 24 Cowboys sealed the victory, great play by Bland, took the ball right outta the guy's hand and he's going to the dirt.


It wasn't good enough for him to just make the tackle. He wanted to make sure he get the ball and end the game at that very moment. And that's exactly what he did. But in the process of doing that, not only did they defeat the Bucks. The bucks, now Reed, the Atlanta Falcons, the Falcons are now in first place. Yeah. In the NFC South, which they are, the four seed and Tampa slides all the way down to the eight seed where you say eight seed is not bad, Shannon. Well, considering they only take S teams, it's very bad. Now. We'll see, Sunday night Ocho the commanders and the Falcons play. Two rookies gonna start Pennix obviously for the Falcons. Jane Daniels, who definitely secured the rookie of the year, offensive rookie of the year with that performance today, I think he had done enough over the last couple of games, right.


To kind distance himself from bow Nicks. But he left no doubt. And what he did today, the five touchdown performance coming from behind and doing it, he wins that award. But Ocho, when you look at the Cowboys, give them credit, they ain't got nothing to play for. They knew going into this game after the commanders had done what they have done, their playoff folks were done. Yeah. And they still come out here and give you that type of effort. Pressured Baker Mayfield the entire night, they picked him off, sacked him four times, pressured him numerous times, and they got the big strip fumble at the end of the game to close it out. What did you like about what you saw from the Cowboys? See, Listen, I like the fact that they didn't give up. I like the fact that they didn't give up it.


I saw effort on both sides of the ball in all, in all three phases of the game. I don't, I wonder if tonight performance is enough to say Mike McCarthy job. That's, that's a question that I have now based on what I saw from them tonight. If you can play the way you played tonight with all the injuries that you have, what's going to happen if you have a team that's healthy and you can play like you did tonight with nothing on the line as far as playoff implications are concerned that, I mean, that that's, that's, that's, that's the first thing that came to mind. Why are you playing this hard tonight? Where was this, where was this fight? Where was this type of effort? Where was this type of consistency on both sides of the ball during a regular season when Dak was a quarterback? I mean, like, what are we doing?


Why do we decide to play like this? You know, when I, I guarantee you this unc I guarantee you this. If there were people that were betting on the game, I guarantee they had all their money on goddamn Tampa to win. Probably so. Yeah. I I'm like, I I and I, I don't know what it is about games like this and playing teams that have nothing to lose and you're playing for a playoff spot for some reason, teams like the Cowboys always seem to ruin the team chances to maybe get in a better spot and sometimes even knock a team out the playoffs. Well, hell, you know, if we ain't going, you ain't going either. Yeah. Misery loves company. But here's the thing, Ocho this is what, you know, at the end of the year, people start playing for jobs because now I need to see, okay, who's giving up and who's still fighting?


'cause at the middle, in the middle of the season, okay, Ocho we playing, we still got a chance. Right? Right. But now this is when coaches, this is when general managers, this is when front office, this tells you a lot about your players when you have absolutely positively nothing to play for. Right. And you still summons up the energy because you're still getting a check. Oh yeah. Or you ca have you cashed it in and tonight, clearly by the game, by what you saw, you see the Cowboys are still scrapping, they're still clawing, they're still trying to do everything they possibly can, although they know their season is over, basically they've got two more games. Yeah. And then after that, after those two games, they get those hefty bags, they clean out their lockers. You can give all your info, Hey bro, what you got going on? Hit me up.


If you in, if you come to Houston or if you come to Atlanta, if you come to wherever, Hey man, let's get a trip to let's hit to Vegas. You do all the information, you do your little, you say your goodbyes and you move on. Yeah. You got, you got your exit meeting, You got Yeah. That's, that's absolutely, that's Monday. You go by and talk to your position coach, you talk to the head coach. And then normally have my flight scheduled at one o'clock because I was getting over there early. What time you coming in? First thing? First thing, I'm, I'm, first I'm first. Hey, hey, you better have, you better have more tenure to me because I'm bump everybody. Hey, I'm gonna see my position coach first and I'm gonna see, hey, hey bro, back up.


I'm gonna see Mike. Right. You getting up outta there, huh? Quick. Absolutely ain't nothing. Stick, stick, stick, stick around For what? Because the way I did it, I didn't go home, so I didn't go back. So only time I went back to Denver was for mini camps. Okay. Okay. And I never went home in off season, during the season. So So You there the whole time? I'm there the whole time. So I'm ready to get home. Okay. When I leave to go back to Denver, I'm ready to get back to Denver. Right. I'm outta there. Yeah. Hey, I let y'all know I can get in touch with me. Ain't No, ain't no back and forth. Nah, ain't no back and forth. I'm there. I'm, I'm, I'm where I'm supposed to be. But I was very impressed with the Cowboys.


It's not like Tampa, Tampa played bad. No. Baker threw for 304 yards. They ran the ball for hundred 34 yards. But the Cowboy's pressure was relentless tonight. Yeah. That D-line did a great job. Zim did a great job of disguising, bringing extra pressure. They pressured him. Pressured him a lot more than what then I probably, I thought they, they they could but give the Cowboys credit, like you said Ojo for a team that didn't have anything to play for, they knew their season was basically over. Yeah. There's no playoff potential. And to come out and give this kind of effort, and as you said, hell, if y'all have gave this effort, had you been playing like this on defense the entire season, who knows what your season could have been.


And we don't wanna blame it on injuries because guess what, you, you more banged up now than you was in the beginning. Right? In The beginning. Yeah. And You didn't give this effort, you didn't give this effort against the Ravens. You didn't give this effort against the Saints. You didn't give this effort to the, against the Eagles. There are a lot of teams you didn't give this effort against. And that's why you take your ass home instead of getting ready to play, try to make a playoff. Excuse me, to make a deep playoff push. Right. That's why you're not Yeah, But Cooper Rush 26 to 35, 2 92 1 touchdown. He was only sacked once. They didn't run the ball well at all. They only had 20 Karas for 31 yards. That, That, that's the funny thing. The fact that they couldn't run the ball, which made them one dimensional.


And then Cooper Rush, when it came to passing, he was still good. Yes. He Was still good. I was surprised that they couldn't generate more pressure than what they got. Yeah. I I was, I was very, very, very, very surprised. Tampa couldn't generate the more pressure than what they got. And I thought because Tampa was running the ball offic. Well, right. But the Cowboys laid like, hey, they pinned their ears back. Yeah. Baker give Baker credit because he got, he, he threw the ball Well under some very adverse circumstances. The play, the last play that ended of the game, he supposedly had have been sacked. Yeah. He tried and cla scratched and clawed and got his hands up and shoveled it to, I think it was white that he Yeah.


Was that white that, that ended up having the ball taken from him. But give the Cowboys credit, the tonight is their night. They played well they won 26, 24 and they got something. They got the tough, they got a tough matchup next week, if I'm not mistaken, they got the Eagles Got The Eagles are gonna be upset. They let one slip away. Yeah. Had an opportunity to get home field or still stay in the running for home field. Right. That's no longer possible, I don't think. I don't see, I don't see Detroit losing the la losing out. They got Minnesota, one of these games games. Minnesota still has an outside chance of getting home field. I think, I think they got Minnesota the last game if I'm not mistaken.


Okay. And, but it's in But it's in Detroit. Yeah. Oh yeah. Detroit got, don't Detroit have the Packers? I think Detroit has the Packers. They got the, the Packers and Minnesota to close out the season. Ooh. So that's gonna be talking About, talking about fireworks. Oh, that's firework season. Detroit goes to San Fran and then they get the Vikings at home. The pack the the Vikings have the Packers. Right. And the Lions, they play the Packers. They play the Packers. They got the Packers next week Minnesota does. And then they close out the season in Detroit. Detroit goes on the road to San Fran and then they close out the season against Minnesota at home.


Okay. So That's gonna be tough. I think when the NFL went to this alignment OCHO where the final game of the season is all division, this is what they hope for. Yeah. Because people start to elcho, people starting to sit people a week, two weeks a week. No hold, wait a minute. You can't sit down. This ain't, this ain't no NBA ain't no load managing here. We want something, we want to mean something. Don't think the nf because this could, this could very well be home field advantage in a lot of, lot of situations. Right. Determining decided in the last week of the season. So the NFL is getting exactly what they wanted and what they had hoped to happen.


And I can't wait till next week. Oh Joe Jalen hurts. Wow. 36 33 game winning drive. Jalen hurts on a scramble, got hurt, got ruled, got knocked outta the game with a concussion in the first quarter. Yeah. Jalen Daniels. Jayden Daniels was sensational. Five touchdown passes today, mark, the first time the Washington has won a game with five plus giveaways since week 17 of the 2002 season versus Dallas let that sick air. Yeah. They won a game. Remember Detroit had a game like that this season? Ocho Yeah. Golf through five picks and they still won the game. Yeah. That happened today. This is the first time that Washington has won a game with five plus turnovers with and 30 plus points allowed in the Super Bowl era.


Right. They had no business winning this game with the exception of the sensational rookie. Yeah. And he was, he was sensational. Now you gotta get a little help. They, a couple of blown coverages Ocho and then because they left the kids wide open on the sideline, I don't know what they did with that. Yeah. And then Jay Daniels threaded the needle to a crowder for the game winning touchdown. But I love the way Jay Daniel the poison, which he showed Oto getting out of harm's way scrambling. Jayden was 24 39, 2 58, 5 touchdowns, two pitch. He was sacked three times. They ran the ball. 24 for one 13 Daniels nine carriers 90, 81 yards.


Zakia had five for 70 and two touchdowns. Terry McClure had five for 61 touchdowns. Jay Crow of 2 15, 2 touchdowns. They were sensational. Yeah. Se Seon, I thought Sequ was like, man, I thought Sequ was gonna go for like two 50 again. Yeah. Listen, the, the way he ran the ball in the first quarter, the first, let's say the first half, the way he ran the ball in the first half. I'm like, well, hey, he, he might, I said 300. I say he might go, But you know, I, I don't, I don't know what happened. Obviously the injury to Jalen hurts in the first quarter. Yeah. In, in the first half. I thought they would've leaned more on Saquon as far as the running concerned. But, but that didn't happen.


I knew the playbook would change the plays that the running would change and they didn't ex they didn't get enough of a lead. Once Kenny Pickett had to come in that quarterback because you know, once the, once the backup comes in, you know that the playbook is shrinks the play, the playbook shrink. You can't run the same plays you run with Jay Kurtz with Kenny Pickett. So things do change and they didn't have enough lead to be able to win this game. And once that momentum shifted in favor of the commanders with Jayden, when, when Jayden got that goddamn fourth and 11 unc, I knew it was gonna be a long day. Well we saw this, it was Gonna be a long day. Ocho what happened first game of the season, Saquon dropped a pass that would've given him a first down run the clock out.


You remember that? And then, then we got Devonte Smith. Yeah. He got a touchdown instead of kicking the field goal. Boom. But they dropped a lot of passes. My boy aj, I love AJ Brown, but AJ Brown drops a lot of passes Ocho He does. Yeah. He gotta focus. And I know some, a lot of times Ocho you and I both been there. Yeah. When you feel you're not gonna get the targets that you need, you are trying to get to the house on every throw Everything. And in, and in order to do that, sometimes you gotta do this. You gotta catch the ball already with your eye and the hill's already over looking to get a field. And I think, I think that's what's happening with, with aj, he's doing a lot of that because he like, man, I ain't gonna get but so many.


I mean Right. Think about Ocho, he had 15 targets, he called eight of them. Yeah. That ain't, that ain't, that ain't a good ratio. Well A actually, you know what, it, it is funny you think about the drops of AJ Brown, Devonte Smith had one I think, I think could have sealed the game if he had for that. Oh, It would've, it would've because then put, think about how many points did have put him up. Right? So now you need, you gotta score, get the ball back and score again. Because now that they get the touchdown that puts 'em up two scores. Yeah. Or you run the, or you're gonna run the timeout. Go ahead. Yeah. No, not that, that was it. That was it. I was, I was gonna say that that ball Devonte Smith, when he, when he dropped that over the middle, I think that that play in general or that catch would've sealed the game and they could have run the clock out from that point.


If I'm, if I'm, if I'm not mistaken, I'm not sure how much time was on the clock, but those costly drops at important times in the game, especially a game like that when you're starting quarterback is out, you got to make those plays. You, you have to make those plays, Bro. I don't know what's happened to Marshawn Denmore, bro. He literally got Philly right down the field. He got like three, four holding calls on one possession and they could have called him again in the end zone. And he talking about what bro, you holding the man, you got the man around the waist, you got the man armed and you looking at the fish. Like what? Yeah. I'm like, do you not realize you're like literally holding this man? Yeah. I Think the, I mean, oh, Joe, I'm talking about literally Yeah, I, you know, I do, I do think in his case you have to think how much time he's, how much time Marshawn has been out, obviously the trade going from the saints to the commanders and then coming off hurt.


Yeah. He's coming off a injury. So until he can get his legs back underneath him, I think, you know, you wanna hold a little bit, you're little handsy. You're not using, not playing with your technique, you're not using your eyes, you're not trusting your feet, you know, and stuff like that. So you do, you tend to hold, you tend to grab to make sure you are in position to be able to make those plays. And they were costly. Right. And see the thing is with with with, you have to understand with, with aj, he's a big physical receiver. He's not t he's not t he's not a guy that's looking to ah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's looking, he's looking to play through you. He's trying to play through contact. So you have to be physical with him. You can't be like a, a a, a typical D like a typical DB with a regular receiver, small body receiver, you know, and play it because he's gonna play through contact and the last thing you want to do is catch the ball and face you up.


Because if he faced catch the ball and face you up at his size. Yeah. He gonna run through most dbs. And so Latimore got a little handsy with him, but I was like, bro, I, because at first I was like, this gotta be a rookie. Ain't no way, there's no veteran DB getting all these calls. And then I was like, damn, that's Marshawn Latimore. Yeah. And then it don like, bro, he just coming back from injury, so Yeah. Not where he to be. He's not seeing things. His body, his body is not what, you know, not his footwork, his technique is not what it needs to be. But they got away with one today. And the reason why Saquon didn't have the second half is because guess what? There's no threat.


Yeah. Well Kenny Pickett is not gonna run the ball. What you call him, Jalen, hers is a threat to run the football. Oh yeah. So now we don't believe Kenny Pickett can beat us throwing the football. Nope. So you know what we gonna do Defensively, you can call it completely different game. Absolutely can call Absolutely Different game. Oh, you know what, man, let me, let me let sta let me stack this box. Yes. Let, lemme sta lemme stack this box. This is what we finna, do you think you gonna run it today Uhuh? No, I I don't believe Kenny Pickett can throw the Eagles to a victory, but I believe say I know Saquon can run him to a victory. Oh yeah. So let, hey, let's tighten this thing down on Saquon. Let, Hey, no more big plays.


Hey, let him get his one twos like that. We can live with that. But we can't let him hit his head on a goal post. No, we do not believe Kenny Pickett can beat us throwing the football and he couldn't. But that was a big, I mean, they're not, listen, it's a lot easier ocho for the backup to come into the game when they, they're not expecting it. You, they, you don't practice for the backup. You practice for Jalen Hurtt. So your defense is kind of tailored, tailored to what Hurtz can do. Hurtz can beat us. Give DQ credit. Dan Quinn, who's the head coach, who's also the DC give him like, but it's a lot easier to call for Kenny Pig.


He ain't going nowhere. Right. He ain't going nowhere. Whereas Jalen hurts, we gotta keep him in the pocket. We can't run past him because he'll jump out the window and he'll run take off from us. Right. Kita Pickett ain't going nowhere. Even if we run past him, we'll chase his ass down. Yeah. So how, how long, how long do you think it it, one of, one of the the funny things about concussion protocol, it seemed like it varied depending on who the player is or the significance of the injury based on, you know, what they feel as far as when you have to take those con concussions Optimize, he'll be back next week. Just, just like that. Yeah. I mean if he's coming back that fast, I mean there's no reason why, I mean, I would've thought he would've been able to come back into this game.


But They, they, they do take it a little, a little bit, a little bit more for precaution. Right. Because now you gotta go in the tent and now they can call down. They got neurologists and neurologists and stuff upstairs. Ocho they can signal down and say like, he look a little wobbly, let's get him off the field for a play. Let's get him into the tent. Let's get him, you know, get him evaluated and see. But you can tell because he got hit in the side. See that was the problem that he had. He going down his head and then the guy hit him in the side of his head right Here. Yeah. He he was wobbly now. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. He was absolutely, He was wobbly. But give them credit. The Eagles lose to the Washington commanders. The commanders 10 and five with that win, the Cowboys and the 49 ERs were eliminated from the playoffs.


The Eagles fall to 12 and three still. They, I already won the, the the No hell nah. They still haven't Washington still catch 'em. 'cause if they lose out and Washington went out, can Washington catch em? Yes. No. What if they both, what if they both, what if they both 12 and five? Because I don't think the Eagles hadn't won the division have they? Yeah. So Red can, so that means Washington can catch him. Kansas City won the division. That means nobody in the division can catch him.


Right. Buffalo is one the division. That means nobody in the division could catch him. But I think they would have to win. Washington would have to win out and the Eagles would have to lose out. Yes. Washington has at home against the Falcons on the road against the Cowboys. The Eagles have the Cowboys this week. And who do they close with? Giants. They ain't losing out. Yeah. But keep your head up.


Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll learn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. Including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community at this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include realtime tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates 3:00 AM for their unconventional thinking.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot you can stop team burnout in its tracks. Plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With Breeze HubSpot's collection of AI tools, you can pinpoint the best leads possible. Capture prospect's attention with Clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam Tainment. A new podcast. Podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Demurs. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way. NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Oh, Joe, your Bengals defeated the brows 24 to six Jamar Chase passed 1500 yards, breaks his own franchise receiving yardage record. I I told you, I told you who he was. I told you Garrett Miles, Garrett got his a hundred sack before turning 29 years of age. He tied the great Bruce Smith as the fourth fastest to re get a hundred sacks. Right. The Bengals next play at home on Saturday, if I'm not mistaken, against the Broncos. Correct. And We against who The Broncos Guess who gonna win that game? And I'm gonna be there. Matter of fact, I'm going to the game. I hope it's cold. I hope it's cold. 'cause y'all don't do well in the cold. You do realize like Denver gets cold in Denver.


Right. It get cold in Cincinnati too. Just as cold. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Know we, we used to the cold Joe Burrow 23 or 32 52. Three touchdowns. Zero interception. Yeah. He wore sacked four times. They ran the ball Joe 22 times for 116 yards. Chase Brown, 18 carriers 91 yards, but it was T Jamar Chase six for 97 in the touchdown. He's going to win the triple crown. Yeah. Nobody's even close to him in touchdowns, catches or yards. So he's gonna get that. Yeah, he had eight for 58. One touchdown.


How you say that name? LOAs. Just, just say Yoshi. Yoshi Yoshi had three for 53. Yeah. Cleveland. Yeah. Miles. Garrett looking to get up outta there. Yeah, I yeah, I mean you obviously He looking to get up outta there. Ocho Yeah, mo Mo mo most times normally with a player like that, a a player of his caliber that doesn't cause any problems. He comes to play week in and week out regardless of what's going on. You know what you gonna get out of him. You wanna un you understand that as a team, as a ownership gm, you understand that you're in a rebuilding stage.


You're going to have to find a quarterback one that you can, you can build with. Yeah. And that you are in a rebuilding stage as far as Mal Garrett is concerned. If you care about the individual as a player, allowing not, not, how do I say it? Not keeping him imprisoned while you're in a rebuilding stage do right by the individual because he's always done right by you. Now most times when it comes to business, they don't think like that. But you would think in this case, in this scenario, after what he's already said and what he's done for you and what he's given that organization in that city, you give them an opportunity to go play for play for a contender. And and, And they give you, go ahead. I would think, I would think and hope they, they, they would do the right thing until they, until they rectify their situation.


Now the quarterback position, I Mean it's gonna take a king's ransom to get him. You're talking about a guy that's 29 years of age. Premier doesn't miss time. He gives it to you every game. He's great against the rusher, obviously he's a premier pass rusher, which that's what everybody's looking for, right? He can play, he plays the run. He's durable. He doesn't give you any problems on the field or off the field. When you go to bed at night, you don't worry ha having to worry about getting a call saying, Hey, miles gar is in trouble. Right. You don't worry about that. He's one of those guys. You rest real easy knowing that he's gonna be a professional both on and off the field at all times. And you can respect that and you appreciate that.


But it is probably gonna take two first rounders, maybe even a player, a quality player that's on your roster, right? And some others, maybe a second or a third. He's not coming cheap nor should he. Because what if you're giving up that level of player Ocho, I need to be able to replace it with draft picks. Now there is no guarantee you're ever gonna get a player player to replace, to feel, to be what he was. Right? Right. But I got, I'm, I'm more, see the problem is with Cleveland, they're more than miles gart away. So I would come out better ocho you know what I'm saying? Getting draft picks and a potential player to try to and, and build from there. If I was just a miles Garrett away, I'm like, nah, I'm gonna keep it.


And if I just get one player. But there are a lot of players away. Ocho Yeah, yeah. Especially offensively. Yeah. I think, I think honestly defensively, I, I think they're good. I think they're sound, if they could have some adequate, consistent quarterback play that can, you know, move they ass up and down they goddamn feel and be able to facilitate the ball that we've seen from them in spurts when certain quarterbacks have have been in there. I think, I think they'll be fine. But I mean, just, just right now it's, it's not what it is. And I I I would hope they do right by Miles Garrett and giving him the opportunity to go and play for a contender. So We'll, we'll, we'll Speak too. And, and, and, and Cleveland, Cleveland played him tough for as long as they possibly could.


Ojo. Yeah, they did. It is just that they're unmanned. The quarterback position, they look at it, they ran the ball 24 times for a buck 46. So you getting what, five, six, you getting basically six yards of carry Ocho, right? Yeah. You can't complain about that. Ford gave you 11 for 92. The, your quarterback has great legs. He's a mobile quarterback. Not that accurate, but you know, they got a touchdown, got a callback with holding or got another big first down. Got that callback for holding. They're, they, you know, they're okay, but they're, they're ways away offensively oj they're way, they're ways away. They need a couple of wide receipts. I mean Judy is good, but I mean, Judy's like bro, even he's thinking like, man, if I just had a decent quarterback, y'all still not can do if y'all got a quarterback to get me to rock.


Yeah, y'all saw that the last three weeks. Yeah. But he got three targets for 20 yard, three car, three targets, two catches, 20 yards. What, what he supposed to do with that. Absolutely nothing but this, this is a game, a game like this. If I were Judy, you know, when I I I, I think about some of the times when I had Gus Farro, you know, when I had Scott Mitchell, when I had John Kidnap and understanding that, you know what the offensive, the, the, the offensive play call, it was gonna be a little different. You know, the ball coming to me was gonna be a little different. So what I would do, what I would do is it's always before I leave or break the huddle, boom. I call it mindfuck the quarterback. He already has enough to worry about. Unc, you don't wanna bother the quarterback. He has to come to the line.


He has to go through his read, he has to go through his progression, his pre-snap stuff. So always when the play is called, right before I leave the huddle, I tap his hip. All right, now I'm here. And just, just that, just to let him know if you want where to go with the ball. I don't care what the, I don't care what the play call is. Hey, I don't care what the play call is. I'm, you know what to do. And I, Hey listen, and then unc, you know how I am. I know you seen the clip before. I come out the huddle and, and I line up and I see coverage and it's mad whether it's off or whether he's on the first thing I do, you can hit it in the entire stadium. Just alert the quarterback. Alright. Now when you hear, when you hear that sound, you know what time it is.


Right? They'll take a peek. Now you ain't gotta do much to take a quick peek. Now if I hit you with that, yeah, I got you. Yeah. I'll tell you 99%, 90 point, 99.9% of the time I got you. Like life insurance. I, I tell comm all the time, because you ain't gotta do that. You ain't gotta go through all that bullshit. Now I got you. Yeah. Understand that. Yeah. But Ocho you saw this again. Joe got sacked and the ball came out. Don't do that. Don't do that. Now don't, don't do that. Don't, don't do that. I'm just saying. No, I I I hear you. I hear but but don't do that. Come on now. I understand. I know, I know. In Kansas City.


What happened, Ocho, you had a seven point lead. What happened? Yeah, the ball came out. Okay. Pittsburgh, Baltimore. You see what happening is, and see the problem with fans don't understand is what you do understand. Yeah. You had a 14 point lead. Yeah, but what happens when you don't have that lead? You had that league against Baltimore, you had a 10 point lead, and then what happened? You threw a pick, you fumbled, boom. Now you had a seven point lead against Kansas City script sack scoop score Pittsburgh, you threw two picks and well pick and you fumbled it. Yeah. That's what gets you beat with you play in Cleveland. You supposed to Mo Wap Cleveland, that offense. Oh. Couldn't do nothing.


Well, yeah, listen, it's still Cleveland now. The defense ain't bad now, But the offense worse, Bad. Yeah. Yeah. The offense is worse. The defense is somewhat good. Remember this is the division game. This is division game. And, and for some reason it's always close. Hell look how the bill's been playing all season and look how they struggled against the Patriots today. So it's something about those games. Steelers, Ravens always close. It's never really a blowout most of the time. So I, I mean listen, the, the Browns had their hands full playing. They listen, they had to play against the greatest bang of receiver of all time. Yeah. The greatest player of all time. The first receiver to ever have 1500 yards of the season. Huh? 15 touchdowns. Wait 16 now. You know, they ain't never seen nothing like that young bull.


He from new he, he from New Orleans, huh? To work, Huh? Boy, boy. A, a a a Mike Brown kicking his own self in the ass. Yeah. I I don't know why they played with him. I don't even, I don't, I don't, I don't know. Anytime you have a receiver that comes out after the draft, after getting drafted and the first thing he says is before he say anything else, I'm breaking every motherfucking record y'all got. That's it. But he didn't curse. But I'm a curse for him. Just Add a little, Hey, just add a little seasoning to it. Huh? You coming in with that, with that type of, that type of moxie. That's what, that's that's what that that's what, that's what the white folk call it. They call it Moxie. Yeah. You know, I call it, I call it confidence, you know, and people that don't like the Bengals or like Jamar, they gonna call it arrogance.


Nah. You know, believe it in yourself. Understanding your skillset, knowing the work that you've put in to get to this point. To know what you gonna do when I get to where I'm going. Huh? Come on man. We've been doing this man as, as as Papa Chase. Papa Chase. I know y'all watching. They they watching too. I know. They watching. Man. Look, it's one thing to like, okay, I went to the Pro Bowl. Yeah. Okay. It's one thing that I went, I'm an all pro. I'm first team all pro. He's gonna be a unanimous first team. All pro selection. Yeah. He'll be one of the few guys that make a a a first team all pro selection. Right? It's one thing. Okay. I led the league in receiving, or I led the league in yardage, or I led the league in Touchdown, bro.


He got it all. He got sweepstakes. Oh yeah. It's almost like ocho. He won the Powerball. Mega Millions Cash. Cash. Three fantasy, five cash. Whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. Matter matter of fact. Oh my goodness. Now that you just said that, everybody in the chat including you on like, listen, I think the Powerball or Mega Millions a lot or whatever it is right now. It's at what? Nine 20 something? Nine nine what? Something. Yeah. Yeah. Make sure you go play that chat. Everybody in the chat, please go play Powerball, Ocho, you gotta go Ocho, you gotta play that. You gotta be in some little rural area, right? You think so, Dave? They ain't finna let you win it. The Miami guards. Okay, so you, you Don't think so? Hell no. I think it, listen, I think it's unc it's about guessing the numbers. It's about getting the numbers right.


You can go watch YouTube, you can go go watch YouTube or watch some of the, some of the videos on how to, to, to to, to make your chances greater by using certain numbers and certain strategies and certain methods. So I'm gonna do it. And when I win, when I win, I'm telling you, I'm taking all of us Nightcap, we all gonna move in the same community. No, we not. I win. I'm moving, I'm getting a little condo in Houston. I move, I win a little something. Get a little condo in Houston. Hey, there we go. There we go. Ain't nobody gonna know I got a condo in Houston though. Huh? Nobody but me and the real estate agent. That's the only people that's gonna know I got a condo in Houston. I I I'm gonna know. I I'm going too. You ain't going. I nah, nah, nah.


You draw too much attention. No. Hell nah. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. I don't, I don't even go out. I don't draw no Attention. You do. You do. And you wanna talk. Hey you, yeah, let's take a picture. Get it in here. Let's get a picture. No, hell no. No. Yeah, You hook it up. Hook it up, hook it up, hook it Up. But hey, but Chase man, congratulations bro. You have finished this thing up strong. Go ahead and get this Triple Crown. One of the great seasons. He, he's at 108 catches. He's over 1500 yards. He's got 16 touchdowns. There's a chance he could get to 130 catches, get to a seven, I mean 130, 1700 yards, maybe 18, 19 touchdowns, maybe even a magic number 20. Yeah. Two games, which will be one, which will be, huh?


There's still two games left, right? Two games Left. Yeah. Man, he, he going, he going, he gonna crush that. He definitely gonna crush that. Hey, can I, can I tell y'all something? Oh, they got what you call, I think they closed out with Pittsburgh, don't they Steel? Because they, y'all, I think y'all got Pittsburgh in Pittsburgh, Okay. That's gonna got The Bronco and Pittsburgh and Pittsburgh. Hey, and, and I just wanna say one thing. The number Chase's putting up the season he's had the consistency that he's had since he's ended the league week and week out. You know, the ups and downs. Even when things aren't going well, I just want everybody to know is from, from a a, a diet, a, a, a nutritional standpoint that Jamar Chase eat McDonald's. I just want to throw that out there. I don't know why that was on my heart. It was heavy on my heart just to let you guys know that.


It was heavy on my heart to let you know as well, unc, what he's been able to do, what, what he's been able to do on that diet. And it's not what you eat, it's not what you eat. It's all skillset. Now either you got it or you don't. Yeah. But anyway, we can go ahead with the show. The bills defeated the Patriots by a lot score than people would've thought. 24 to 21, the bills got up to got a shaky win off a team that should have dominated. Josh Allen's been playing with a broken left hand all season. Wonder how that got leaked? All of a sudden he broke it in week one. Hold on. He broke it in week one. And here we are, week 15 anyway. But guess what? It's been reported that Gerard Mayo's job security is reportedly safe unless there's a total collapse at the end of the season.


Ocho, you watched this game, what didn't, what didn't you like about what you saw from Buffalo? And then we'll get into the Patriots. We had some drops and you know, I, I don't, I'm not even gonna say what I didn't like from Buffalo because I know what it's like playing against the divisional opponent. I know what it's like. I just saw Buffalo put up 40 in back to back weeks against two teams that were really, really good. Yep. That were really good Rams in the Rams in the Lions. But again, the Rams and the Lions. But these are teams that you don't face often. These are teams that don't know your tendencies. They don't know the things you like to do. They're really not familiar with you like that. So I expected, matter of fact, I think I said it too, UNC I think I said it when we talked you, You yesterday About yeah, about them having to play the page.


I say Unc, it's gonna be close because anytime you play a divisional opponent, I don't know what it is. Even though the Patriots have played bad, you know, well they've had some, they had some bright spots where Drake may, Drake may has had some moments where he looked very good and very promising. But I said, I said, you know, the game is gonna look like this. And lo and behold, exactly like I said, it would look, that's exactly how, how it looked where Drake may and those pagers almost won this game. They almost won this game. So what I saw today was expected because it is a divisional opponent and both teams are so familiar with each other in what they like to do. They did a better job at taking care of the football. They would've won. Drake may threw a horrible interception in the end zone.


Yeah. That took points off the board. They had four fumbles, they lost two of those. And you can't have, when you're playing on the road and you're playing a team that's better than you are, everything damn near has to go. Perfect. Perfect. And it was going, it is going really well. But those turnovers, you can't turn the ball over. You cannot, you cannot turn the ball over in the end zone. That's a, that's an absolute no-no. Because you take points off the board, Josh Allen, and remember, I I, I was on first take and I say if this no MVP is not over, it is not over. And that's why I always advise people. And I used to vote for a decade. I had a vote, right?


I voted for the MVP, I voted for first, you know, the all pro team. I voted for the, the awards o you know, offensive player of the year, defensive, so forth and so on. And I waited till the very, and I took it serious and I wa obviously, you know, being the studio, get an opportunity to watch all the games. I ain't just watching highlights. I'm watching because that's why I felt very comfortable. I took it serious. I'm not just going by, excuse me guys, I'm not just going by names because I think the, the All Pros team is serious. Yeah. Because you're talking about the best players regardless of conference. So I'm just not your name. Your name means nothing. Nothing At all. Yeah. I'm, I'm basing on play that year. I'm not trying to take away the, the, the AllPro teams that you got selected on before.


That's not what I'm trying to do. But if I don't feel you deserving of that, that that honor this year. Right. I'm not voting for you. It's really that simple. Yeah. But Lamar and I said this, I said, well, y'all gotta look at Lamar stats. I mean, McMahon has 37 touchdowns, four picks, and then you throw in his Russian total, he's 40 total touchdowns with like six or seven turnovers. You look at his, you look at his passing numbers. That's what Aaron Rogers was doing when he was winning MVP. Right. Throwing 40 plus touchdowns with single digit interceptions. Yeah. That's what he's doing. Now I do think, and and you can correct me if I'm wrong, they like, but hold on.


He got a guy that's rushed for 1600 yards in his backfield. Mm. So, so what, what, what are we gonna do with that? Right. And so I think, I think that, you know, it it, it, his numbers are his numbers. Now, right now, if you, if I had a vote, I probably would vote for Lamar. Right? I I I would, I would, I would vote for Lamar Has your vote, would, is your vote swayed because of the performance that Josh Allen had? Josh Allen had Play well just like it was sway, just like it was swayed when Lamar and them lost and he didn't just like it was swayed when he played against Pittsburgh. Remember he didn't play well right? This week he came back and he played better. Okay. And you look at the last couple of weeks, Josh Allen had like 10 touchdowns in two games.


How can it not? But we gotta be fair, we got evaluated on what we see. They got two games left. I do believe Lamar Jackson can win and be interesting to see. I bet those odds for Josh Allen winning the MVP ain't what they started today. I bet you that. What are the odds now? Well, he started at minus 900 today, right? I think he started at minus 900. You, you know what I don't like, I don't like the fact that when it comes to the MVP award, it's a individual accomplishment. But when it comes to what's necessary to win it, as far as the team success as well, they take that into account as well.


'cause if we were talking about MVP from a statistical standpoint and stats, I look at Joe Burrow and always ask myself, well, why is he not in the conversation? And then everyone says, well, the team itself is losing. So therefore he's not in the, you know, he's, he, he's Not in the Yeah. I mean, he, I mean he go, I mean, there's a chance. I mean, he doesn't make the playoffs. You never gonna get the MVP on the guy that didn't make team, didn't make the playoffs. Right, Right, right. Understand. Now, and that's the thing. I think Joe has had a phenomenal season. Now, had they have a, they had a record similar to Lamar's or they had a record similar to Josh Allen. Right. We have A case now. We got a, we got a whole different discussion.


Yes, yes, yes. But, But I mean, the guy, MP and the guy was, what is they? He's seven and eight Can be It's tough. I, I know, I know. It's tough. But, but again, that's why I just said how the goalposts move when it comes to discussion on a, on a, on a trophy that's based on individual accomplishment and accolades on what you've done individually. Right. You know, so using the team success as a reason why you can't be in the conversation, it throws me off just a tad bit. Because At the end of the day, what do those stats means if you're not winning? 'cause it, it at the end, and this is what I used to argue with, with, with my co-host, my partner on, first on, on undisputed, I said, still a stat award.


You're not gonna, and you go 15 and oh, and you got 3000 yard passing, and another guy goes 10 and six and he's got 5,000 yard passing and 40 touchdowns. Right? And you got 3000 yards and 20 touchdowns. You're not winning that award. Go back and look, look at all those years Drew Brees was throwing for 5,000 yards. How many MVPs did he win? Right? Yeah. It's a stat award. But I need, I need those stats to equate the wins, Right? So if I'm piling up a bunch of stats OCHO and I ain't getting no wins because people go like, oh, bro, yeah, yeah. Well, hell you behind all you doing this, you stat pat.


Right? Because none of those numbers goes towards wins. Right. And like I said, y'all don't believe it. Go back and look at Drew Brees and look how many, I think he got four or five, 5,000 yard passing season. But when you lose it, how can I give you an award like that? Because your stats doesn't equate to wins. Lamar's stats is equating to wins. Jerry Goff, although he doesn't have, I mean, he had an outstanding day, day today. You look at a Josh Allen, his numbers equates to wind, right? Saquon, his numbers equates to wind. But I think the only thing that's really hurting Lamar is that he got a six t almost a 1700 yard rush in his backfield.


Right? Who's averaging five and a half yards of care? He's got 13, 14 rushing touchdowns. When I think about it, go ahead. You know, chat. Y'all might not like this and unc might not like this. I mean, Joe Burrow hasn't been in the conversation for MVP all season long because of our record. Yes. Right? Correct. But these last two games, these last two games, after we beat the Broncos on Saturday, I'm telling you right now, I'm, I'm letting you know right now, you know Patrick Tain Jr. You gotta deal with Jamar Chase and t Higgins. So at Bo Nicks ain't nothing. You gonna get nixed.


That's what's gonna happen. Well, I figured game. I figured y'all, We, we, we gonna go into Pittsburgh the following week. We gonna win that game. And then when we make it and we, we have an opportunity to go into the playoffs because the football guys happen to bless us, that that MVP conversation gonna have to change. There's A only, there's a good chance O Joe, they gonna hurt y'all, beat the Broncos and then lose the final game of the season. It gonna hurt. That's gonna hurt. Ooh, that gonna hurt OCHO so bad because I know you gonna be happy. Oh, what I tell you. Okay. I told you. Yeah. Y'all lose that la Ooh. But I think gonna hurt. That ain't gonna hurt. Like shot they say brand new shoes. It it, it is, it is. And that, that would probably, that would probably be another moment that I would get emotional on camera.


And I don't care who laugh and I don't care if they make me a meme because I still love and bleed and live the game of football. I just, I just do. I, I wish I could play it. I wish I could still be out there competing, having fun, but I just can't. So I live vicariously through the show, right. Watching it on tv. And I think we gonna make the playoffs. I think we gonna make it. We going, we gonna win these, these last two games. I know. I know how it's gonna work. I understand how the football guards work. I've seen the NFL script before the season started. I know how the story end is going to Go.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for Business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism. In addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


When all your marketing team does is put out fires, they burn out fast, sifting through leads, creating content for infinite channels, endlessly searching for disparate performance KPIs. It all takes a toll. But with HubSpot, you can stop team burnout in its tracks, plus your team can achieve their best results without breaking a sweat. With Breeze HubSpot's collection of AI tools, you can pinpoint the best leads possible, capture prospect's attention with Clickworthy content and access all your company's data in one place. No sifting through tabs necessary. It's all waiting for your team in HubSpot. Keep your marketers cool and make your campaign results hotter than ever. Visit hubspot.com/marketers to learn more.


What's up, everybody? I'm n bur tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's any challenge script with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Amir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you, by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today, but we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL. Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course, Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


The lions defeated the Bears 34 to 17, even without Montgomery, who was sideline with an MCL injury in Chicago. Gibbs finished with 154 scrimmage yards. 109 of those came on the ground and a touchdown while having four receptions for 45 yards. Jerry Goff finished today, 23 of 32, 3 36, 3 touchdowns, zero interception. He also set a career high in passing touchdowns in the season with 33 with two games to go ocho you watched the lions go on the road and soldier field Yeah. And Do what they wanna do. Go out there and have, take Motown, take Motown to Chicago.


I they hit the temptation moves, celebrate throwing the ball all over the place. Jameson Williamson doing what? Jameson Williamson does. Ahman Ross St. Brown scoring. I don't know what, I don't know what kind of celebration that was in the guy. Yeah. Y'all know what they doing. All I know is they gonna get fined for it. You think so? Hey, that was Jamir Gibbs, right? He was like doing a stripper dance or something on the, For I don't know what they was doing right now. Minnesota. Minnesota got the dancing thing on lock. Oh yeah, right now, Minnesota. They got the choreo, they got it on lock. Coach O. Listen, I don't know, I listen, excuse me, Chad, for being rude. Excuse me for being di for being disrespectful. Whoever the young, the young bull is for the Minnesota Vikings that did a ce the celebration where he copied the lady who did the freestyle.


Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. At at the Olympics. At the Olympics. Did the celebration. I don't, I don't know out yo know young bull name, but that to me is one of the greatest celebrations of all time. And they just hit the white chicks a couple weeks ago. Oh, that was a good one. That, and then they had the, the later the day they do and they had the lineman and everybody do it. I said, what that, because you know the lineman, they be wanting to get Amen. Let us y'all about to mess this up. No. Yeah. If y'all, if you rehearse it and get it right, we'll let you participate. But, but Minnesota got the dance thing on lock right now. Yeah. But I was very impressed with Minnesota. The only thing, oh, Joe, You mean Detroit? Detroit, Detroit, Detroit. Yeah. No, I was, I was saying Minnesota's choreography.


Okay. Okay. Detroit Coach Campbell, it's okay to take a field goal, bro. All these fours and threes, man. Come on man. Come on. Kick the field goal and go up 37, 17. It's okay. It's, It really is Ocho and He, he trying to, he trying to run the score up, man. He don't even, he don't even see it. You know. Hey Don, Dan is playing balls to the wall For Sure. And he's the definition of a visual representation of I don't give a fuck. I'm gonna do it my way. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna, I listen. I don't know what, what, what's the word? What's the word they say? Not not tendencies. Where an analytics, I don't care what analytics say.


I'm going against it. I like, I like Dan. I know his players gotta love him, man. They Do. Caleb Williams playing For somebody like be awesome. Go ahead. What'd you say? No, my Bad, my bad. Go ahead. I was saying Caleb Williams was 26 and 43, 34. Two touchdowns. He was sacked to twice ocho. They just gotta do a better job. I mean, the first four possession. Two punts. Two fumbles. Yeah. And you're down. Yeah. Because then they get going. But you've already, you are not good enough to spot a team and to overcome that deficit. You're just not Keenan Allen was sensational. Nine four buck 41 a touchdown wrong, 4 77 DJ Moore 7 68.


They didn't run the ball nearly enough. But you fall behind like that. So basically you gotta throw the, you gotta throw the, the running game out the window. But the, but the golf, when you run the ball like they do play action. I don't, bro, if Jameson Williams lined up on your side, safety, Jonathan Owens, if your cornerback is playing outside, leverage, so you know you got the gold ball cup. The only thing that can hurt you if he get over the top of you at the Post. Yeah. He better get you, he better get on your damn horse if he get back. Hey, I don't know what you looking for, but he can run and you, and here's the thing, Ocho Yeah. Corner, don't put hands on him so you don't make him check his feet.


So by his fourth step, fifth step, he fools speedy. And so while you, hey, you go back and look at it when they show the all 22. Right? When that, when Stevenson opens up and he starts digging, It was too Late. When he steps up left foot of the dirt and the, the head of that post and always look it's over. It's too late. Yeah. It's over. It's impossible to recover at that point. If you're not already going, you got, you gotta know when to go. You got to know when to go. Anticipation skills as a DV is understanding what's in front of you. Who's in front of you. That's it. You got, you gotta know who you got. Know your competition.


You got to, If I'm on Tyreek's side, Tyreke and I know the cornerback and I know the corner's opening up. Yeah. And he got, he, so he's taking away his outside for the goal. Oh. Tyreek ain't beat me to the Post. Then he might run, he might run the dagger, but he didn't get to no post. I'm finna stay so far from that Upfield shoulder so far up. Yes. You, you not, you would not beat me out of position. No, sir. Not today. You have to un and tell, I don't think guys do enough of studying and understand tendencies because there are certain things I was not gonna let a guy beat me with. Right. You're not gonna beat me with your strength now if you got a counter move, because I'm gonna take away the initial move. Right.


If I'm in pass protection, I'm going to take away your initial move. Right. If I know you trying to get up field, I'm gonna open up, I'm gonna, I'm gonna kick. But bro, they let these guys, you know that guy runs four three and you just like casually bro. No, that's not, that's not Keenan Allen who you practice against. Right. Keenan Allen is looking to shake your ass up. Jameson Williams, you looking to take the top off it? Yeah, I Understand what you're up against. Who you're up against and you'll be just fine. But I think these guys, a lot of times I was like, they just going out there and saying, okay, he a wire receiver. No bro. Some of these guys can really dig and you better understand that.


Or you gonna be smelling Deodorant's. Touchdown. Yeah. Make us smell od don't you? That's a good one. So, oh, I, I don't, but the lions look really good. Even after that tough loss last week, they bounced right back and say, hey, because think about it, they can go get 30 at the drop of a hat Any day. Any They can get 30 at the drop of a hat. You just hope you hold that because you who they played when they, the jas where they put 59, they score, bro. They didn't, they didn't punt the ball damn near five minutes in the fourth quarter. That's how they going up and down the field.


Really good team. Somebody gonna have their work cut out from 'em. Y'all better hope y'all can get their ass outside. Hopefully they don't get home for home, home field And that don't, Because if they get home field, you got the hope. Now Ocho, they're off a little bit and we can put 'em behind the eight ball. Right. But if you let them, if you let them dictate to you The game, it's Gonna be long. Man, please. You, you, you, you, you in for trouble. The Vikings, Minnesota Vikings go on the road defeat the Seattle Seahawks 27 24. As crazy as it sounds, the VI does not have a clear path to the top seed. They'll clench the top seed if they win their final two games.


And because in the process of doing that, that means they would've had defeat that the Detroit Lions Right Darn finished with 22 of 35 passing 2 46, 3 touchdowns, no turnover found JJ 10 times for a buck 44 and Twi scored twice. Sam Darnell might stay, give JJ McCarthy that Look Jordan Love treatment. He hadn't had a whole lot of game winning drives because he is really not been in a situation. I mean, you play with the Jetson, you play with Carolina. Yeah. You're not gonna get that many opportunities. But when you look at JJ and Addison and Hawkinson and Aaron Jones, bro, they've surrounded with talent.


Yeah. And he's done a great job of distributing the football. You just can't turn the ball. I mean, see how you turn the ball over too much. You can't throw a Gino had a 31 of 43, 3 14, 3 touchdowns, but two picks. The last one's basically seal the ball game. You can't do that. You can't not, not at all. You gotta give yourself a chance. You have to give yourself a chance to win the game. And the only way to do that is you have to possess the ball. You gotta be able to possess the ball and be able to move the ball down the goddamn field. You know, you, you can't do that giving it away, especially giving it away to them as well as the Vikings have been playing all year. Sam Donald has been phenomenal the entirety of the season. Yes. Well Listen, that that was, that wasn't on my Bingo card.


I'm just gonna be honest with you. Oh hell, it wasn't nobody gonna bingo card. I'm, that was not on my Is he eligible for comeback play your cho you got Sam eligible for comeback play outta the year. They, they got to, who else did they give it to? Who else would they give it to you? You have to because you're not expecting it. You've seen him be a starter in New York. You've seen him being He's ineligible, Huh? Because he didn't come back from elder because after they gave it to Joe Flacco people got upset. They're like, hold on. Joe didn't come back from nothing. He just came back off his damn couch. He wasn't, Come on, man. I, I listen, I understand, but listen, I, I I understand you, you gotta move the goalpost a little bit. When it, when it comes to, to the, what's the word I'm looking for?


To the, damn, what's the word? Anyway, Hey, chat Sam. Don deserves to come back Play of the year, whether he's coming back from an injury, whether he come back from playing bad. We've seen what he looked like when he was in Carolina. We saw what he looked like when he was with the New York Jets. Hey, the Way playing the way he's played this year, man, he's deserving of that award. I don't care what the prerequisite may be to win it, man, forget that. No joking. Because you can't come back from playing bad. You just some sauce. You gotta come back from an illness. You gotta come back from a major injury like Adrian Peterson, like Teddy Bruski like Tom Brady. You know, you need, you gotta come back from something.


Well, nobody, no, nobody's, nobody's in contention to win that award because nobody's playing that damn well that's coming off of any type of injury or illness. So this year we need to just give the award to goddamn Sam Donald. Now I don't know who I need to talk to. I don't know who soapbox I need to stand on and who I need to send a letter recommendation to for Sam Donald. But I will do so. I'm trying to think who's in even eligible that I can think of off the top of my head. A quarterback or running back. We, we, we in week 15 and the fact that you have to think, let you know who needs to win it. There it is right there. I got, I got a PPP real quick.


If that's the case, what you call 'em gonna win it. Joe Burrow, j Joe Bur, I mean, Joe Burrow had torn ligaments in his wrist. So I mean, if I had a vote, that's who I'm voting for because he is coming back off of something coming back because you lack of a better term suck. That ain't overcoming something that's overcoming your own bad play. That's not an injury, that's not an illness. But for me, I think Joe Burrow would, would, would, would, will, will probably win that award considering he missed what, five, six games last year and he is coming back and he's leading the league in touchdown pass passes.


He's leading the league and, and, and, and, and passing yardage. Yeah, it's for me, that's who I think would win it. I would definitely give it to him. Oh, okay. Yeah. JK Dobbs here. Hell he out again. So he might be eligible before next year. He might be eligible before next year. But I get why they're doing it this way because Joe Burrow got it and all he did was come off his couch. He didn't come off an injury, anything like that. And it's like, that's not what coming back from, because that's the case. There are a lot of guys that's come that, that sucked one year and played really well the next year. But that's not what the award was intended for. Joe Burrow's gonna win this award, you know that. Right? What Remember Joe bur Joe Burrow hurt his wrist last year and missed six games.


Yeah. Okay. Now you still, you still think, oh, Sam, Donna going to get shouldn't get that award. You Know what? You don't don't, don't try to put Joe in this. Don't try to put Joe in this conversation. I'm just telling you he o No wait. Whoa. Listen, listen. If there's a conversation you wanna have and you wanna use Joe Burrough's name, it needs to be the MVP conversation. Not no comeback player of the year. We used to. Did Joe, did Joe Burrow overcome an injury? Did he finish the season last year? It's a simple question. It's a simple yes or simple. No. Did Joe Burrow finish the season for the Cincinnati Bengals last year? No. So therefore he would've been a player that overcame injury or an illness. Now what was the injury or the illness that Sam Donald overcame to make himself eligible for this award?


The is happen to play for the Jets organization. He wasn't with the Jets, he was with the 49 ERs. He was the backup. Okay, let's try again. Okay. The Panthers organization then He wasn't on the Panther. That was two years ago. He was on the 49 ERs or the backup role again. Let's try again. Alright. The 49 ERs, you know what they got to him? The, the, the, the, the mental, I'm trying to think of a word to use to help Sam Sam out right here. And I can't think of an argument. I can't think of an argument That lets you know. Right there. You got it. There you go. Okay. If there's an MIP if you wanna say most improved player Right, but only that's the only in basketball.


We don't have that in football. Right. You're right, you're right, you're right. I, listen, I'm trying to figure out an argument for him, but I I can't right now. I can't Oh, you gonna figure out an argument for Sam Donald? Oh, with Joe World for Comeback Player of the Year. Yeah, because I'm not, I don't, I don't listen, we're used to seeing Joe play great, you know, regardless, we're not saying, oh, all of a sudden he came back from, he Came back of a injury or Illness. He's not the most improved because we're used to seeing him play like this. But that's not the most improved. It's come back, come back in the definition of the bylaws. You must come back from an injury or an illness. You still haven't told me the injury or the illness that Sam don overcame to be in this discussion. Listen, I I, well, shit, the elder is having to be a backup for some, some horrendous teams.


What? Well, being a backup for the 49 is a bad job. You went to Super Bowl? No. Nope, nope. No, nope. I didn't say that. I'm just saying the two before that. The previous ones before that. You know, Wait a minute. So you wanna jump, you wanna jump two years, three years and said okay. He's still overcoming trying to come back from that, huh? Yes. That, that stuff takes a mental toll on you. That stuff takes a mental toll on you can, can you imagine, you know, the dysfunction you had to deal with back to back in, in two different places, then all of a sudden you get the sunshine over in San Francisco where things are okay. But you don't get to see the field. You don't get to show them what you can do. You know? Well, I give, I can give it to Bryce Young then. How about that? Bryce Young won one game.


Hey, he, he look, Hey, he looking good though. He he's looking good. We, we, we get that, we get that in a minute. But I mean, you don't wanna give, you don't wanna give it over to Bryce. Hold on, chop this out. He won one game last year and he got benched during the season this year. Mm. Damn. Hey, we know there's, there's a chance, you know, that I, I, I don't know. There's the chance. Ricky, Ricky Pearsall got shot, tank, Dale got shot. Come on. Come on now. Come on, come On. You think that's overcoming something?


Somebody put some hot in your ass, man, come on. That means that gotta be something though to chat. Nah man. That don't count. Oh, okay. There. I don't count. Hey, listen, Sam is playing so well. I think he's played himself. He, he's played himself into a, a, a good contract with another team. But I don't think, I don't think the Vikings let him go. I don't think the Vikings let him go. Simply because of the uncertainty in JJ McCarthy going to be healthy and ready to go when he gets back isn't another situation where it could be like a Kirk Cousins and a Michael Pitting Jr.


Do we secure Sam Donald and knowing what he gives you if McCarthy happens to go down again, I mean you Yeah. You willing to invested a hundred plus million guarantee. Because you see what it and I tried to tell you and you said no. Now Cousins made 62 million this year. Right. He's gonna make another 38 million Yeah. Next year to get him at a hundred. Now they're not gonna pick up that roster bonus because they'd picked up the roster bonus. They had to ensure the rest of it, which would've been 180 million. So now he gonna be he be puller ru You okay with that? Now? I don't look, and I tried and I said Ocho at best case scenario, Right.


Cousins give you two years. That's the absolute best case. Yeah. And you paying him a hundred million, right? What happens if he give you one and you're still on the hook for hundred million? That, That's exactly what he gave us. You're hoping your fingers are crossed. Your fingers are crossed. And it didn't, it didn't work. It didn't work out how we thought it would. We didn't get the Kirk Cousins that we thought we were gonna get. Now we we saw 'em. We saw 'em. Oh, We did. We got the first half. But there was a five game stretch when you got the Kirk Cousins that we know he could potentially be also. Yeah. But when he was on, he was on. But when he's off Oh, oh, he off. I'm talking about he off. Yeah. Yeah. When he is off, yeah. Hide the women and children because hey, he about to pull his pants down.


It ain't, ain't it ain't it ain't pretty. It was, it was bad. It, it was really, really bad. The Volume.


Neat parts. Now O'Reilly auto.com offers in-store pickup, same day home delivery or next day home shipping. Get more parts your way at O'Reilly Auto Parts oh Oh oh. O'Reilly Auto Parts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason and Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To N Hhl unscripted with Birkin Demurs, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays, breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.