
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Jamar Chase spoke today about his relationship with ocho. Let's take a listen to what Jamar said. Courtesy on Marshall Kremsky, WCPO. Chad was the closest person that I got a, a chance to just chop it up with and ask questions and do that stuff with. What did you learn from him? How funny he is. I mean, you know What you think of his feet? Did you watch? Yeah, I have plenty of, I watched He had Great Feet too. He had really fast feet. I watched his tape a couple times, you know, I even watched, they did like a a, a workout video, I'm sure. I think me and you talked about this before, so you know, I watched that too. So he definitely got one of the best feets of the receiver.


That's Jamar Chase. His only way, his way to winning the Triple Crown. I think he'll be the what? The sixth Triple Crown winner. The winner Jerry, my brother, Cooper Cup. Smith Smitty, I think Don Hudson, was it Don Hudson that won the Triple Crown? Don? He had Don Hudson. Jerry won it in 90. My brother won in 92. I think Smitty won it in 2005 or 2006, 2005. And then Cooper Cup won it in 2020. Right, Right. Or 2021. Yeah. We account that that's why he had like five.


But they don't, we account, they go, I don't think they take anything pre-merger, Jerry. Okay. Right. But that, that gotta make you feel good. Yeah, young. When the young buck like, man, I chop it up with ocho. He's one of the first guys that came in and offered me some words of encouragement and you know, talk to me, blah, blah, blah. That guy make you feel good, don't you? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. Obviously having an opportunity to watch him in college, him getting drafted to Cincinnati. I was one of the first, first people, one of the, the first people to, you know, I got his number right away, called him, congratulated him. And, and I, I was happy I was hyped.


I trained with him in the off season. Of course, my crazy ass hell out there playing db No, I'm like serious. I'm talking about we out there, we out there really competing and talking trash and I'm out there trying to cover him and Justice Jefferson. Man, I'm getting, I'm, man, I'm getting the, the the the no Blow off. You, you What man? I'm, but I'm, I'm going, I'm going as hard as I can, man. It's just being able to watch them dudes up close and watching how they work and how, how serious they take the craft, you know? Right. Everybody see the finished product on Sundays. They see the finished product. I'm, I'm seeing them in the grind, in the trenches, you know, before in the, you know, in the, in the off season getting, getting right man. So I have such an appreciation for, for, for Jamar Chase man and his game and just, just everything he does on the field.


And he is so much, such a much com. He's such a better re complete even than I am complete some of the stuff he does. I can't man. I can't come On. Yeah. That's why you see if you been working out because see he got the kind of body that can run through tackles. Yeah. Your ass couldn't. Nah, I ran through Ray. I ran through Ray. That's all that matters. You lost that one. Yeah, I, I did. I listen, I lost every time, man. But you tried. I give you a for effort. I will give you a for effort because a lot of people wouldn't even go in there and hit him. You tried to, you tried to Sneaky. If I see him, I'm coming. I don't care. I don't care how I lose. Hey, listen man, chase, chase can do some things I can never do, man.


His ability when he has a ball in his hands, I don't have that gift. Yeah. There's an if to be able to do that, to be able to bounce off of tackles. I can't even bounce off of people. I'm making business decisions every time I'm know 50, 50 balls. Hey, I can't man, that, that ain't me. Yeah. Now we talk about getting open, we talk about entertainment, we talk about you coming up here and press if you want to, you talking about trying to double team me and thinking you finna stop me now we talking, we talking about running route, running fast as hell and stopping on the dime or getting open. Close your eyes and you tell me to get open and you throw it to a spot and you know I'm gonna be there. Now that's my game. Right? That chase shit. Boy, I can't do none of that. Boy Uhuh.


Oh Sir. Yo, no, he's special. He, he's special man. He, he's special. I mean, like you said, he is great at running after the catch. Great contested balls. He does it all now, you know, a lot of times because look, in order to run after catch, you gotta take your eyes off the ball a lot of times. You gotta trust that the ball's gonna be where you say it is. Yeah. And so you see he, he, couple of times he he'll drop a few. Yeah. Yeah. Because he's so anxious to trying to get on. He looking To go. Yeah. Looking To go. He tried to get out, he tried to get out the door in a hurry, the Mocho, but man, he's, he's phenomenal. Yeah, he should be. I think he and SA Quad will probably be the only unanimous first team.


All right. All pros And I think deservedly so I don't think we gonna get, you know, I think the two running backs will be Derrick Henry and, and Saquon. Right. It's gonna be interesting. What's gonna be interesting, who's going to be the, the tight end? Is it gonna be Kittle? He's a losing squad. Is it gonna be La Porter? Is it gonna be McBride? Is it gonna be Bowers? Right. Losing squad? Is it gonna be very interesting what the voters find, like, so forth and so on. They probably gonna go with Brock, But I know those two running backs are gonna be Derrick Henry and Saquon. Right.


And, and, and the backs have been good. Kyron Williams got a cake, got, you know, with any other season he would be in contention, contention. Josh Jacobs would be in contention. What's the guy at Atlanta? Bijan Robinson. Right. So they've got some guys that that's played really played really, really well. But when you get sequan on the historic pace that he was on, and you get Derrick Henry being Derrick Henry behind that offensive line with that quarterback is you gotta focus on that quarterback. And the next thing you know, king Henry is running downhill at you. You got a lot on your plate to get that. But that, that, that's real good. The bikers are expected to listen to offers for JJ McCarthy this soft season. It is believed Sam Donald will be the quarterback going forward.


This scenario is complicated because if Donna proved not to be the long term answer, they would've gone two years into McCarthy's rookie contract without seeing him seeing what he's capable of doing. McCarthy was considered developmental prospect coming outta Michigan due to his limited starting experience, 29 games over two years. And the style of offense he's played in ocho. Do you think this is the right move? I mean, shoot. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Sam Donald is the answer based on what we've seen, you know, from the small sample side this season because of the players that he has around him. Sam Donald is not going to, he's not gonna digress. He's not gonna digress. You know, Addison's still gonna be there. Kinon is still gonna be there to my damn camera.


Tell us who we both know. Hey, it just cut off out out the blue. Hold on. What the hell? Can you still hear me though? Yeah, we hear you. Hold. Let me keep talking. Wait. Hawkins is still there. Addison's still there. So what now I'm, I'm gonna switch to, I'm gonna switch to my, my laptop, my laptop camera. But here's the thing. If you thought, if you thought Sam, Donna was that, why would you draft, why would you draft JJ McCarthy? You took Sam Donald and He didn't know though. He didn't know Unc. That's my thing. But if you thought he was that, so he surprised him too, huh?


'cause I remember having a conversation about being surprised and everybody, like, how were you surprised he was the third pick in the draft? I was surprised because they took him and they still drafted a quarterback with a top 10 pick. Yeah. Now, if you secure Ocho I mean, most people that I know, I mean, if you, if you, you know, you got a car, like, okay, I got a car, I'm not gonna go out and buy a new car. If I'm, if I'm, if I'm convinced that the, the, the used car that I got right can get me from point A to B in a timely manner consistently. But you know what? You gotta look, think about the, the scouts. Think about the GMs. Think about the, the film that they had to study when he was in New York, but we was Carolina. So they're thinking, they're getting that Sam Donald not knowing well what's, what kind of Sam Donald are we gonna get when we put elite talent around 'em like this?


Now you see what you get, you got the, you gotta you got an adequate quarterback that can get the ball, that can get the job done, that can get the ball to the receivers. You have a decent running game with Eric Jones. You, you in good company. You know what, we can do this for the next three years with you. So there's no need for a JJ McCarthy. But I would say I wouldn't let JJ go. I wouldn't, I wouldn't let him go somewhere else. He still can be the future. But here's the thing. Sam Darling is only 26. That's the problem that you're up against, right? He's 26. Oh Joe, You know what?


I don't like, I don't like wearing my camera. Are you in here interrupting my, I wonder why it cut off like that. Teddy bother me. Try it again. Ocho Barr, an unforeseen change. The jets are expected to move on from Aaron Rogers and Devonte Adams this off season, the relationship between Woody Johnson and Aaron Rogers is reportedly Irre parent. Is that bad? It's reached irreparable harm.


Damn. But it asking erratic, she didn't do well in school. I I I just know that right now somebody wrote up papers for, you know, irreparable. It's Irre. Okay. Aaron Rogers acknowledged that Sunday could be his last game in the NFLO show. Rogers said he'll decide before a free agency in March whether to play in 2025, joking that he won't need Darkness Retreat this time to help him through the, the thought process. Hey, well, and he gonna change his tune. You know that right? Hear me? Hold on. Didn't they just give him a contract extension? So he, how much money he got guaranteed he probably got, he want caught Teddy.


Okay, Good. Lock hiss out Ocho. I think he just signed a contract extension. Who? Aaron? That's it. There ain't no money. Nigga will eat that. He gone. Yeah, Because it, it seems that at some point in time, if the reports are to be believed True, right? That Woody Johnson wanted to bench Aaron Rogers five, six weeks ago. And now, now basically it is, it is true with them. I don't like the fact that they getting rid of my, my dog Devonte.


So I think, I think they doing so and they're probably gonna pay Garrett Wilson in the off season. But now we right back at square one Because see also reports are being said if there to be believed that if Aaron Rogers stays, Garrett Wilson is gonna ask to be traded. Yeah. The report says that there was some issues in in many camp training camp that has not been resolved. Now I remember Ocho having a conversation with you and I said, Ocho, this don't look good. You say, come on that. Yeah. You know, you know why I say that? Because I, I had those same heated conversations like that with Carson. I had those same heated conversations like that with Kidner. But guess what? Kidner was there. You were there.


Aaron Rogers is the outside. He's an interloper. Oh, I see, I See what you, he came from somewhere else. That guy said, hold on, you are supposed to help me take my game to the next level. Level. Yeah. The guy that was here, I won offensive player of the year with Sam. Darn right. You're supposed to be better than Sam Donald. I'm regressing and people saying I'm taking a step back. Right. I'm trying to find out what do you need from me? I'm trying to tell you what I need from you. And for whatever reason we saw this a lot of times on the sidelines, they were having these conversations and they weren't connecting. Right. I don't know what was being said. I would've liked to be on a fly on the wall to hear, but it did, it, this relationship has never materialized.


Yeah. Maybe, maybe it's, I, I I don't, I don't think it's material. I don't think it's, it's, it's gone. Listen, nobody is happy. Not one Jets fan. I don't know if you can pull a jet fan and says, yeah, we want Rogers back. It'd be interesting to see. No, they, they probably all say no. They, they probably all say not only the fans, the players might say no as well. The front office might say no, you know, but what They, but I tell you what, Diante need to go Where The chiefs Ooh, that. That'd be a good one. If you wanna win. Now if he tired of losing, now he been in Oakland for two years, right? He was in the Jets.


So that's two and a half. That's two years of losing. Now that's three years because he wasn't this, this is third year. Just so it's third year out of Green Bay. You tired of losing? Go on there. That'd be nice. That'd be a good move. That'd be a great, that'd be a great move. Can you imagine? Yeah. Devonte with my homeboy. That's nasty. Wow. But I, like I said, I, I don't, I don't, I don't think, look, I don't think the giants, the Jets giants. I don't think the Jets fans. And it doesn't matter. It only matters if the owner want him back. Right. And you know, indications reports are that the two young teenage sons, they're kinda like calling the shots.


They're sending their dead stuff on the internet and so forth and so on, right? Joe Douglas reportedly said, I've got to answer to two teenagers. And when it comes down to it, he's taking the advice of his sons over, you know, what we're, you know, what we're asked to do. The amount of time that we spend studying film and critiquing and doing all this. And two kids that don't do really anything, but still on the internet. And he takes their advice. But it'll be, it'll be very, very interesting to see how this thing plays out. But I think there's no way around it. This has been one of the biggest disappointments in free agency in a very, very long time.


Absolutely. Ain't no way. There's no way around it.


Absolutely. We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open an account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by, by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members. FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs,


Cowboys Grant. Ezekiel Elliot's request to be released. Zeke will be placed on waivers once he clears, he's eligible to sign with any team. Jerry Jones in the statement, out of respect and appreciation for Zeke and wanting to provide him an opportunity to pursue any playoff participation possible. We are releasing him from the Cowboys roster today. Ocho? Yeah. What team in the playoff need a running back aging two yards of carry? All of all of 'em have running backs. Coach. Yeah, I mean you need a, oh, what's Zeke averaging? Because maybe I'm, maybe, maybe I'm being a little harsh. Maybe it's three yards of carry.


The, the, the roster, the rosters are full. He's averaging three. Okay, tell me the team that's going to be in the playoffs that needs a running back that's averaging 3.1 yards of carry. That by all intents and purposes, it's over. It's over. At one point in time, Ezekiel Elliot was a bred, he was a race horse. Yes sir. Well, when he couldn't run anymore, you hooked him up to a plow and you turned him into a plow horse. Now he can't even plow anymore. So you know what time it is, Ocho you put him out the pasture because pretty soon we gonna have to turn his ass into blue. Don't do that. Don't do that. Oh. Oh, try.


I gotta be honest with it, Chad. Y'all know I'm telling the truth. Y'all see, Zeke, Zeke, Zeke ain't been that guy in a very, very long time. Go back and look at it every year. His numbers have done this every year since the week year he got into the league. 2016. Look at Zeke's. Average yards per game. Average per carry. So you don't think there's a team he can go to Uncle, he can where he can contribute. He don't play special teams. The only one potentially because they lost Montgomery. Maybe Lions. There we go. There we go. We get, I li see I li I like, I like what you're doing.


I like, I like where you're going with that. I like you going thunder. Enlightening again. Ezekiel Elliot. Jamir Gibbs in the playoffs. He Bro, he'll Yeah. Gamble. I know you gonna see this. Let's bring Zeke in. Matter of fact, that might happen by tomorrow. Ezekiel to the lion, It's hard for me to believe they don't have a running back on their, on their practice squad. That's better than what Ezekiel is right now. 'cause what you're doing is that you're looking at Zeke from the past and he's been long past that. You're never gonna get the old Zeke. You just got an old Zeke on your hand. It happens to us all. Sometimes it happens sooner.


It happens sooner for some than it does others. Right? But ain't nobody Finn to tell. There's not one person that can tell you, Zeke has anything left. I just, I didn't understand the move to begin with. You let him go because you said he didn't have anything left and you bring him back because what you thought the year in those 200 carries that he had on his legs in New England, what revived him? I was confused. And then you bench him because he show up late for meetings. Y'all make it seem like that's the first time Zeke's ever done that. I guarantee you that's not the first time Zeke has been late to meeting or practice. So he wait till now that they're losing to do this. Nah, the habits that you establish, they carry over.


That's why you don't accept anything in a win you wouldn't have lost. You see, a lot of times these losses, it, I give prime example because see losing doesn't, doesn't, doesn't show care. It reveals it. Right? You see what's happening with what, what P Mac is talking about in the cults about guys showing up late and missing, meeting missing and this and that. That's the time that you reveal who you are. Everybody wants to be a part. Everybody get Ocho when you winning, everybody watching extra film, everybody showing up on time. Everybody make it wait. Right? Everybody doing what they're supposed to do. But the moment you start to lose, guy come in two minutes late, three minutes late, five minutes late, all of a sudden they're not paying attention to details.


They're not, they falling asleep in meetings. They coming in a little overweight. Nah, we gonna do things the right way. Right? When lose or draw, there's only one way to do things. And that comes from the culture that's been established. Well, you don't have no culture because Jerry, but, but really, really the culture is a, the, and and I think Saturday, like the culture sets the vision, right? The locker room says the culture. That's the problem. In Dallas, you don't have that. That's the problem. There lies the problem. There's only one way to do things. That's the right way at all times.


Right? We're gonna show up on time. Your time isn't more important than mine. We gonna be professional. If I can get my as old ass here on time, you can get your young ass here on time. We go, Hey, we not gonna sleep in meetings. Hell, I ain't sleeping hell, I'm tired too. I love taking my midday nap because as soon as I get off first take I eat, I go right back upstairs and get me 30 minutes to an hour. Oh no. But that's the locker room. That's where you have veteran leadership that hold people accountable and to make sure they're doing the right things. But you can't hold them accountable. Right. Mike McCarthy can't find nobody because Jerry, if it's his favorite, you wipe it off.


You can't win like that. Can one voice, one sound, one chef. Many servers. You heard it say too many cooks in the kitchen. Yeah. Nah, nah, nah. You have a chef, sous chef. Okay. That's the problem. I I I hate it. I hate it. I mean, look, I'm, oh, I'm not sitting here telling you you look. Yeah, I won three super bowls but I played 14 years. What happened to other, the other 11, right? I was five or 11. Some of those years I was seven and nine. I wasn't always perfect, but I tell you what, I was always professional.


Not just, not just my job description, but what I did. You have to accept accountability, be there on time. Because I knew one day and I told Al Wilson this, I said, Al, one day you gonna sit in this seat Al you gonna be the guy. Al was a ful boy. He was. I said, Al, you're gonna be the guy that everybody's gonna be look listening to and looking to. And if you show up late, went out again. Hold on man. I say if you show up, if you show up late, they're gonna think it's okay. Right. And I remember having a conversation with him about four years after, five years after I retire. He like big play.


You right. These mofos don't care about nothing. You can't get 'em to do this. They don't wanna come on time. They don't wanna yada YI said, yeah, I know, but you do the right thing and hopefully there'll be someone there that's gonna be in your position and they'll carry that tradition of doing the right thing. Anthony Richardson revealed today that he's been dealing with lower back issues that might be chronic. He rule, he was ruled out for last week's game against the New York Giants due to a back and foot injuries though his back, that's the main problem. Richardson recently underwent an MRI that revealed he had a disc problem. Richardson said last week was tough. I couldn't even stand up on Tuesday.


Could barely even walk crawling around the house. But here I am, I'm standing now. If I could do everything in my power to get out on the field, I'm gonna do. So that's my mindset last week as well. But I could barely move. Richardson said he's aware of the critic, many of whom labeled him injury prone. And that's, that's, they have their right to their opinion, since he missed significant amount of games, he added that all he can do is work hard and try his best to be available in the future. What you think, what you think it is? Huh? They say he got a dish from him. I mean, I, I I mean something like that. Something like that Would've been on the medical report before he got drafted though. Huh?


It could have been. Yeah. But you know, hey, it happens. I I hope that's something that they, that he can resolve, you know? And Hey, you ever had back problems? Nah uncle, I ain't never had no damn injuries. Huh? Boy, that back ain't nothing to play with Ocho. It's worse. It is worse than the hamstring and the groin. What Ocho You can't move. You can't. I'm talking listen, at least you can when you got a hamstring or a groin, you could like drag boy that back. You can't even get up out bed. Real. What Man? I boy who? Man I up man. I boy you like to make me cut man.


Ocho that thing had me so bad Ocho. I was driving home. Yeah Man, I had to stop side of the road and just cry. Boy was that bad Man. You try to see anybody had a back, you try to drive like this, you try to have the one foot, the, the right leg in the passenger seat you driving with. Got the left foot on the gas ocho. You trying so bad, bad ocho. I'm talking about you crawl ocho you crawling. Man, that thing was so bad on my, it, it was a compression on my sciatic. Oh sure. You know I'm six two. Man, I couldn't stand up. Well I was about four. I was about four five. Wait a minute.


How did it get like that? Sh I don't know how it got like that Squatting too heavy. No, no, no, no. I had been stopped squatting. Shh. She, I can't, I ain't put nothing on my back. 1 75. 1 75 that, that's how I can go back right now. You know what I'm saying? Don't you, but boy. Yeah. Ooh boy. I'm telling you. Hey, that thing have you crying so, Hey, I don't ever, you a bro. Hopefully you can get that thing resolved. I ain't really, like I said, I I wasn't gonna have a, I don't be wanting to go in that back, but I did get an epidural and it def it definitely helped. But he told me I was gonna end up having to have surgery but Right.


I said nah, I ain't really trying to do that because they want to go in there and open it up because mine is starting to compress. Ah. I said nah. I said I got artificial hips. I said I'm good. But boy, the back end of the play with ocho ain ain. Nothing. Nah, that's crazy man. Ocho Barry's quarterback Jalen Johnson says F the Packers for the game against Green Bay. Yeah. So that's how I'm feeling. I'm going to try to go out with a bang. There you go. That's what I like. I like it. I like it. Listen, Jaylen Johnson, one of the better corners in the league sometimes you gotta come out like that. 'cause the Packers have owned the Chicago Bears for a while now.


They've owned them. You know, They've been bad a minute. Seems like everybody been owning them. Yeah. This, this makes the game exciting. Now guess where all the eyes and attention gonna be on? Yeah. Johnson, you open a can you done gave you, you done gave the package bulletin board material. Now all you gotta do from an individual standpoint is hope your teammates show up for you and back up your words. But then you also have to back up everything you said. Yeah. If you said f the Packers, then you gotta go out there and play like f the Packers. And that's something that he can do. He's one of the better, better players in the NFL at the DB position. I'm, I'm, I'm waiting to watch you nephew. Nephew. I'm gonna be watching you.


Yeah, you look, that's the thing when you talk, this is the NFL's oldest rival. Yeah. There's no love lost between these two teams. The Packers, as a matter of fact, was that 86 when Charles Martin dunk Jim McMahon on his head? It knocked him out. Good looking. Look, when did Jim, I think it was Charles Martin that late, that chief shot him, right? McMahon was just standing there. He grabbed him and boom, dumped him. Damn. I think it was Charles Martin, I think it was 86. I'm almost certain it was 86 Charles Martin, chief shot Jim McMahon.


What year was it? Astro gotta roll her eyes on you. All I said was just look it up. And she looked it up and it was Charles Martin chief shop Jim McMan in 1986. She have to roll her eyes at me like that. Oh. Oh, so you got it right. You got it right. The only time she get happy is when I get the questions. Don go Unc wrong. I like you do like you work for SHA J Media, right? You supposed to be in this corner. Yeah. But there is no love loss between these two teams. There've never been any love lost between these two teams. Right. The pack. This is Hatfield McCoy, this is Ohio State, Michigan, this is North Carolina Duke, this is Alabama, Auburn, whatever rival rivalry you can think of.


That's this Baltimore, Pittsburgh, that's it. Yeah. This, this is it. There is no love lost between these two teams and there haven't been any love lost between these two teams. And if they can maim each other, that's it. They try, right? But Bear says, hey, he says he wants to go out with a bang. The Packers definitely want to get, go into the playoffs on a winning note and we'll see what happens. Ocho. Now it's time for q and a man time. Why ocho? Hey, time, time go by fast. You having a good time now?


XO Clayton Alejo said your head look like shaved acorns. You said my head look like what? Pecos walnuts. Brazil nuts. Who said that? Clayton Alejo. Clayton Alejo. You lucky I can't see you boy, I'll fire you up real quick. Boy, you hear me peanut head boy you lucky I can't see you post a pictures of your face real quick. Lemme get you ocho Triple triple x com caps sanity said OCHO gotta add a lot of money to the cursing junk. And do I ain't even cur. Whoa, Chad, wait a minute. I ain't even curse tonight. Oh yeah, you Chad, you heard this man say this man say he ain't cussing done dropped about four mofo.


Yeah, I did not. Chad did Ocho s tonight Chad, Unc I've been, I've been well aware of everything I've said outta my mouth and if I had cursed I would've said, oh my bad, my bad. Like I always do. You Try to, you try to, what you call him, what you try to do is just try to keep it moving. And in fact, we heard it, but we heard it. And I even told you, I said OCHO cursing, didn't he? Yep. I might, I might have stepped up. Well I might have back said it later. You see I could get to change that. Eduardo Ramen, Texas need to stop letting teams hang around with them for so long. That's what happens. You get an opportunity to put a team away, you need to put 'em away.


Gotta put 'em away. Because once Arizona State got that momentum and it doesn't take much, it doesn't take much. So when you get to momentum, you better put some distance. You see what Ohio State did. Ohio State got that di that got the momentum. Go and put the game outta reach. Cameron Shara arguing on your Happy Holidays. Question on my q and a. Do you think guys Miles Garrett or Jalen Carr, possibly another piece of draft capital? Why would I, why would I trade? I mean, yeah, actually, yeah, Philly would actually do absolutely do that.


But Jalen Carter, Jalen Carter for Miles, Garrett, miles Garrett. Ugh. Yeah. Miles Garrett is hold 29. I don't know. I want Miles Gar and Jalen Carter to play together. I don't wanna break him up. I mean, miles Garrett's potential. I don't think he's gonna win the defensive player of the year because his record doesn't reflect how, just how good he's been. Right now my draft partner and my Hall of Fame classmate rest his Soltes Cortez Kennedy, he won defensive player of the year on a two and 14 team. That's how dominant he was.


You were balling that young. Yes. Hell yeah, man. Ted two And 14. Two and 14. Jesus, I don't think would that'll happen again. But, but I I don't really know where they're gonna go with this defensive player of the year. Because you got some guys, I mean, you got Hendrickson your guy. Yeah, he, Cincinnati has 14. Garrett has 14. They're not gonna give it to Hendrickson. Not as bad as that defensive band. Right? You got ell hunters playing really good and, and, and in, in Minnesota obviously TJ Watt is gonna be a, you know, Chris Jones had a little down year.


He's been dominant, but they do a great job of double teeing him. And, and Kalo has been, has been the beneficiary of that. Zach Broun has played really well this year. I mean, he's been a, he's been a Tackler machine. Yeah. Carrie Joseph has nine what? Nine interceptions. Xavier McKinney I think has eight interceptions. I just don't know. I I I really don't know ocho where they're gonna go with defensive players of the year this year. I mean, There, there's, there hasn't been one clear dominant player No. That has been dominating all season long. Everyone has been playing, you know, really well altogether.


But it's j it hadn't been one clear person like, well, god damn, every time I watch ESPN or I see a goddamn highlight, it's him. All of them collectively have been playing. Well. I guess somebody could go, you know who might get it because he's been dominant. Who? Pat Oran. Ah, ooh, that's a good one. That's a good, Hey Ocho, he been dominant. That's a good one. He and he has the numbers to back up the claim. Yeah. Yeah. I mean you look at the completion percentage, the quarterbacks, what you call 'em, averages against him, right? He, he, he, he's been, he's been special Bunking Ocho Happy New Year.


Question, what do you think about Devonte going to the Steelers? Also, would you be, should you be scared of the Bengals getting into the playoffs? I think the bills, who should be scared of the Bengals getting into the playoffs? I think the bill, that's what he's saying. Man. The Steelers don't really pay a whole lot of money for free receivers. Right. They like to go into the draft, get their receivers in the draft bill. That way, I can't remember, I'm trying to think, I can't remember the time the Steelers have ever signed a free agent receiver. Right? I mean, from the time I go back, they now, they normally let 'em leave Yassi, th pen, Mike Wallace, Eel, San Antonio Holmes, Emanuel Sanders, Antonio Brown, Deontay Johnson.


I mean, they normally let guys leave, right? They don't normally bring guys in. They like to go through the draft process, get young guys fit their system. I don't see Devonte going to Pittsburgh. You never say never. But I don't see that happening with the kind of money that he's gonna want. We know the Steelers like, they like to stay a little bit under market value when it comes to other than the quarterback. Right? So I I I really don't see that Ocho What, what, what do you think? I, I don't know. I I don't, I don't think it would happen That Juju was another one. Yeah. Yeah, they did let Juju go. I, I don't know. I'm, I'm curious. I don't, I don't think that, Didn't everybody go except Hines.


Hines was the only way, if you think about it. Yeah. You, Kenny, he finished right there. Yeah. Hines, I mean, you go back to Louis Lips, all those guys. Oh, Obviously, you know, Swan and Starwars, they retired. Right. But I'm saying what once you got past that, that that Super Bowl run of guys. Alright. I'm trying to think. Man, I, yeah, I, I don't, I don't see, I don't see him in Pittsburgh. I don't see him. I don't either. Even Though I know it would be, it would be a nice fit, you know, obviously with Russell Wilson throwing to him. I just, I just don't see it happening. Thank you. Irwin Lichtenberg, what are Ocho thoughts on Jeremiah Smith potential in the NFL?


Oh yeah, he's gonna be nice. He's gonna be nice. Listen, right now, obviously as a college player, I compared him to, to Julio Jones even as a freshman. I mean, what we're seeing right now from him, which he's had a historic season, he's only gonna get, he, he's only gonna get better. He's gonna get bigger. He gonna get faster, have a better understanding of the game from a, from an offensive standpoint, you know, getting better at Man to Man, you see, just Polish up that route game, you know, just where he has no w what you see right now is you'd have to nitpick to find a weakness in his game right now. Right. Because he does everything really well. Everything really well He does. People mentioned Anton Randle. Antoine Rle went to the R watching the football team, it ended up coming back, Right?


DG said, happy New Year uncle. No. Joe, what team do y'all see JTI fitting best with based on the draft order? I think Bo between Dallas, Denver or Seattle? Well, Dallas definitely need to run it back. So you think, you think he's good? He going into the first round and Yes, I think, yeah. Yeah. I mean you, you see Gibbs and what he's been able to do, right? And you see the, the reemergence of the running back, Right? Gibbs is a little different now. Yeah. He got, I mean, looking at Genty, he's faster than you think. Now he don't have four, three fifth speed like Gibbs. Right? But I think he gonna clock four. I think he clocked low. Four fives. Okay. I you see a four five running back going into the first round.


Yeah. Okay. I mean, Look, the thing is, a lot of times you see they been trying to push the running back down. But you see, look at the teams that got him. Josh Jacobs, his team's in the playoff, Saquon Barkley, his team's in the playoff, Kyron Williams for the Rams. His team was in the playoff. King Henry, his team was in the playoff. Go look at your top runners. Bucky Irving, his team was in the playoff. Well, they win. They win Sunday there in the playoffs for the most part. I mean the, the the running back has had a resurgence. Ocho Yeah. And, and, and, and I think over the last, the last year, especially this year, I think they proved their value, right?


I think they've reproven their value and, and, and the better ones are, are, are starting to really play up, play big dividends for their, their teams. JJ Carver said high is a ring a bigger goal than a all time record. Rings are won every year. Records are rarely broke, broken. I mean, you could get both. I I, I think the thing is is that sometimes people think, well, it is either, either or. Like if you don't take a pay cut, you can't win a Super Bowl. Well, if you don't, if you don't do this, you can't, you can't win a champion. That's not true. Right? That's not true.


I would love to see sa quo break that record, but it seems like the Eagles and the brass from Jeffrey, Laurie, Howard Roseman, the general manager, Jeffrey Lewis, the owner, obviously Nick Ani, it seems to me they've made the decision and Saquon says he's at peace with it. I don't know, but hey, he's putting on a brave face, but they have to break me off. I can't, I can't believe it. I can't believe it for first to be that close to a milestone, just be the all time. I can't, I I I just don't understand it. I agree.


Robert Gomez, happy New Year's guys, fans since day one. My wife and I just celebrated our 21st wedding anniversary. Can you give my wife Yasmin G and I shout out my 42nd birthday is in January, January 4th. Bro, that man been married half of his life. He, He got married when he was 21 and he's still currently married. Hell yeah. Robert, congratulations man. To you and Yasmin man. Happy birthday, happy wedding, whatever. Whatever you want us to wish, bro. Congratulations for you to be married half your life at such a young age. Now, obviously Ocho you know what I'm saying? I mean, he's 42.


He got married a young young man. Congrats, congrats, congrats. I mean, you got married like the more, like my grandparents got married, got married, they, you know, they got married back then. 17 and 18. Yeah. So a it wasn't that age. She get pregnant. Oh, you got, oh, you married and you go down into the courthouse, you know, got your little $15 ring, go right on down to the courthouse and did that. It wasn't no, it wasn't no wedding. No, no big extravagant. Her parents stand stood next to her. Your parents stood next to you. Okay, y'all married. Okay, figure it out.


London, Dale, can I get a prayer for my grandpa? He suffered a heart attack today. He's okay. Him and my grandma are celebrating in 32 years of marriage. Yes. London, bro. Sorry to hear about that. Thoughts and prayers go out to London. Deal. And his family, his grandpa suffered a heart attack today. But he says he's, he's doing well. He is in good spirit. And the grandma was celebrating 32 years of marriage. So congratulations on the marriage. And you know, the Nightcap crew is, is praying for a speedy recovery for your grandfather. Leonal Rhodes, happy New Year. Nightcap. Gancho, what's your New Year's resolution?


I want to thank you guys for the extra push. I've lost 10 pounds so far, starting a new career in education field. Thanks. You got love you guys. What's your resolution? Don't you Went back rail? Huh? I didn't hear what you said. What you said. I ain't Say nothing. I didn't say nothing. Went back rail. Huh? Whispering it. I ain't say nothing. Go. I mean, why was this win back? I mean, my new resolution is stop, stop cursing this year. Well, that, that lasted about 22 minutes.


This, this year. I wanna, I wanna add about 30 more jobs to what I already have. And that, that's pretty much it. I mean, I, I have the discipline in all other areas to, to continue doing things the way I'm doing this and just, just stay focused and locked in. Stay focused. Stay focused. I ain't chasing the lies. I'm gonna let people, whatever they say, that's good with me. I know who I am. I know what I am. It's not what they call you, it's what you answered. You wrote Joe. Yeah.


Yeah. So, but I'm gonna get the last laughing in. They're gonna be mad, but it'll be okay. But I think the people that, that sincerely support you and I Nightcap Club Shesha, they're genuinely happy for us, for me, for you and what you do outside of a a a a Nightcap. And those that aren't, they'll keep trying to bring up stuff and try to do all this other stuff, but it, it's not gonna work. I think that's, that's one of the things. And I gotta find more time. I gotta find more time to, to do stuff for Shannon. Yeah. Like we need to go to Dr. Be you and Prime.


What y'all clapping for? Hey. Yeah, We gotta, yeah, we gotta, that's, I'm gonna take me a little vacation. I'm gonna take me a little mini three day vacation. There we go. Y'all don't call me. There We go. We Don't call me. We'll be going. We'll be going. Don't Talk and don't be talking about the ball. We, what's up? Will you come? Don't worry about what I'm coming back. I'm gonna do my portion of the show over the phone. Ask, don't call me. Talking about we, I want something to run by you. No, no. I'm on vacation. Don't run nothing about me J Dub.


Are you guys proud of my Buckeyes starting my New Year's resolution? What do you think can happen first? I lose 30 pounds or Ocho get to two 10. See you in Nola. Hold on. You probably lose 30. The funny thing about it, by the time we get to New Orleans, I'd probably be by two 15. That ain't happening. All right, you'll see Now you, hey, you, you can't even see. Look, look at your look. Just look in the camera real quick. Look how God damn big I am or better, man. Like I done got so big, my head look like it don't belong on my body. You hear me? They, I'm looking at them arms. They don't look that they belong in your body either.


Yeah, They, they don't. That's how big I done got. Nah, it look like you should be holding a sign. Gold Bengals. What we did, bro, what we did to Denver. Oh, nevermind. I ain't mean to bring that up. Oh Babe, hold on. Y'all do realize y'all had to go to overtime with a rookie quarterback, right? Okay, Ocho. Now see, now I want you, now I want you to remember that, that Saturday that's the part that's the don't let the Steelers beat you. Don't let the Steelers win this game. Didn't not tell you we was gonna win that game. I told you that already. Right? And don't, boy. And when the Broncos beat, the, When the will be. Who? Well Carson wins for to mop the flow with y'all, man, stop playing.


Okay. Okay. Nick Morris said, Mr. UNC and OCHO can't wait to see y'all. Nolo, we could use some thought and prayer for tonight that a VIP meet and greet ticket can explain well, what was involved in that plea. Thanks for all you do. Get to sit in the front row, likely to get a call to the stage, get to be OCHO and after the show, take a picture. Nick. Thank you bro. Appreciate the support. Yes, yes. There's a lot going on in New Orleans right now. Don't know if you, if you are referencing that, we had a little at the top of the show, but maybe you have something a little bit more personal that that's a little closer to home, that's personal to you.


So we look forward to seeing you and and Nola and we can't wait to have you there with everybody else. But yes, there's a lot going on currently right now in New Orleans and I, thoughts and prayers with everyone that's impacted by that situation, Ocho, that concludes this episode of Nightcap. We wanna thank everybody for tuning in and joining us as two teams advanced to the semifinals, we watch the Ohio State Buckeyes beat, the Oregon Ducks, the number one Oregon Ducks, 41 21. And we watch the number five. Texas Longhorns. Take down the number four A SU.


Sun Devils. 39 31. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite up. Shannon Sharp, that Liberty City legend, Venga, ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro. It's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please hit that subscribe button. Please hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts, every subscriber matter. And we want to thank you for mattering and helping us matter, because without you, there can be no us. Please make sure you check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock. It's 2025. Happy New Year everyone. If we didn't say that before, let us take the time right now to say UNC and OCHO and the Nightcap family wants to wish you a very happy New Year.


If you can't find it in a city or a state near you to celebrate the 2025, order it. We'll ship it right to you. And please, Drake responsibly, go follow my media company on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last month. We have t-shirt, sweats, beanies, cruises, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Superbowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. We've also been nominated for two sports podcast awards.


Best Americans Football podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Please go vote for you guys. Let us, the link is pinned in the chat on our social pages and in our social bios. Again, thoughts and prayers go out for those impacted by the senseless tragedies that this terror is just domestic terror. We're gonna remain vigilant, but we're gonna be unafraid. Ohio State advanced to the semifinals after routing, Oregon 41 21 in the Rose Bowl. They got their revenge after suffering an earlier loss in the season, Texas beat Arizona State in a double overtime thriller.


They blew a 16 point lead, missed two field goals in the final two minutes of regulation and still escaped with a 39, 20, 31 victory over Arizona State. Sun Devils in the Peach Bowl, even though they were outgained out, rushed, but does not matter, Texas, move on. They will face Ohio State in the Cotton Bowl, which is probably gonna be a Jerry's world, isn't it? It's definitely not gonna be in the combo outside. No, it's gonna be in Jerry's world. I bet you that's gonna be in Jerry's world while she looks up that. But that concludes this episode of Nightcap.


I'm up, he's Ocho and we will see you Saturday. We're off tomorrow and Friday. We'll be back Saturday if you don't wanna miss it. Thank you guys. Appreciate you. I love you guys. The Volume.