
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


Lowe's helps refresh your garden in time for Mother's Day. Right now, get five bags of one and a half cubic foot Scots Naturescapes Mulch for just $10. Plus, select one and a half gallon annuals hanging baskets make the perfect gift, now two for only $15. The best Garden starts with great deals. Lowe's, we help you save ballot through five seven. Selection varies by location while supplies last discount. Taking a time of purchase.


You're a hustler. You get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J-Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. J-Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless Skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long lasting results. Cleanse, treat moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit j beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that J logo.


How To have fun anytime, anywhere? Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woohoo. Chumba. Chumba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the temba life. Visit chabo casino.com. No purchase necessary. V GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions Apply.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause? And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh. Optiv. Mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh Optiv Mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle at all major retailers.


The Volume, You look good. They look good. The Celtics, they gave one a lot away. 45 missed threes. Jalen Brown, seven of 20. One of 10 from three. Jason Tatum, seven of 23. Four 15 for three. Derrick White, six of 18, five of 16 for three. Pingus played 13 minutes. He was dealing with some injuries. The 30, the 45 missed threes are more than the Knicks shot.


Threes the Knicks had been O 10 versus top three teams this season. They're undefeated against them in the playoffs. I don't get the Celtics. I don't me if the Celtics is on, I don't like watching 'em play because all they do is gonna come down and jack up threes. Now I watched la I watched last night. Jason Tatum. Jason Tatum shot a three. He got the rebound shot. Another three, somebody else got rebound, kicked it to him. He shot another three. Guess what? They gotta rebound again. I'll give you one more. Guess what you think he did, Ryan, when you got the ball back? Shot three. Shot a three. Huh? How about this here? How about this Ocho the Celtics shot had shot the ball 20 times in the third quarter.


19 of them was threes. Hey, at what point in time do you say, Ryan, You know, Hey. Hey, how about we run? Hey, Missoula, come on. Give Hey ref, gimme a full one. I want a full one. Yeah, but Unc Hey guys, come on. Let's run a set. I, I have question. Let's get something going to the basket. Right? I got a question though. And Ryan? Yeah. They just won the NBA championship. Doing what? Last year? Shooting What? Yeah, that was last year. Okay. But this year they had a record. They, they had a great, they had the best record in the east, if I'm not correct, right? No, the Cavs had the best record. Had they had the second best record, they had the second best record record in the East by doing what? Shooting What? But in the, but here's the thing.


Ocho in the postseason. Yeah. You pay for that. You see what happened? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Now you blew the Knicks. You blew the Knicks out. Yeah. You had a 20 point ocho. You had a 20 point lead. Yeah, a 20 point lead. They, they struggle. And you keep you at, at what point in time you say, Hey man, man, we done missed 12 of these things in a row. Hold on. You don't wanna get anything going to the basket. Everybody was missing. It wasn't just, it wasn't, it wasn't just one person. Nobody was hitting, Let's see, 25, 41. So Jason Tatum, Jalen Brown, and and Derek White. Derek White was 10 for 41 from the three, oh, let me challenge you right now.


Go ahead. You talked about Missoula. Yeah, but the first person you talked about was who? J Tatum. Right? JT Tham your best player as the green light to take the basketball, get on the elbow, all his own number and go one-on-one and go make a play. Now, granted, MHA Bridges is the dog, okay? OG is the dog. New York has two. You can't be the face of the N NBA if you can't beat Mikhail Bridges. And Mikel can't be the face of the NB ml the dog, though, ke and I don't. Hey, I don't care if you're an alibi, one of the toughest dogs in, in the Turkish region.


I don't care if he's a Dogo. I, I whatever dog. What? I don't want what dog you want. You want a South African barber? What? I'll be whatever dog you want. You cannot be the face of the NBA if you're telling me that. Because you tell me what face of the NBA couldn't go get it, regardless of who was guarding. But here, here's the thing. You right for jt, go get the ball and go make a play. Give Kel Bridges his love. You know? And you're right when you saying you gotta go make a play, he's gotta go get his shot off in that moment. Now, in terms of the series, I don't know where you guys stand on this. On choke. I don't know if you jumping, jumping on Nick. I don't know if you listen. Hey, rock, I Don't what you saying.


I don't, I don't have no horse in the race coming out the east. I'm a heat fan. I'm so, so, so I'm done Pitch Chad. I pay Chad. Okay. You saying Well, don't, your don't your a off, because I wanna read this to you and this this young out to me the most when you talk about the Knicks, and I'm happy for when the Knicks are good, as good for basketball. DeKalb Bridges 51 minutes. Oh gee, 46 minutes. Brunson 44 minutes. Josh har 45 minutes. You can't win like that against the Celtics because the Celtics 44, 45, 44 for Jason Tatum, Derek White, and Jalen Brown, they're gonna take a rest. They're going to get breaks. Right? They've been conditioned to have their breaks during the season.


Hence why their record wasn't like that. They were the second in the east. Were they talented enough to be the first Come on fellas. Absolutely. So these are the times they have to turn it on. Give New York some credit. Give JT Jalen Bronson some credit. You talking about dog? Don't, Hey. Oh, don't have it. That ain't no baby dog. I know he little. He, he, yeah man, I love that dude. I love his game. He get it. Boy, they, their top five New York's top five in the Celtics, top five, they even out. But when you get down and you talk about rest, when you talk about how hard it was for you to get there, right? When you talk about minutes and wear and tear, I'm going to give Boston that edge at the end of the day.


But talent wise, you can go like this. You go like this when you zero five, because when you look at it, Mikhail Bridges can play defense. OG can play defense. Yeah. Josh Hart can play defense. Yes. So if you look at the three offensive weapons, so if you go JT, jb Derrick White, we right you, you. And so now you got Kat. Now Kat is not no longer the defensive, but he can pull their big. Now it'll be interesting to see what Pingus brings back to the table because he only played 13 minutes. And they're different team when Pingus is healthy and when he's on the floor doing what he's doing, because he can shoot the three, he can run the floor, he can protect the rims.


So now you, they don't really play him. And, and they, they do some him and Al Horford. But You know, Al gonna give you great production on the defensive end. Yeah. He can hit big threes. I thought Holiday did a great job yesterday. And you see just about every time down the floor holiday would take him. Then Derrick White would take him. Then JB will get a little of him. So they tried to wear him down. They tried to wear him down. Lemme me lemme And and go ahead. Go ahead Ryan. Well I want you think about this and Chad tell me if I'm wrong with this. I've always felt like the key to the Celtics was Jr Holiday. And I feel like in those moments, obviously I'm calling those two guys out, Jr holiday's dead. And my apologies, he's good enough to have gone and dot the ball.


And I feel like when he is on, he changes their team. He's the guy you can't match up with. 'cause when you go through the scouting report, you thinking about pressing Tatum off the, off the three point line, helping on the weak side, not letting Dan Brown bully you to his right hand. Those are the common sense plays. But Drew Hol is the guy who can put you in jail. He's the big bar, Chad. Yeah. He can take you underneath and you can't help, You know, the, the bold, like when bold state was good, you, you, you Chad, you was like, you one on one, I got Curry, I can't leave. Yeah. You one on one. I got Clay Thompson, I can't leave. They shoot the three, maybe not like Golden State, obviously statistically they're better or they've hit more threes.


Right. But you can't help. So if I'm Jr Holiday, he put B Brunson in jail, it ain't gonna brunson me. As a matter of fact, ain't no, I love Josh. Har ain't no way. Josh har guards means Right. Put him in jail. If the hell comes, you could move the basketball. Right. So I think if there's more of a focus with JR Holiday in his minutes offensively, I think he's the guy that really gets them going. Mm. I think the key last night for the Knicks was OG because he's 10 or 20 left for he was, she got better. He played unbelievably like, You know, you look, you better have a big lead in Clutch tide.


Yeah. If you gonna beat the Knicks, because that little lefthanded joker Brunson. Oh, he gonna get his points now. Well, he, the real deal, he, he gonna, he gonna hit a three. He gonna get to his mini or he gonna fi you gonna follow, he gonna go to the free throw line. But he, you better have a substantial lead. Yeah. But it, and, and I hate saying Clutch because it wouldn't be clutch time if the game is more than five points in the last five minutes. But boy, every shot, hell, I thought he wanted a regulation because the ball did everything but going to hoop. When he, he went to the basket of Al he went over Als or Outstretch or Outstretched arm. But I, I do think the Celtics, I think the Celtics make right tomorrow and, and, and win that game.


Wait, wait, wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. So you, it was on 20 Joe Hot. They was out 20 old Joe. So you still not gonna go to old school? So you, so you still Think you got the sales because to win the series? Yes, I do. Ryan, you gotta sell to win the series. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Think for what I was saying, it's too many minutes for the, for New York. Okay. I didn't blame too many. They gonna run outta gas here. Here's this though. And this is my thing kind of with the Celtics, and I think this was, this was, this was an ego driven move with all due respect to Missoula and those guys. So Chad, when you first got in the league and you saw one OnOne and you had one on one. Yeah. What, what, what did you expect?


Every single time I Expected the ball to come. Jalen Brunson came off a pick and roll coverage one through five switch off. He had Al Horford barbecue chicken. Stop doing it. Stop walk chicken. Watch Chad. At what point did they realize don't leave Ocho alone, use Chad Johnson then. Right. You OCHO came later. Don't leave Chad Johnson alone. Right, right, right, right. Don't leave him alone. Don't leave him alone. Yeah. Don't leave Jayla Brunson alone. No. Without Chad. And that's what got, that's what the great ones gonna do. Hey, let me find out. Hey Tcho, just like anything else, you find out you got the hookup at the store.


Hey man, You know, such and such a hook you up at the store, what you gonna do? You gonna go down, you gonna go down there and get that hookup? Hey man, look here, you keep calling. What did an man do against the Lakers? He kept calling. Gimme Luca, gimme Rui. Nah, no, no, no, no, no. I I ain't, I ain't trying to get Vanderbilt. I ain't trying to get Finn. Hey, give, gimme one of them. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what you do. You find the weak link, you find a fish and you don't let him off the hook. I gotta bring you into, I gotta get you in the boat. And that's what and that's what they did. Yeah. And you see what brought, you see what bro the Knicks did. They went to that picket roll. And every time I know Al Al play great defense, but Al is not standing in front of Dre Le Brunson.


He gonna get to that step back or he gonna do the heavy and get to the basket. You so you got a choice. I got, so I got something you don't want to hear right now. What that, so if, if I, if I'm New York and I'm tibs and I say how do I win this series? How do I win this series? Pray. I'm gonna say something you don't want. No, that too. Carl Anthony Towns, Carl Anthony Towns is somebody that New York, excuse me, that Boston would struggle to match up with he f 14 points. He's a plus 8 31 minutes. Good. Solid game. He without trouble him.


Yeah. You can't be foul trouble Chad, Chad, am I, am I, am I wrong by saying it? 'cause if I'm New York, hold On. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm getting to ask you which car Anthony Towns you talk about, you talk about the one that gonna be in the blocking in the post, or you gonna talk about Gonna be in the blocking the post because you don't wanna play back to the basket about Car Anthony Town. That's everybody's problem with him. Right? Shoot, shooting the three Which car Anthony Towns, if he gets his mind made up. Yeah. I don't think Boston can match. Now, now for Zenga is got size. Yeah, they got some bodies they can throw at him. Right. But he's the guy that you go like, like I'm telling you from the Celtics standpoint, they going, we don't want to see him on the block.


Right. We don't wanna see him drive. We don't, we we gotta get him agro you have to attack him and pick and roll. Right. You gotta spread the floor and get him off the floor and, and get him in foul trouble. But if you can go at him, I mean he played 31 minutes. Yeah. That's an X factor. Yeah. If I'm New York and that starts to take over 'cause I know I got Brunson, right? I know I got Brunson. I know OG is hooping and Josh Hart gonna be there when you need him. Probably Anthony Towns is a guy who can sway this series. Now, unfortunately, we've been saying this for a long time. I think he's had a heck of a year. I think if we're gonna be honest, Minnesota, probably long, if Minnesota had Carl Anthony Towns tonight, they win this game because you wouldn't have been guarding them the way they was guarding.


You wouldn't have been going small, You know, hypothetically. But at the end of the day, if he takes over and takes a double team, if they have to double him, now you got action. I like it. Draymond Green was asked if Steph Curry was good when he walked off the floor. Steph told him, I'll be back. Draymond said the Warriors played several minutes without knowing Steph was out with a hamstring injury. He says Robin turned the Batman and Alfred turned into Robin, who's robbing, who was Alfred I think, I think, I think Jimmy, I think Jimmy was robbing that turn into Batman. And Draymond was Alfred to turn into Robin.


Hey, let me ask y'all this, because this is such a unique thing that happened tonight. And I want y'all to understand this. As basketball players, we don't, unless we have something going from the summer or so, we, we don't get hamstring injuries, right? What do y'all expect out of a out a out of a hamstring? It didn't look like maybe just a grade one. I mean, if I'm, I'm no medical as expert a low level, but like, like how do y'all, because y'all always have hamstring injuries. It Was, that was that, that was a, a low level grade one, grade one hamstring. You know, you, you, you make a certain movement on and it pull and it grab you and, and you and you catch it just in time where it doesn't pull bad, but it's bad.


It's, it's, it's enough, You know? Okay, You know what? I gotta go sit this one out. I gotta sit this down. I gotta get me an MR in the morning. Which is why the injury that I think based on what I saw from Steph, that's two weeks. Yeah, That's two weeks. They got two weeks. Well he two weeks hopefully he kind of dehydrated just a cramp and he get, You know, get rehydrated. It is gonna be a little sore. Yes. And, and, and, and hopefully, You know, he, like you said, he'll miss one game and then he can come back now then Miss run, get two games now. Hey, I got an extra game I can play with. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I got extra game I can play with. I, I look, I, I like, I just like the way they play without their, without their big guy.


And that's why you go get a Jimmy Butler. I'm not so sure if you don't have a Jimmy, I'm not so sure if you don't have Jimmy Butler, you even in this situation, I don't know if you get past Houston without percent. Right. Hundred percent. So with that being, and when, You know, when Jimmy goes down, You know, Steph picks up, you get guys filling in, doing a little extra. Okay, fine, you can live with that. But it's gonna be interesting to see how, how Minnesota responds, how they defend, knowing they don't have to worry about all eyes on Steph Curry and worrying about him running up and down the court sideline, You know, baseline to baseline coming off picks depending on all that, all those things. It's gonna be interesting to see how they defend the, the Warriors moving forward without step.


I'm gonna tell you one thing. They're gonna run Buddy Hill off the line. They're gonna be able to keep size. They're gonna keep size and they're gonna pack the paint on Jimmy Butler. And, and I think the physicality ramps up on the defensive end. And if I know anything about Chris Finch defensively, he's a mastermind, he's an expert. So now you don't have to expend your help. And now the confidence is, is not not gonna be there. Now for Golden State. And I want to know how you guys feel about this. They're hard to play because they hold ba ball to the last few seconds. Just take their time. Yeah. They like, if they have a fast break, they'll throw it ahead. And it is similar to Denver. Denver will throw it a ball ahead.


They have a sprint fast break. If not, they wait for Yoic. He gets up the court and they, You know, they kind of take their time. But Golden State holds the ball. And if you're Anthony Edwards, what's Anthony Aren? He walked the ball. He's excited. And now you take him outta rhythm, right? Batman was outta rhythm in the first half. Yeah, he was rusty because they had got done with their series early. They ran through the Lakers. So all take he, but that they ran through the Lakers. I went, I'm gonna throw that out there. But they keep you outta rhythm. So Golden State is dangerous and frustrated to a young team that doesn't wanna grind like that. And those are problems that Minnesota has. So Minnesota's gonna have to try to create turnovers and pace with those with in, in transition.


I look i'll, I'll football. Is somebody holding the ball? You know, You know, y'all prolific on offense, You know, hold the ball. We are not gonna let you get touches. Yeah. Well that's what you have to do. If you don't, You know, remember Ocho, that first Super Bowls, the first Super Bowl, the Eagles played against the Patrick Mahomes, right? They were snapping the ball each time under five seconds. Because I want, I wanna minimize Patrick Mahomes opportunity, TOP, time of possession. I don't want to have all this time, so I'm gonna run as much time off the clock I can, everything is snapped under five seconds. So we scored touchdown, we want to eat nine, 10 minutes off the clock. Right? And, but You know, it worked the first time this, this, this last Super Bowl, they just, they just had the battle team.


And I'm not surprised they won. I'm surprised by how much they won by. Not that they won.


Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rug sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything, goodness world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment. Anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Wow. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean, I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you? Tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows, all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blind.com now and get up to 50% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


It's Wednesday night after a long day. And the last thing you want to do is cook dinner from scratch. But you still want a satisfying, tasty meal without the guilt. Enter your freezer sidekick Cauli power from thin and crispy cauliflower crest pizzas to all natural white meat, chicken tenders and crowd pleasing snacks. Cauli power satisfies every craving. Cauli Power's products are your favorite comfort foods, but made better for you and gluten-free always the best part. You don't have to sacrifice, taste or time so you can honor your cravings Without compromising craving pizza. You can enjoy Cauley Power's delicious Margarita Pizza for only 370 calories for half the pizza. Looking for easy snacks that kids and adults alike will love. Ly power's baked never fried pizza snacks are nostalgia, reimagined and ready in five minutes. Ly Power's products are available in Freezer Isles nationwide. Visit eat ly power.com/where to buy to find a store near you.


Draymond Green call out calls out Dylan Brooks for not shaking his shaking anyone's hand after the game. Draymond labels him a sucker and says nobody respects him. Ride. That's your guy. You, you, you call the Rockets game. You gotta defend his action. Hmm. Now I love, I love Dylan Brooks. Dylan's gonna do what he wants to do. And at the end of the day when these two personalities collided, I don't think we would've expected anything less with, with Dylan Brooks and, and and Draymond. Yeah. And, and the, and the unique part about Draymond. Shout out to Dre by the way. I I I, You know, I I like it later. I didn't like you a couple days ago. Is that, and I'm still sore over that game. Seven I is he is able to play the game and then pop on his podcast the next day.


It's talking his crash. He don't gotta wait for the media. He don't gotta do it an the pressor. You have to come to him. Right. And he, he's not reliant on soaring. So he can back it up much more than that. With his defense. He can back it up with his defense. He can back it up with his iq. Draymond, I, I played against you. I know your brother. All the flails and all the stuff. They're calculated, they're smart and his team needs something. He brings it to the table tonight. He had three or four, three pointers as soon as Steph Curry stepped off the floor from a point total. So back to him and Dylan Brooks, Dylan has been unbelievable for Houston. Houston's culture, what he brings to the table, right? It's a toughness and, and and, and and energy.


And he is the villain. He plays that role. And, and You know what? Draymond gonna defend Steph. He said what he said about Steph and the presser. That's who Dylan Brooks is. And we love him and embrace him. And I, again, with those two personalities, I expect nothing less. Oh yeah, I agree. There's the, they're kinda like really? I mean obviously Draymond is more accomplished. He, he's asked to do more d with steps. Step is the most likable person on the planet. Everybody, it's hard, it's hard to dislike him. Right? Because You know why Rod? I think everybody likes him because he's the common man. You could see like, man, he ain't six nine, he ain't seven foot, he ain't got shoulders like Dwight Howard.


He's just like a, he's just like a common man. Most guys, LeBron is six nine. Most of the guys are are hawking. Hundred percent. And so I can, I can't be him, man. I could step cur look like a guy walking down the street and he so likable. You see, you saw him when you saw his daughter. She was on his lap. Riley, we fell in love with Riley. Yeah. Aisha. They do a great job. He got kids, You know, everything. So it's just hard to dislike him. You like, man, I don't like, nah. I, I like Golden State. I just don't like Draymond. I'm saying that's how people look at it, man. I love Golden State. If they ain't have Draymond, I really like him. Right. But I'm not so sure if they didn't have Draymond, they could be golden State that we know of today.


Ain't no way. Ain't no way. Oh, he's so smart. Listen, I think it was game two and it was game two of game one and our guys were going on the run. All of a sudden, man, he just somebody to the floor. Our guys were like doing sudden and You know, our, we building energy. The game had to flow. He just has to flow up dog. Like Yeah, but he knows right? He listen and they're, they're baiting him on the internet. 'cause they realize this is the craziest thing I've ever seen in the contest. Draymond does forget what he does. He gets the technical fo Right. Whoop whoop tech. So now we're up there calling the game, we're going, but he just, one more, he's gone Tar Easton pick his pockets.


TA's about to go down and slow. We start at fast break, Draymond leg kicks Tar Easton Tarry goes down and Draymond pretends like his feet fall Atari's head. And he loves tarry by the way. So this is basketball. And the ref look at him, we're like, he's gone. Finally, he's now it's over. The ref came for the and said that's a flagrant one, two technicals and you're gone. But if you have a flagrant and a technical, you only raymar would know that. Right. So the first one was on sports me, like the second one was excessive contact. Right. But it wasn't the criteria of meet a flagrant too. Right. And only Draymond will go into a game knowing I've got two mulligans to play with and I'm gonna do whatever it takes for my team to win.


And that's the type of guy you normally get that up and Chad from the European players, right? They they, they, they, they grab you where they not supposed to grab you. They'll elbow you. They, they, they, they spit and everything. They'll do the, they do the dirty stuff. Right. But Draymond had just figured that out from the standpoint of like, what do I need to do to be on the floor? It was nothing sexy about, Draymond was a center in college. When he came into the league. We had seven foot Draymond got the worst name you can get from a draft report. A tweener. You remember that name? Yeah. A tweener. Tweener iss a good name now because I was a er you a tweener. Yeah. They say I was too big, I was too big to play wide receiver.


I was too small to play a tight end. No position. So Draymond was this evil in tweener. So that's a good thing now. But we, he won seven feet and he couldn't handle the ball per se well enough, or shoot the ball to play on the wing. So he made a name for himself. You, You know what I'm saying? Right. He made a name for himself and he, he's done enough. And it, it is unbelievable, honestly. Yeah. Yeah. I was too big and too slow to play wide receiver ocho. But I was too small to play tight end. I did. Okay. I fo and they put me eight. Huh? You only, you only six two up. Six two. Yeah, I played it like, I played it like 2 28. Y'all football, y'all football numbers be lying. Chad, Chad all about five 11. Who? Chad? I'm legit.


I'm legit. Six two man. I'm six. I'm six. I'm six three. Man, what you talking about? You, you ain't seen me in a while, Chad. You get on the court with me again. I'm putting the elbows in your face. I'm gonna say that now. Thank you Man. Listen. Did you say You I went nice. I went nice to you. Don't don't Call it Ryan. Hey listen. Every, every, every, everybody, everybody that has played in the NBA including current players right now, everybody has tried to play me and everybody is lost. Now if y'all beat tell you something, if you, if you want me to add you to the hit list, I can add you to the hit list. He got Joe. Lemme say, lemme tell you something. We, we on the set at EPN and he talked crazy to me. And I'm like, man, whatever. We in the setting. Next thing I know they done, we the desk out.


Me and him playing one-on-one. I turn it around. Chad just tackled me, bro. We can't with, with football players. He grabbed my arm. He do Chad, next time let's gimme your elbow. So you ain't got no trash to talk. And then You know he ain't gonna talk next. Wouldn't beat me. LeBron couldn't beat us. And Chad, come on bro. Hey Chad, come on. All of them. Nobody, none of them. None of 'em. Well he, he and he and Joe, he and Joe got a bed too. He say he want Joe one on one. Unbelievable. Yeah. Unbelievable. I'm playing football rules. I'm playing. That's fine. We playing rules for you next time. I I I been in, I've been in the gym. How whatever you wanna do, Elbow, Elbows, You know, whatever, it don't matter. I'm good.


Jalen Green takes blame for the rocket's playoff lost to the Warriors. Green said he played like ish in the playoffs beside that one game ish. Straight ish. I gotta be better. Lowest field goal percentage, this playoffs minimum 75 field goal attempts. Jalen Green, 37.2. Malik Beasley, 37.3. Shea Gils Alexander 41.5. Jason Tatum, 41.7. He did, with the exception of game two when he had 38, he was awful. And he probably gonna be the part of that package that get KD into Houston. You know why I love you asking me this right now.


You know, I love you asking me this right now. You know, I love you're asking me this right now, just do to Anthony Edwards man a dog, You know for sure that man a dog. Now Jalen is behind Anthony Edwards, but he's comparable as far as the two guard. And hopefully you'd see the progression be there. Holden stated it really what defensively. Now make no mistake, Jalen Gras gotta get, gotta get stronger. Yes. He just saw what the playoffs look like. He's gotta learn how to move without the ball in his hands. And these are things we got the greatest coaching step in the, in the NBA with Ima u do those boys. So there's gonna be no question that he is gonna have a long summer and Jalen Green takes the personal, the boy don't forget.


So he's gonna be in the lab working on the things. He got his fir guys, it's his first taste to play off basketball. Let's not overreact how old James at the end of the day? 21. 22. 22, bro. 22 at most. 22 at most. So, and he playing his grown man, it was the worst matchup beat because from they weren't more talented with all due respect to Golden State, but they were smart and they were experienced. So they got physical with him, right? They forced him to his left hand. Well, he's 23 and they, they, they pressed him. Okay. You saw what they did with Anthony. But, You know, but You know, but You know what it is. I I think the thing is for, for Jalen is that, like you said, it was a, it was a terrible matchup. And he has to understand to whom much is given, much is required.


Yeah, a hundred percent. And I don't, I I I think the thing is that he, he has to understand That's unacceptable. That's unacceptable because if you want to be at that level, you gotta be at that level. And I I I agree with you. I do believe he'll put that time in because you see the way, I mean the jump that he made from one year to two year, two year to three year, he's only going to improve. Right. But that was a, if he plays like he plays in the regular season, y'all win that, You know, y'all win that series. Right? Good. And, and, and You know what, You know what all I I I it's still sore right now was only Sunday. Our guys fought hard and I didn't think they put they best foot forward.


I thought we were much better to, even if we lost, I didn't think they, we put our best foot forward over here in Houston. But I wanted to sting. When you have that series that stings you don't forget it. You go into an all season, you go to get better. And also, I don't know how y'all feel about this for him. He's so athletic. Some guys gotta dance to get the, like brunson's small and he's, with all due respect, he's not a great athlete. So he got dance and shoulder, Jalen can dribble to his file and pull up and there's nothing you're gonna be able to do. Right. And when he simplifies his game from the two pointer, from the three even going to the hole, maybe it's not a gun, it's a float and he simplifies his game.


That's gonna be the difference. So he go, ain't no way buddy. He can guard me. Yeah. Ain't no way Mary Peyton a second because I'm gonna get to his fight and I'm gonna shoot right over him. That's Kobe. Kobe. That was Jordan. That's where Jalen Green takes the next step. Right? I like, I like Jalen and let me, and let me say this too real quick. And you guys know players like this, young guys like this in situations, what he has doesn't grow on trees. Mm. Yeah. The way the boy moves and jumps and runs and, and and, and he got the it factor where when he gets hot, the boy's red hot. Oh yeah. He's squeaky as hell. Yeah. But it don't grow on trees. When you have a guy who's that athletic, you're going to give more opportunities, right?


You're going to see the value being there within them. And keep in mind he did absolutely make strides, but the playoffs a whole different beast. But if you get a, if you get a chance to get Kevin Durant, you package him. I think the best thing with Houston right now, and this is above my pay grade, okay, first off, as we said, you have options where you can go in and you can say, guys, we've gonna hold put with what we have. Right? We have enough to where let's challenge and let everybody get a year older while we're still young in our twenties, we just played a bunch of 30 somethings and we're 20 something. Right? I'm say they not gonna be there for that long. Can y'all be KC in a seven game series?


Because they're, they're younger than you guys, okay. C will be excellent Match up. Did you see this year? Put them hands, feet, and paws on OKC but play different job about them. You said playoffs are different now I'm just going about what you they as young, they're just as young as as we are. They not, you saw, they don't have the experience. It would've been, it would've been a game. Even Minnesota would've been better for Houston because you try to out athletic us, right? You're not gonna out athletic Houston that you might out Think you might out experience. You might, well the antics like Mond did, right? But hopefully for Athlete, you gotta Ms. Thompson or a million dollars per hour with Antman. I like him with I'm like glue. He's DI gain, he gonna get, he gonna be the special different.


But in terms of Houston, you can hold Pat or if you go to get a guy, it is gotta be the right piece. So you have options in which you can play with and, and, and for an organization, Rafa Stone done an unbelievable job because you want, you don't want like, You know, walk's pressed when they ain't down there pressed, they don't have moves they can make. Remix is pressed. Right now the only thing they, they don't want to get rid of kd. You have to get rid of kd or if you get rid of Booker, you need the house to come back. Oh, book's not going anywhere. But another, everything you could have, you could have everything else but you, you're not getting booked. But you, You know, you no, no, no, no book has a price. It's just a whole house. I need phone draft picks.


I need this guy, this guy, this guy. So a very likely Booker's not going anywhere. But the reason I say that is the other organizations are pressed. Houston can sit back and chill. Right? They don't have to make a move. They don't have to get Durang, they don't have to go after Giannis. You know what I'm saying? The ask him price, they talking about Giannis on the blocks. It's gonna be a high one. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You don't need to do that. He don't want to tell to y'all. Giannis is important to have a short list. Sorry Howard bet Giannis wants to play in Los Angeles, New York, or Miami. If he lives Milwaukee. I told you now the Los Angeles, the Los Angeles is not the Lakers. He's not gonna play with LeBron and Luke. So that means the Clippers do.


The Clippers have, I don't know if the Clippers have anything to give up. What can they give up to get him? What, what Do Clippers have any first round draft peak? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. They may not be Draft Zoo box just had a unbelievable year. He might be on the table. Norman Powell should have been an Allstar. If, if LeBron hadn't have pulled up Lame, I think Norman would've been an all star if he had a reported that he wasn't gonna play in that game before they got pieces. Mm. Yeah. Yeah. So maybe it's not him. Hold on, hold on. You want me a guy? You want me to give you a guy that's won two regular season MVPs? A finals, MVP. He's about to be a first team all NBA for about the seventh, eighth, straight year.


And you talk about you got Norman Powell and, and and Zoo Box. No, you need some picks in there. Oh, you need no pick. I'm saying they got no pick. They got action. I already told you they got no Pick. I mean, it's probably, you gonna probably have to get like four or five teams involved, but you ain't got no no picks. Oh, let's say it's hardened per se. I, it hardened. You know I'm open your point guard. You figure it out. You got Giannis. You gonna figure it out. Well, they got Giannis in, been walking. They can't figure it out. I already, you see what happened when you start giving up them pizzas when you gave up two holiday. Think about the P Look at, look at, look at Phoenix. The, the team that Phoenix went to the NBA finals with, they broke that team up.


And Chris Paul was old, huh? Yeah, Chris Paul was old now that day he do Something. Listen, I like, I like, I like y'all hypothetical. He could do, he give seven, 8 cents a game. That's all we need from Chris Paul. I, IIII understand the Clippers. I agree with you. It may possibly have to be a three or 14 deal if it is the Clippers. He's so, it wouldn't just be straight up. He's, a lot of times those scenes come with a lot. 'cause think about what you gave up to get what you gave up to get what you had to give up to get Paul George what you had to give up to get. Ja, I Think you was James hard traded or he went there? I think they didn't trade. I almost wanna say he was traded. I almost wanna say he was traded. I think he was traded to the Clippers. Yeah. I almost want to, I almost wanna say he was, he's trade. I'm not a hundred percent shout, shout out Big Don Eddie Curry, man.


Eddie Curry saying, saying, we doing a great job, man. Eddie was the monster. Eddie, get on the mad man. Chad, you play soccer. I play mad. You play who? By the way, I play Madden. I'm cold. No, you Holy man. You ain't, nah, you ain't cold. What you got your AC on? You probably cold 'cause you got the AC on. You ain't cold that Game. Chad, Chad, FIFA is your game. You do realize you, that You do realize I'm a part of mad and I was, I'm a part of, I'm part of production. Make the game being made, developing all, all that. Chad, Chad, You know I did the Chad, do You know I did the bad broadcast this year? I, I'm, I'm really, I'm, You know, because you did the bro All on. Oh, if They say if, if you wanna say compare, I'm a G League player, you're not beating a G leaguer.


I could, I could beat that average Joe. I'm A professional player. I'm a put Chad, I'm a streamer Now Chad, you're great in fifa. No, unbelievable. Play me, play me, play me. Play me baby. Matter of fact, let's make a, let's make a bed in Madden. Come on. Let's, let's, Let's play for, let's play for 5,200. Come on Chad. I 5,200 pushups. Come on. Go. Not push up 5,200. Come on Chad, I'm gonna beat you. All right, thank you. Easy money. All right. Easy money. All right.


So we all made mistakes, right? But own it up to them. It's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans Grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does. 'cause cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back that OG cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one miss anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


Hi, this is Jovan your blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to well, Mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple. I can even help schedule a professional measurement install. I Didn't realize you did that. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean, I always thought I needed to designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com. We're on your schedule and there's no haggling pressure or hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming over and I'm thinking of something. Blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and get up to 50% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


It's Wednesday night after a long day. And the last thing you want to do is cook dinner from scratch. But you still want a satisfying, tasty meal without the guilt. Enter your freezer's sidekick cauli power from thin and crispy cauliflower crust pizzas to all natural white meat, chicken tenders and crowd pleasing snacks and cauliflower's satisfies every craving. Cauli Power's products are your favorite comfort foods, but made better for you and gluten-free always the best part. You don't have to sacrifice, taste or time so you can honor your cravings Without compromising craving pizza. You can enjoy Cauley Power's delicious Margarita Pizza for only 370 calories for half the pizza. Looking for easy snacks that kids and adults alike will love. Ly power's baked never fried pizza snacks are nostalgia, reimagined and ready in five minutes. LY Power's products are available in freezer isles nationwide. Visit eat ly power.com/where to buy to find a store near you.


Let's be honest, most of us have a love hate relationship with wired bras. We love the lift, but hate the digging. We love the support but hate feeling trapped. Well, Nick's just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body not against it. Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from V-Neck to dresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every body experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nicks.com for 15% off your order with free Flex 15. That's KNI x.com Code free Flex 15 for 15% off n.com.


Hey Jake, this out guys. Jason Pierre. Paul had his luxury reach arm middle watch stolen while attending F1 Formula Formula one weekend party in Hollywood, Florida. JPP said he felt something fall off when a group of men boxed him while he tried to move through the PAC Club. Moments later, when a friend asked what time was it, he realized his 400 grand rich hard mill was gone. Ball boys. J JP P about six five. Just six five. 2, 2 7. Right. He would whoop somebody. Yeah, It was easy. He be missing a couple of pennage. So he slid Stop. Stop.


I wanted stop. I wasn't gonna stop. Stop, but Stop. But You know what, but You know what, but You know, but You know what, but You know what, Ryan And all seriousness, that's a strap. That's a strap on watch. So it's easy to get off as opposed to, You know, one like, You know what I'm saying? Don't you? It de it depends on, it depends on what you one you have 60, my arm 67 0 2 is the Velcro. Oh. Oh, that's easy to get off. Yeah. So yes, it's easy. It is easy to off somebody touch you And it especially, but you, you would feel something like that coming off though.


He Said he felt like something dropped off. So how could you not look? Oh, he felt something. Okay. He okay. Yo ain take off. That's a big man right there ain't they? Box, box what He did? Box man. Hey Ocho, Ocho You know how you get, Hey, you try to, excuse me, excuse me, excuse me. And them joking done. Nah, got the pocket. Nah, nah, nah nah. You know, you remember the movie? What's the movie with with, with Margaret? Margaret Roby and Will Smith. Where they were Stick stuff. Margaret, Robbie, Margaret Roby. What? What's the movie? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I do. They were stealing, stealing stuff. Focus. Yeah. Focus. That, that, that sound like something out of a movie. But They a they touching right here and they stealing something from over there. Yeah. You, you could, you could feel somebody taking something off your wrist.


Ocho man A, you go to some of them foreign countries up at your and them jokers have that cardboard. They be coming a you who? Oh hey. Back up. What Now? Now what do you do That is stolen insurance. Talk it up. Yeah. Insurance. That's all you. Yeah. Yeah. Insurance. He got that good insurance. You got insurance. I hope, I hope he got insurance. Yeah. Yeah. He got to, got to report that J was a dog, bro. That's one of my favorite. But You know what, but You know what, it ain't I don't care man. Look, I I've had stuff stolen. It ain't the same. It ain't even when you, Even, when you get your money back. No, because because here's the thing for me, those watches, each watch that I bought, it symbolized something because I was at a place where I had to like, I had to take two, three years in order to get it.


Get it. Yeah. Now I just go, I can just go get it. It don't have the same meaning. You know what I'm saying? Ocho, when you save up and get that first Rolex. Yeah. Or you save up and you get your first Patek, it, it's different. Right. And now, You know, you just just go get it. I mean, watches, I mean, I like watches. Right. But it doesn't have the same meaning I had 30 years ago when it was like, man, I saw that. And I gotta like, okay, two years I'm gonna save me enough money, do an autograph of pi, do an appearance here, do an autograph signing in there, Ojo. I'm gonna get that right. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get that day date blackface, diamond bezel. I, I'm gonna get that now. I mean, you go just get a watch. I mean, 'cause You know you make good money.


It ain't, it ain't the same to me. I mean, somebody like, Hey, Patek AP Boron, jp, You know FP join? No. Marlon Humphrey had a wild take this week. He tweeted breakfast. Food is so weak. I've been skipping it and waiting until what restaurants open? Earliest for lunch? Nah. Huh? I'm a breakfast guy. Yeah, I'm a breakfast guy too. He tripping. Every, every morning guy I got, I got three places. Either I'm going to McDonald's to get my usual, I'm going to IHOP to get my two for two. Or I go to first watch. Oh, well I got another one. I got another one too. Uncle. If you ever come down. What? If you ever come down here Miami two Ryan.


Y'all gotta try just spoons. Just spoon. Chad and I answer your phone when I hit you, Chad, I Hit you. I got a new number. I got a new number. No, you don't hold on Answer bar man. No, I'm saying I do have no, I'm answer your phone when I hit you, Chad. I got you. I do have a new number though. Hey. Oh, you hit Chad, you hit Chad. What's up man? What you need? Oh, oh, okay, okay. Nah, I got, I I love breakfast though. I'm, I'm a I I love, You know, I love grits, right? Eggs, bacon, crispy. If it's gonna be sausage, it's gonna be sausage patties, right? Pancakes. I take pancakes over French toast. It'd be pancakes first French toast second. A waffle third.


I'm not a big waffle guy 'cause they, they get soggy too quick. That, I mean, I, I I I can do eggs benedict, but it's not, I, it's not a must have. Right? But scrambled eggs, grits, bacon or sausage, I mean, yeah. I'm not gonna like me. I I I'm just trying for breakfast. Hey, Hold on. I just thought about it. Boy, you been, you've been to grit's cafe yet, yet. Where is that at, Man? Right? Where you At? What whatcha talking about? I'm gonna have to go to it then. GR Cafe. You heard of that man? Hey, I guarantee you I all jokes. Lemme take my glasses off so You know I ain't bullshitting. I guarantee you love G gr Cafe.


I bet you that and everything because I love it. Everything you just named they got, I mean, I used to, I used to go like, like, like during the week in Atlanta, the Ritz Carlton used to have a b have breakfast buffet. Yeah. Pour them grits. Hold on. But go. I started, I started hiding. I got one time to just make breakfast. Say, look here bro. I just need you to break breakfast like four days a week. Gr gr Cafe is us though. It's us. You get what I'm trying to say. I'm gonna check it out. What you're saying, Chad. I'm check it out. Trying to say Chad. Hey, I'm trying to say it's us, like it's What's us. If they cooking grit, I'm pretty sure it is. Okay. Yeah. There you go. There you go. Go.


Yeah, because everybody, everybody can't cook Grs now. Ocho. Oh no. Absolutely not. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, they give you these croissants to go with the, to go with the before, before the breakfast come? Yeah. It say hold on. It say La Nah, nah. I would tell y'all Phil. Yeah, we don't want everybody. We don't want every want. Everybody inundating it. Alright. Alright. Ocho, we had the, the hundred, we had the a hundred men versus the gorilla. Now they got another one. A hundred Americans versus a hundred British people. Who's winning? Check out this video.


I say the bear gonna beat hell out. Y'all. Who? I think the America's gonna win. I mean, I, Hey, You know what? It's gonna be Roddy because You know a lot of them from Birmingham and Worried Name Island. Hey, they soccer fans, man, they be on one. Those two, You know, they don't play, they don't play. They a they die. They die about soccer. Yeah. They're Willing to die. Anybody that's willing to die about a sport, they don't, they don't play. We Are in a theater about, Joe, how you think we became America? I be, damn. Hey, that's, that's a good one. So we good?


Hey bro, we good? We already one up. That's a go. That's a good one. Alright guys, it's time for our last segment of the evening is time for q and a. Woo. Alright. Right. Sheldon Pope wants to know Ryan, who's a bigger figure in Boston. Paul Pierce or Tom Brady. Who asked that? Sheldon Pope. That's a good question though. I, I love Paul Pierce, what Paul did for Boston. You can I question, but Thomas, Edward Brady, Tom Brady is the goat of all goats.


So even beyond Boston, his name is, is Unquestionable. But Paul got his strikes, man. You know what I'm saying? I I I need people to put pull respect on me. Man. Don't, don't you think Paul, don't you think he comes behind? Let's see Larry Bird, don't you think he comes behind Bobby Orr? Don't you think he comes behind Ted Williams? Don't you think he comes behind Bill Russell? That's just for hundred percent. Tom Brady. Tom Brady. If lemme ask you, here's the thing. If we do a Mount Rushmore, because this is, I think this is the way you have to do it when you do it. Yeah, yeah. If you do a Mount Rushmore, who's going on Boston's Mount Rushmore, Larry by Red Auerbach Brady.


And shoot, if you want to go coach, you go Belichick. I can Lisa, what he's done, big Bill, right? If we put names Yeah. I'm not familiar with baseball. Maybe there's another name in there. A boxing lead. There you go. Ted Williams. So, I mean, there, there you go. I mean, I don't, are we sure? Are we sure all generation Paul takes the basketball, but we can't compare with those other sports, I don't believe because are we sure Paul is gonna be in front of Big Poppy? Ooh, that's a good one. Well, they lo You know, they love Big Poppy in both. That that's a good one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's a tough one. I love Paul. Shout out to you.


Former teammate. I'm gonna put him on there. He my teammate got Paul. See you, my guy. Right Next 71. Hey Uncle Ocho, I wanna bet y'all 5,200 that Boston make them threes in game two. Well, I hope they don't have back to back games where they miss 45 threes. They won't. But I don't know if they should take 60 threes. They won't, they won't, they won't have another game like that. Aren Owen said, the Cavs got me ready to crash out. I'm sick, bro. This thing I, it's hard for me to see a scenario. It's hard for me to see a scenario in which they win the series. Right. I don't know what you thinking and I, but I said it from the beginning because in Deanna that their clutch, they're underrated.


Miles Turner is a headache because he can pop and shoot threes and he can dive and block shots. Yep. Yep. And, and, and then they injured it. It's a, it's a mental thing right now with, with with police. And they go and when they get to back to, they going to be going crazy. And it's not like this is a team with the Cav lid that we looking at. We going with man. We know who they like. We didn't know who Golden State was going to be in game seven. That's is tough. You know who you, you, you, You know who Denver was gonna be. Yeah. You know, yolk is shown. Those boys, you still figuring out who the Cavs are. They're very talented, unbelievable year. But the challenge is, You know, they gotta know who they're gonna be showing up and we don't have that confidence yet.


Devin Jet said Cavs about to fold like Ryan Hols and Madden, miss Patrice said, and this aunt that they got that whooped on with no step in the second half. Hell, they have step from midway through the second quarter on the six foot Aquarius. Hey, before Celonis we had Bill Walton true. Bill Walton was a great passing big man knees with, he had knee and foot and feet problems. And normally that's what happened with, with big guys. Yeah. Feet too hard. That's yeah.


Josh, R 98 45 threes as knees. Chaz, don't sneeze. Warrior five, man. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Thank you guys for tuning in. As we saw the Golden State Warriors go on the road and win game one first time in NBA history, all four road teams won game one. And to make it battles worse, Indy went up on the road and won both games in dramatic fashion. Tonight, Tyrese Halliburton game winning three with 1.1 second after being down with seven with 50 seconds left in the ball game, they come all the way back, was down by as many as 20 points at one point in time.


Come all the way back to take a two oh lead heading to end it. They can close out the series and don't have to take a plane again until the Eastern Conference finals. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, the Liberty City Legend, the bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the pro bowler, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And stopping by the contribute to the basketball discussion. The Rockets radio broadcast. Pasadena native UCLA alum. He said he was a seven foot high jumper, but I didn't read that anywhere, so I'm gonna have to take his word for it. Here he is later. Gentlemen, Ryan Hollis. Ryan, thank you for joining us.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support and your continued support because thanks to you Nightcap is what it's become. Make sure you check out shaa by LA Portier. We do have it in stock. It is a premium VSOP cognac and we currently have the best VSOP cognac on the market. The awards and the taste from the fans tell us we do so. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go check out my media company page on all of its platforms.


She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work Tour are on sale. Our eight stops are Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, la, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now. Ryan, thank you for joining us, man. Appreciate the breakdown, the analysis. Best of luck. Stay healthy. Good luck to your rockets next year. Stop back and join us. Stop back by joining us sometime, bro. Appreciate it. Appreciate it Brother Man's.


I'm up. Keith Ocho, that's Ryan. See you tomorrow. All right, boss, I'm gonna see you. The Volume.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Lights, camera, innovation. Walt Disney Studio's chose advanced 5G solutions from T-Mobile for business to transform the movie making process together we kept a remote production hub in Hawaii in syn with a team in California to bring Lilo and Stitch to theaters this summer. This is picture perfect collaboration. This is Walt Disney Studios with T-Mobile for Business. Take your business further at T-Mobile dot com slash now.


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate so you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money. Money movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause? And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh. Optiv mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh Optive Mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eye drop aisle at all major retailers.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.