
It doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that. With the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's know's home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same Day, valid on eligible in-Stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms. Apply See lowe's dot com slash same day delivery for details.


Every four years, the world watches every corner kick, every save every pass. The world watches its most beautiful game played at its highest level. And for a moment, the world stops turning for soccer. Bank of America is proud to be the official bank sponsor of FIFA World Cup 2026. Supporting possibilities turned into achievements on the biggest stage. What would you like the power to do? Bank of America? Na. Member Yesi.


If you're a facilities manager at a warehouse and your HVAC system goes down, it can turn up the heat literally, but don't sweat it. Grainger has you covered. Grainger offers over a million industrial grade products for all your operations, including warehouse, HVAC, maintenance, and even better, they offer access to experts and fast delivery. So you and your warehouse can both keep your cool. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake, I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Waken Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at Draftking Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia. Visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


John Peyton won in his return to New Orleans and they blow out and blow out fashion ocho the Broncos blew out the injury depleted Saints 33 10 on Thursday night football. Bo Nicks, hold on, let me get the box score. Bo Nicks played really, really well tonight. He was 16 of twenty six, a hundred sixty four yards, A clean game offensive line. Did a great job of protecting the mocho. No sacks, no turnovers. They ran the ball 35 times for 225 yards. Javonte Williams had 14 rushes, 88 yards and two touchdowns. Yeah. As they completely take apart the New Orleans Saints I mentioned they are injury depleted. Sprint Rattler was 23 or 35, 1 72.


No touchdowns, no interception, but he was sacked and he was sacked six times. But he was harassed all that night long. Ocho I mean, I'm trying to figure out how it got, so you know what? Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa. The Saints have been bad. What happened was, listen, lemme say this, Okay? We watched them take apart the Dallas Cowboys and so we overestimated how good they were. But when you look at what has transpired, they won their first two games, right? And haven't really come close with the exception of Atlanta winning a game since Ocho and I don't know what the injury starting to pile up. Listen, I don't think it's gonna get any better. I don't when it's get any better anytime soon.


Listen, it is too many injuries. Your best two receivers are out. Derek Carr is out the first two games of the season. You put up 45 points in both of those games. You go on oh and five since then, it's not gonna get any better anytime soon. I feel bad. Yep. Hamstring Mark Latimore left game. He me too, Latimore left his game with Injury also. He missed me too because of his hamstring injury. Now he's reinjured it. So some of, some of the key quality players that you do need to even compete at the highest level because I know it, I know they always say it's next man up, but they're, they're the next man for a reason. They're the next next man for a reason.


The Saints have only put up. Yeah, you, you got, you got, you only Got so Many Saints have only put up 15 points the past five games after scoring 45 in the first two. And that's simply due to obviously you said it. And I think that's, I'm not saying the Broncos won because of the Saints injuries, but it played a big part. The Saints are not at full strength. Therefore, listen, the score line looked the way it did. Bo Nicks, Bo Nicks is good. That goddamn Javonte Williams. Well, he can tote that pill boy, he can tote that pill. I would like to see he can, if the the Broncos are playing a better team, I would like to see them get the pass the game going a little bit more.


Courtland Sutton, they gotta get him involved. They gotta get, they gotta, they gotta get him involved. He's making, yeah, he's making I agree. Too much money to be out there getting cardio in. He's making too much money to be out there getting cardio in. That's all it was in night. That's what he got tonight. Yeah. Yeah. That, that, that, that, that shouldn't happen. He didn't have a catch. That shouldn't happen. I'm sure he is frustrated. I know they won the game, but one of the things they do, they use it against you. If you don't have the production and you make a lot of money like he's doing, they, they'll use that against you in the, in the off season. But other than that, the Broncos look good. I mean, wait, who? They got a tough game next, don't they? Right.


I could have swore I, I think, if I'm not mistaken, I think, I'm think they got a tough one coming up. Oh, sh oh, well listen, that's another One you got. No, they got the Panthers. That's another one. You know, I like, I like Bo Ns too. I like Bo ns. Bo Nicks got Moxie. I don't even know what Moxie mean. I just heard Ma Mel Kiper use it during the goddamn draft. He, he real, he real feisty. Like remember how Baker Mayfield was at Oklahoma for some reason? I don't know why Bo Nick just gives me that. He just gave me that, that that that firecracker type. Yeah, like a firecracker. I I, I don't know. I don't know how to explain it. I don't know how to put it in the right words, but I, I like Bo Nicks.


I, I like him. I like him. Yeah, he's got a, he's got some athleticism he run. Yeah. Needed to work on his accuracy. But he's, he's, he, he, you can do a lot of things with him. Mojo, they got the, they got the, the Panthers next. That's too. And then they got Ravens and Chiefs. They prob they probably gonna win this one in that momentum. That momentum hopefully, you know, they have a great, great defense. I'm, I'm assuming maybe Pat C would be back by then and not a concussion protocol, but listen, if they could win next, next one against the panther, but they probably will. I'm curious to see how bow Nicks plays against now we talk about two defenses that are much better.


That are much better and you're gonna, you're gonna need. Yeah. Huh. And offense is also much better. Oh Yeah, yeah. Oh most definitely. Most Definitely. Offenses That are much better. So we're gonna see if you, if you, if you plan from ahead or if you have to play from behind, either way it goes, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a good one and it's gonna be a good test for both two. It's gonna be a real good test for both. Yeah. Yeah. I mean considering how poorly they played Sunday against the Chargers, they didn't play particularly well considering they had won three straight and they were playing really, they were playing really well. So I was surprised that they didn't play as well as I thought they would on Sunday against the Chargers. And the Chargers had been struggling. That is a division game.


Right. So, you know, you kind of toss a lot out the window when you play a division opponent because you're very familiar. Even though they have a new coaching staff that's still, that's still someone in your division. A lot of the key players are still there. Especially offense. We talk about Justin Herbert and a couple of the big, a couple of the receivers, although Keenan Allen is gone, Mike Williams is gone. They still have some guys that played heavy, had played a lot of, play a lot of snaps last year for him. Yeah. Especially at the skill position. Offensive line is pretty much intact. They've signed alt, they drafted alt. I don't know if he's playing. I think he got dinged, but defensively they still got some players. They got some players over there on the defense side of football. That's what's most surprising when you talk about the charges is that they're not better considering the defensive talent that they have on that side of the football.


But the Broncos go on the road on a very short week. It's never easy playing on the road. But when you cut the days down by three, right? So instead of playing on a Sunday afternoon, you playing on a Thursday night. Right. And you just played Sunday afternoon. Yeah. It ain't, Ain't a whole lot of time. Mojo ain't a whole lot, ain't a whole lot of on field practice walkthrough. It's a lot of film study. It's a lot of walkthroughs. Like a lot of basic stuff. Hey let's try to get, let's try to put this thing together and get, get outta here with a minimal injuries. 'cause you know you sore unless you're like in your first or second year. Anybody that's five, five years beyond are you feeling? Oh you hurt. You Are definitely feeling it.


Oh you hurting after being acquired by from by the New York Jets. From the Las Vegas Raiders earlier this week. Devonte Adams is eyeing a long-term partnership with the new team. When asked if he like a multi-year relationship with the Jets. I hope so. That's the plan. I never go somewhere in hopes of having to find a new home while Rogers have been in, has been affected throwing the ball together with Alex Azar over the last couple of games, the outside spots, which has been a huge problem. Rogers and Mike Williams has not been on the same page in 2024, the Jets offensive suffered. They average 304 yards per game. 18.8 points, but a little less than 19 points a game. Both ranked 22nd ocho.


Are you expecting? God damn right. I'm expecting old because there's something you can't teach. There's something you can't teach that Aaron Rogers and Devonte Adams have, that's almost seven or eight years worth of work. 76. So I think maybe 67 something tv, maybe 76 tds, 8,000 yards together. 117 games together. And the chemistry that they have a look, I can look at you and I know where you're gonna be at. I know everything you gonna do. Aaron Rogers could be blindfolded and whatever the route is, he can throw it to a spot and know Adams gonna be there every time he's familiar with the system that they're running. So all he is doing is just, is just, he going to a new team, he's with the Jets and you just plug him in and you just go, I mean, I know it, it sounds simple the way I'm saying, but when you have a quarterback that you've played with for so long and you still as a receiver are very adequate at doing what you do as far as getting open and running routes, he's, he's still one of the best, despite the lack of production because the inconsistent play at quarterback, there's nothing wrong with him.


I guarantee you they both pick up where they left off at. I think the thing is OCHO is that they're very, very familiar with each other. Familiar with it always helps. Same thing. Yes Sir. The system, this is the system that he ran in Green Bay and the plays are familiar. Roger's voice in his ear is familiar. So I yeah, I think they should pick up where they, where they, I'm excited. Left off what I'm excited years ago at least. I hope so for his sake, because you know, look, they had started to say she, She Devonte wasn't the same receiver last year. Right? Right. Not factoring in not factoring in that he lost Derek Carr a O'Connell and whomever the other quarterbacks were.


That's not Derek. That's not Derek Carr. And so no matter what you think, yeah, Derek Carr's not Right. Right. He's not Joe Burrow. He's not Patrick Mahome. He's not one of these top quarterbacks, but he's better than eight O'Connell and his first year with Devonte. Exactly. Devonte had 1500 yards and was the first team all pro. There's something to be said for that. And there's, there's one thing that, that I hate that, that the pundits do. The analysts, those that should know the game and they always talk about certain players losing a step or they don't have it anymore. When you don't factor in that, for one, the inconsistent player quarterback affects that. The opportunities that you normally get when they're putting up those, those numbers, those good numbers, there's a reason why you're not doing so.


And they never factored it in. The first thing they say is, oh, the player's losing a step when you know that's not the case, instead of saying exactly what it is. Well, I'm, I'm glad you brought it up because we know there's nothing wrong with him. Now. You'll know when a player loses a step by watching them. Yeah. I'm curious to see how teams are going to play the, just now they play the Steelers, so it's gonna be a very, very interesting matchup. Joey Porter Jr. Is he gonna take Garrett Wilson or are they gonna put the number one on, on on Devonte Adams? So I'm not sure how it's gonna play out. So for his first game back with Aaron Rogers, this is a good game, a good test for them. 'cause they're playing a very good defense in the Steeler. So I'm excited. I'm excited. I think, I think they're gonna pick up right where they left off at.


And there, there's a, there's a certain chemistry when you play with somebody so long that you just can't replicate. And I know IIII just know they're gonna take some of the things they did in Green Bay, add it to that, add it to that offense and they gonna, they just gonna go to work. Yeah, but let, let's, let's be real. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Aaron Rogers hadn't played well this year. Old Joe. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that, let's not, I mean, I understand what he was in Green Bay, but we haven't seen that yet with the Jets. And it's gonna be very interesting to see if he can get back. Now do we, do I expect him to be what he was MVP seasons?


I don't know Joe. I don't, I mean, he's, he, no, I mean he's coming up on Achilles and he's 40 years old. Yeah. But also you have a weapon. When you have a weapon like that, you can count on every goddamn time. If you look, if you've been watching the just games, I've been watching the just games like maybe you got, you got a young bull like, like 17 man that can actually get open like that. I really think even post pre Achilles injury, he could always count on them boys to be open. That's, that's the reason he was able to win that MVP. Yeah. But He had, because he was able, He had, he was able to get the ball to them. He was able to facilitate and they were always open. He knew where everybody was gonna be. They were always in the right spot. There would be no mistakes. Like you saw the other night where he threw the ball to Mike Williams and Mike Williams wasn't on the red line.


Which quarter. I don't like that. Oh, the quarterback. You gotta eat that one. Yeah. You gotta, Yeah. What you say? What you, yeah. What you say is there's a little miscommunication. You don't, now we get behind closed doors, right? Like Yeah, he, hes the side, but he never got back out here. If, if they, if they plan to, and you got, and you gotta go ball. If you gonna release south side, get back out there to the red line so the quarterback got somewhere to go with it. Eat it. I mean, how many times you think during the course of a game a receiver runs the wrong route? Quarterback has the wrong read. Right. And we don't know about it because they don't discuss it. And then once I'm sure it happens, behind happens. That's what we do.


That's why, that's why cars was like, Hey, o I'll Never forget showed up. Yeah. John was the same. Right. John was the same way. Troy was the same way. Peyton Manning, you heard Peyton Manning, right. Quarterbacks are, Hey, you understand A, they control, they, yeah, Definitely. They control the food on the table. Now they, they'll control Whether. you get to eat a lot or little Now how much you want to eat. Be careful. Oh, I'm okay. Better be careful. Matter of fact, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm glad you just said that. You Absolutely better be careful. Don't think, lemme tell you how, how I want chat chat those of you to, to look at, look at my stats when you get the chance.


Look at my stats. Unc I don't remember what year this was, but I was kind of disgruntled. I was kind of disgruntled. And I don't think I asked for a trade. It might have been Drew. It just, I kind of got sick of the media blaming me for the reason we were losing. So they were putting everything on me because obviously I was the one doing all, having all the fun and whatever. So they started to turn on me a little bit, our own media in Cincinnati. And I said, you know what? Well, hey, I wanna trade, I want out. Something like that. And I remember the, the red, excuse me, the commanders at that time and Dan Snyder, they offered the Bengals a one for one. And Mike Brown said, no. Mike Brown said no, we're not gonna set a precedent that a player can come in and say, okay, he's not happy. And say, oh, you know what I want?


I want a drink. Nah, it ain't happening. Wow. So they turned that down. Right. I'm just coming off a really good season. Despite me being disgruntled unc, I don't know what they did offensively or how they weren't able to get me the ball that particular year. All of a sudden, unc I had about 500 yards the whole season. I, I swear to God. And it wasn't, isn't that, oh no, no, no, no. Was that your last year? That last year With T 1213 yard season. And then, you know, I was getting, the media was on my ass about us losing unc. There was nothing. I was healthy. I was completely healthy. I sw of God, if you look at my stats, you look at it, it's thousand thousand, thousand thousand thousand thousand.


And all of a sudden it's a 500 yard season. I don't know if they found a way, like, like to work me out the offense. Oh, I really had 500 yards the whole season and then the next season I'm right back to 1200. Like, it like in a, in a sense it was like, damn, are they that powerful? Where, you know what? Oh, you wanna play with us? Okay, we gonna play with you the whole season. And I was scared to say anything. 'cause I already called Ruckus and, and made noise in the off season. So I'm definitely not gonna do it in season. 'cause I'm always, I'm already on thin ice. Yeah. In a sense. And I'm like, but damn, they not even, I'm like, I'm not even part of the offense. That's what it felt like. And I was still, I was still that boy.


I ain't know what the hell I, I ain't know what the hell was going on. So I, I just had to throw that story out there ba based on what you were just talking about. That's crazy. Well, here's the, the, the problem that they have is that can they protect? Now you see Buffalo had relentless pressures on Rogers. What do you think, what do you think the Steelers are gonna be able to with tj? Y they better chip and He, they better chip. What are they gonna Do? They gotta have a game plan because Ty is the brother Tyron Smith on the left side. Hey, listen, no disrespect ooh, no disrespect to him, but I obviously, I don't think he's gonna have to go against TJ Walker. And TJ Y is most of the time he's on, on the left side, so he'd be dealing with the right tackle.


But that young bull, that young bull, I don't know who it was he was struggling with, but he looked like his his feet and seamen out there. Hey Ness, Man. Listen, he's not what? He's not what he once was when he was the Cowboys. Maybe the injury. I'm not sure what it is. Yeah, I mean, I think the Jeffs were expecting to get a, to get the old Tyron Smith and they just got an old Tyron Smith. Nah, Because he doesn't move. He doesn't move, he doesn't, his feet can kick the slide. The punk, He can, he can kick, he can Kick with hands, have gotten lazy with it once was, and it's hard, Right?


He don't cover as much ground with the kick. And he's gotten la he's gotten really lazy with his hands. And you see a lot of guys just right, wax on, wax off and they gone. They buying no and no. They never used to be tyrant Smoking. And he was, oh, he was so strong at a point of attack. Once he put the hand there and gets you in your chest, boy you ain't going nowhere. Yes. Yeah. You know, I be, I be watching, I be walking, I be watching offensive tackle play. Now I know. It doesn't matter what plays you call, if you don't have the personnel to run them.


Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that with the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's knows home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same day. Valid on eligible in-stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms apply See lowe's dot com slash same day delivery for details.


Every four years, the world watches, every corner kick, every save, every pass. The world watches its most beautiful game played at its highest level. And for a moment, the world stops turning for soccer. Bank of America is proud to be the official bank sponsor of FIFA World Cup 2026, supporting possibilities turned into achievements on the biggest stage. What would you like the power to do? Bank of America? Na member Jesse.


Hey everyone. Jake story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake, it's your go-to spot for anything and everything, sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on waking and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Waken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Waken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League Baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel. And new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Here are the list of receivers that could be moved by the deadline. You got Deandre Hopkins with the Titans. You got Deontay Johnson of the Panthers. You got Mike Williams of the Jackson. Whoa, you got Cooper Cup of the Rams. Hold on. Jordan has, what the hell they got Jordan Addisons name in there. There's no need to move Jordan. There's no need to move Jordan. Okay, the Cooper Cup. I understand Cooper, the cool is probably gonna take over. Take over for for Cup. Cup, yeah Sal, I mean obviously salary reasons, That's a big salary. They put him on there. They didn't, you might not even know. He might take a pay cut. He might take a pay cut to stay in that system. Gimme, gimme one more. Deontay Johnson. You know where, you know where he be a good fit for him to go back to?


Yeah, right back to Pittsburgh because they, they're, they're really Pittsburgh. No disrespect to any of the receivers on the Steelers team, but he's another good viable option that can get the F open on the other side of George Pickins. Why not? You think you don't want to? Would he want to? That's why they let him go. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What was He doing? Remember the loafing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember that. I, but I'm attitude a different perspective because as you look at it, when you go from team to team like that, all right, now the window's closing the win, the win the window, the window starting to close, your eyes start to open up a little, a little bit more.


You know, you not, you're not a young chicken though. You ain't no spring chicken no more. You start paying attention to the way the league is moving the older folks out. So you come in on your best behavior when you get a a second sometime the third chance Is Max Crosby on the move soon. Also, he has some interesting comments today. I'm not here to rebuild, I'm here to win, whatever that means. But I'm here to win Now wherever I'm going to be, I'm gonna be here to win. So if I'm Detroit, I offer a first and a third round pick for Max Crosby. Right? I I'm not bull, I'm not, look, this is what I got on the table for you.


I got a first and a third because you just left one of the premier pa you just won The lead leading Sac Leader, one of the Premier Passport, seven and a half sacks. Yep. Most Definitely. I'm going to get Max CROs In and imagine next year, max on one side and Aiden O'Connell on the other. I mean, I'm talking about Aiden O'Connell and Aiden Aiden Hutchson on the other side. Aiden Hutchinson. And they just signed, I mean, they got CI Cincinnati dj, they got DJ Re that was at Cincinnati. I forget. They just, they just extended a big DT tackle. I forget his name. They just gave a boatload of money, like 90 plus million dollars.


Yeah, they got some, they got some good, They got a really young Talent. I mean that GM has done a great job. But if I'm Max, I'm like, I'm trying to, I'm trying to go to Detroit. That's where I wanna be. And he is, he is a dream for Campbell. Yeah. Yeah. That's the, that's the kinda guy Campbell wants to coach. You ain't got a, just let him go play. You gotta say much. See a lot of people, I ain't one. See, a lot of people get fooled by, you know, Jerry, you know Jerry's made a lot of black men millionaires. Those men could do something for Jerry.


Don't let Jerry fool you because he don't fool Shannon. He showed you who he was. Jerry showed you Oh yeah. He showed you a lot of who he was in 2016. He showed you, but y'all didn't wanna listen to it. Uhuh You, y'all didn't want y'all, y'all didn't believe. Y'all didn't believe what you saw. Yeah. All right. Y'all didn't believe what you heard. Now all of a sudden some of y'all shot Neil. Neil where Jerry was, say Neil. Who? Neil on what? Yeah. Okay. Okay. You'll be on the line. Your head will be over your heart. Like I said, Thursday When you get upset.


Yeah. And what you say and how you treat people says Everything. That's How y'all says everything. Everything, everything. So hopefully Mario, they build a relationship build, get on the same page real, real quick. But we gonna talk about Jerry A. Little later. We ain't done with his ass yet. Ooh, I know. I'm not clearly the odds make us Ocho feel that Cooper is a bigger addition to Bills than Adams is to the Jets. Well, I, I, Because if Chiefs one Ravens two right. Texans and Bills tied for the third best odds, and then you have the be And the Jets Time for the fourth best odds.


I mean the Bengals of the Jets, right? You know, based on, based on those odds. I think fifth, fifth, Fifth, I think the odds makers are looking at how the bills are planned. Before ma got there, they looking at how Josh all was playing, not having, you know, superstar weapons at his disposal. And they were still doing okay. They were still doing well. So with his addition, I mean, it just, I mean obviously it just takes everything up a little, a little bit more. I could be wrong. I don't know how they, I don't know how they make these things. But again, it's just, it's an educated guess. 'cause you never know how things are gonna turn out or What, what's amazing How that's crazy To the point That's crazy.


Crazy. And it, it is stuff like that where people think that the game is rigged. They, they think it is, but it's impossible to get 53 people on the same page. I know that it's impossible to orchestrate 53 people or 11 on one side of the ball and the other 11 the follower goddamn script. That's why I understand why people say that sometime. Do you know how difficult that would be, man, please, Ocho, we played the game. Yeah. You tell the first person, you tell them something in the ear and by the time we get all the way to the back, dang ain't what he gonna saying one little thing. So how you gonna get fit?


Yeah, maybe. Yeah. Once upon a time, Ocho, it's too much money involved. You talking about a guy that's making 60 million, you really tell me he willing to risk his 60 million. Not A chance If he bad for the league to do what? But I but ocho I think, you know, I think, I think they'd be playing, maybe they'd be playing sometime And, and, and it, there ain't nothing you could do. You think so? No. They'd be dead serious. Yeah. Ocho people are gullible. Why you, why you think, like you said, look at the internet. People believe that that's, that those are, those people live, that they really be buying pirate jets and they have them big homes and they have all these cars and all that stuff.


You see how the internet do that? And how somebody can say something on the internet and it is totally not true. But then it gets retweeted, it gets shared it, and then it gets, man, that's all these hopes such and such died. Yeah. Yeah. People are gullible. Ocho people are naive. Troy Eggman did not hold back when addressing the disappointment of the cal to the start of the cowboy season. Whoa, whoa. Took Dan CD Lamb in the other Dallas wide receivers. Whoa. For their performances. Hold on through the first six game. I think the routes are terrible. I think they run terrible routes. And I've always thought that beyond this year, I think CD's got to improve in its route running. And as a quarterback, if you're not certain where the guys are going to be consistently, it's hard to play that position.


I see guys lazy coming off the line of scrimmage. Sometimes they run, usually if they do, it's because they're anticipating they're going to get the football on that play. But if they're not, they don't. And it all ties together. So I'm not impressed with that part of the game. Troy also talked about cd missing mini camp. I'm an old school guy. I just believe practice matters. So do I I believe that having the team together matters. So do I. So if I knew I was going to be signing him anyway, I would've had to sign. So he'd be working out with my quarterback and doing things that they should be doing. Ocho I, you see, this is what I like Ocho. I like when Troy, see, I like when, right?


White quarterbacks say that, right? Because they don't get labor as haters are jealous. See, when you and I say that, we, if I have said the exact same thing, which say, oh, you a hater, you jealous, you bringing the black man down. Now what y'all gonna say about Troy? I'm listening y'all the comments. What y'all say about Troy? What y'all say? Troy? He jealous. He a hater. He envious because that's what y'all do to when blacks, we try to offer critique. But what we see having played the game, y'all kill us. Y'all beat us up. Now what y'all gonna say about Troy? Yeah, I I, Go ahead, don't you? But CD was never Ocho I never looked at CD as a rod run. Right? CD is a guy that's tremendous run after the catch.


He's not a route runner. He's not technically sound like Jetta. He's not technically sound like Devonte. He's not a route runner. He's not like Tory ho. He's not like Mecado. He's not like Jimmy Smith. He's not like you Ocho that's not what he is. And that's okay. But what I do agree with Troy is that, bro, even when you not get the ball, you gotta bust your butt off the ball. Yeah. But yeah, I, you gotta come off. I don't like the fact him singling out CD him, singling out that. I mean, I hear a lot of CDs. There's cd, that cd, cd, but hell, the goddamn defense is atrocious. The defense is the defense is atrocious.


Offense Ain Much better. And everything is magnified now. Everything is magnified now because you're losing. So now when you're losing, everything is magnified. So now they nitpick at every little goddamn thing. But you know that going in Ocho, what's gonna happen? You start to lose. They say you lose because stuff you sat on your helmet, you start to lose because the locker room dirty. I told him, yes you do, Jerry talking about, well, we don't need him, him at practice. I said, you see? I said, see, you see, I see you see how dumb that sounds. Now you know you gonna sign him or we gonna get it. We knew we was gonna sign him. Why would you, what? What do you mean he doesn't get anything At practice? Yeah. Do you see the connection or the non connection?


And d has had, for the first six games, the Wifi is off a little bit. You get, you get that. You, i, no matter what y'all did the previous year, you have to get in the lab. You got to get in the lab and rebuild that chemistry all up again. You got to unplug your router, plug it back in and restart. Every season you gotta do it. And you can't do it in the all season. When you just by yourself in a structured environment with people pull t it and pushing on you, you, that's when you, that's when get it done. And if you knew you was gonna sign him, why? Wait. That's why, why play the game? You did the same thing with goddamn Zeke.


You did the same thing with Zeke. Thank you. Are you serious about winning then you need all your players together. You need 'em all together. Winning. It counts. And when it matters, mini camp, training camp, all season workouts. Come on man. But, but here's the thing though, Ocho is that we know Troy, Troy got in Mike's ass, right? He expected, he demanded excellence from Mike. So this is not, but I just believe you got the hold guys accountable. Yes, sir. It is an absolute must. Now I'm not telling what somebody told you, told me to say.


I'm telling you, having been in situations, the standard is the standard. And we don't change that standard because of who you are. We play to the standard and whatever and, and whatever happens after that, we live with it. But we not finna come here. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. When we hit that field, Asian, yes sir. We had an expectation. I don't know how everybody else did it, but when we hit that field in Denver, yeah, Y'all listen, y'all was a well oiled machine, bro. Y'all was a well oiled machine.


Well oiled machine. There was an expectation. ocho, Right? There was an expectation that we had. We played to a standard. We know what was expected. We knew what was expected of us from each and individual, each and every one of us. John had to play to the, we had a standard here, Right? But John needed to play to his standard. 84 needed to play to his standard. So did 30, so did 87 and 80. Everybody play to the standard, right? And then, then whatever happens after that, we live with it. But it wasn't, people think you get good in the game Monday. Yeah.


You win the games Monday through Friday. All all, everything is tied together. Anybody that tells you that it's not, don't play the game and they've never played the game, that's when you win the game. It is what you do in the meetings. How attentive are you in practice? Yeah. Yeah, I know. Practice. Yeah, I need it. I need, I just, I just, I just don't get these guys. It doesn't matter what plays you call, if you don't have the personnel to run them.


Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that with the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's knows home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL. Same day. Valid on eligible in stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms. Apply See lowe's dot com slash same day delivery for details.


Every four years, the world watches every corner kick, every save, every pass. The world watches its most beautiful game played at its highest level. And for a moment, the world stops turning for soccer. Bank of America is proud to be the official bank sponsor of FIFA World Cup 2026. Supporting possibilities turned into achievements on the biggest stage. What would you like the power to do? Bank of America? Na, member f Jesse.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. It's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Wake and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus, we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Awaken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


While attending the NFL meetings in Atlanta, Jerry explained to the athletics Diana Rossini, why he reacted the way he did on 1 0 5 0.3. I don't know, I, I don't know that I would go as far as calling it The. Volume connotation is yelling. Hmm. Okay. But the facts are if I'm going to be grilled by tribu, by the tribunal, I don't need to to be by the guys that I'm paying. Oh, so he can't fire him. Huh? If you pay, sir, somebody a salary, can you fire the mocho? So let me repeat that. 'cause a lot of times people are like, well, Jerry, but the facts are that if I'm going to be grilled by the tribunal, I don't need it to be by guys that I'm paying.


I can take it from the fans, I can take it from other people. I take a lot of pride in how fair and how much I try to work with the media. We're brothers and sisters, but I was a little frustrated there that day. Little okay, we, we got in there as of accounting for decisions made in the off seasons. Okay, that might be as well. Going back to decision I made in 2010, my point is that there's, that's from my perspective, there's no question. I'm sure that they would've liked having me grill. Like fans are thinking, what are you going to do about this? Or what are you gonna do about that? I get it. I get all of that and I really go, I was really, I and really will go along with it.


No you wouldn't. Jerry, Jerry went on to explain how his frustration stemmed from the individual asking the questions. Not necessarily the topic itself. The wrong ones were doing the questioning. Now, if those had been real fans sitting there, if they've been people that I, that I knew they would've been talking about football people. Hey, I might have a different answer. Listen, I I Would've left. I would've, I would, I would've left. Huh? Oh Joe, you need that job man. Can Man can get another radio job somewhere and Dallas come Need that job. Trust me, you can. So lemme ask you a question. So you think you could walk out on a job that Jerry Jones and you gonna go get another job?


Now you, I think just based on circumstance and other radio stations know what happened. Man, they, they'll hire that boy. Jerry wants some fucking yes men. 'cause he paying them. That's all it is. He wants some. Yeah. He want, I want, yes. If I'm paying you, make sure you don't ask me the tough questions and make sure you on my side at all times a bunch of yes men. Dude. It's like, it's like, it's like dudes with an entourage. I want you to think about this. You know the dude, you know the golden goose who making the money? Yeah. You never one told him. You know what, that ain't a good idea. Boy you know what, you shouldn't be doing that. You know what you was drinking. Gimme your keys, let me drive. But you don't wanna say nothing 'cause you don't wanna get your, your check cut off.


You don't want your get cut off. Come on man. I Don't think you Jerry. Yeah Ocho tell Him to hire Me in Dallas. In Dallas. In Dallas. If Jerry Jones right. Goes to any anything. Okay, I see what saying. He says don't hire him. That guy's not getting hired. The Cowboys. The Cowboys are Dallas Ocho. The man tried to get Roger Goodell. What the hell you think he gonna do to a guy making a hundred to between a hundred thousand and $400,000.


Yeah, Powell, listen, it reveals who a person truly is. What It reveals who a person truly is. You got that kind of money, you gonna flex your power, you gonna flex your muscles. You want to be attached, you wanna be attached to the Cowboys ocho you wanna be attached, you wanna be the flagship station. You wanna be able to have, you wanna be able to talk to Jerry at What cost, at what cost, at what cost. You can't even look yourself in the goddamn mirror and really be yourself. You really can't ask a question. You need to ask. You can't ask the questions that the people that's listening to the radio station want you to ask.


'cause you gotta pay and appease to the man paying you the money, writing the check. You got me, got me fucked up. Yeah. Tell him behind me. I ask him the questions. Yep. No you won't because we just now starting to get you to do the right thing. Yeah, I know you with Jerry. I ask him I No you're not then then see you have to be careful. That's why I say let me have of this. You gotta be careful. Yeah. Oh, FL run everything bro. I got, I got the main man, I got the main man on speed dial. I'm good.


Yeah, Just, just between you and I. Yeah. The most powerful man in the NFL, he lives in Dallas. Okay. Okay. I don't like the, I don't like the way he's trying to scare me 'cause he don't want No. Oh I ain't trying to scare you. Yeah, I'm just, I'm just, but you know, I'll keep it factual with you. Yeah, that's him. Steven Jones saw has to make sure he got something to say this week when asked if he sees any significant coaching or personnel changes during the bi week. He said no I don't. We got the right kind of guys on the right, on the coaching staff and I think we have the right kind of players. I feel like we got the right group here. I don't necessarily know that raising hell is the answer here.


Right. So ain't no changes. Yeah, There's no changes. What? What changes they gonna make right now anyway? Okay. Ain't really where you gonna go. I mean if you're gonna make changes there has to be a direction in which you're going to go and when you make the change, what coach you gonna go get? What players can you go get? No, I don't think. I don't think Right. I don't think Jerry would make a coaching change in season. Yeah because Zim is on the staff Zim defense getting trounced. So how do you promote him? Brian Schottenheimer has never been a head coach. His offense is not like they're lighting it up.


So if I were to remove Mike McCarthy from his duties right, I got you. Where am I going with this? ocha, I got you. So, but you know look, that's what power does. I mean power has you moving and thinking, oh you asked me that question. Oh get him up off of there. He go talk about it. Was the guy, the guy's asking you millions of questions before? Yes he was upset 'cause he getting in the doors, he getting hey they breaking it off up any they breaking it off up any Yeah Up until they're breaking it off up any, it ain't nothing they can do.


OCHO is one thing, right? If you lo you lose about a field goal here or something OCHO and they getting Trounce, They getting blown out of the building. They getting Trounced Their building. Keer know Wood JR said Unc, my question is if when are the Broncos going to retire you? 84. So no one else can wear it. You know Kemper? That's a good question. I don't know. You know what? I need to talk, I need to talk to the Walton family. I think if you wouldn't go to the Hall of Fame, I think you should have your Jersey retired especially. I did spend 12 of about 14 years there helped win two Super Bowls. Hell I think Museum shit, museum Water, TD Champ, hell All Ain Jerseys left it well.


Oh well you could wear it. You go into the Hall of Fame, you can get it. Nelson said, who is your top five Broncos of all time? Well you gotta start with seven is one. I would go TD Vaughn Miller, John TD Vaughn. Hell, I know he only played four years there, but hell you can't leave Peyton out.


And then I'm gonna say there's a tie between me and Champ Bailey for five. I would take Peyton out and put Champ. I mean it's kinda like, I mean look, he, he played, I know he played for the Rocos man. I mean he won an MVP, he went to two Super Bowls. He was a two time first team all Pro. He broke the record for touchdown passing in the game. I mean a season he rec broke the record for to pass yards of the season. So yeah, I mean Bond basically single handed won a Super Bowl.


So, I mean he got what, Dabb near Hunter Sacks for the Broncos. Man, I, I think he's the premier defensive player in, in Bronco history. And you know, we've had some, you know, we've had Tomb Tombstone Jackson, we had Randy Shaw, you had Mech, you had Dennis Smith, you had Atwater. We've had some pretty good defensive players, but I think Bond is the best one. The. Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits. Or too small. Bad umpires. Great pitcher, catcher, duos. New rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's Three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life, and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Waken Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your Podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974, George Foreman was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam maba, all the biggest Slack artists on the planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, the election is in the home stretch right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B and Charlemagne, the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.