
Hi everyone. It's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from The Today Show. Nobody does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas to tips for the perfect holiday. Fes, join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


Holiday Magic is in the air and DS W's Got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow, styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more, and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you or DSW dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp and a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for clauses. Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you. And Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors Open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do it yourself Job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance, c dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources


As Bill Belichick talks to North Carolina about possibly becoming the next head coach at Chapel Hill Belichick spoke more about the situation on Let's Go podcast. No asked by Jim Gray about abandoning the pursuit of the all Time wins record held by Don Shula. Belichick says, I don't have any set goals. I'm open to different opportunities going forward. I'll just evaluate them as they come. He characterized the UNC talks as exploratory with the possibility of becoming something more than that. I think it's a process of just understanding what mutual goals, expectations, and resources are to find out whether it's a fit. And in the process, we'll just see how it goes. He didn't rule out returning to the NFL Belichick girlfriend supports the move to Chapel Hill And I don't support it as a colleague, as a colleague of Bill Belichick on the inside, the NFL Wednesdays at 9:00 PM on the, on the cw.


I'm gonna just throw that plug out there for yours. For those Go ahead. That don't know. That's the plug out there. Be Belichick and our colleagues Wednesday again inside the NFL on the C at 9:00 PM I, I don't, I don't like to move, I don't like to move because if Bill Belichick decides to go to Chapel Hill, I would, I think it, it, it maybe does nothing for him as a legendary coach that he, that he already is. If anything, I would love to see him transition back into the NFL obviously to get that Don Schuler record in which I talked about not long ago, maybe two or three nights ago, if I'm not mistaken, going to college. I mean, it's cool, but with the way the landscape of college is now with the NIL money and, and, and some teams being at a disadvantage when it comes to competing at the highest level.


I don't think Bill should have to go through that. I don't think he should, and I don't, I I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, don't think I personally don't think it's a good move. I personally would love Bill to stay with us at inside the NFL and when the opportunity presents itself in the NFL, then transition into that. If that team has a good, adequate quarterback that you know you can win with, and then that team or organization will give you the keys to allow you to build the offense that, excuse me, to allow you to build the defense that, you know, you need to compete at the highest level. Just, and, and, and eventually get that Don Shula record, you know, as, as the, the most winning coach of all time. That's, that's my 2 cents is how I feel.


I'm sure Billy is gonna see this and Well, for me personally, I don't think, if he wasn't interested, he wouldn't have wasted his time. So clearly he's interested in coaching. Whoa. And he doesn't want, he doesn't want another situation where all these jobs became available and he didn't get one ocho I mean, come on now think about that. Ocho you are the, all you, you're like number two on the all time willingness coach. Right? You got the most playoff wins of the coach. You got the most, you got the most Super Bowl win as a head coach and the jobs open and you don't get one. Oh man, he been, he been coaching for 57 37 years. It's, so lemme ask you a question. So it's okay to take one year off. One year off ain't gonna hurt. It wasn't his choice.


No job was offered. Now I'm not telling you what somebody told me. I'm telling you what I know. That's why he went on interviews. If who goes on a job interview, if you're not interested on the job, is that what you'll Do? I mean, sometimes When they call you for inside the NFL, you not interested in that job. You like, nah, I'm good. Oh, you went on the interview wanting to get the job. Yes. Yeah, Sometimes. Thank you. Sometimes you know what you do. Right? You know when I used to do hair back in the day. Right. And you know, you, you turn the stove on and you put the hot comb on the stove. Sometimes you gotta touch the stove to take, to take the temperature. All he doing is check. But you didn't do that unless you was doing somebody's hair. You didn't put the hot comb on the stove if nobody was coming over to get the hair done. Yeah. All, all right. Okay. I'm just making sure. Just making sure we on the same page.


Let, I'm Let you had that when you got this. Yeah, you got this one. You got this one. I I I think it look, the man wants to coach. Yeah. That's what he's done. He's done that for the better part of his life. It's not easy. It's not easy because a lot of times we see guy, we see people work these jobs Oh. And they start to deteriorate as they leave because that's all they know. And somebody say, well, it's the right thing for you to do no coach until you don't want to coach anymore. Right. If somebody give you a job, go coach. Now sometimes children, you might have to go to college route to go back. Pete Carroll, Pete Carroll was the NFL head coach.


Nobody would hire him. He had to go to USC in order to go to Seattle. Right. And maybe Coach Belichick might have to go to a UNC or wherever the case may be. Right. For a year or two in order to get back. But he's too close to the all time record. Right. To like, nah, I'm good. Yeah. I don't care what anybody says. People are competitive. Especially with milestone records, just the way, way it is. And you don't get to that level. Nobody has ever achieved anything without being competitive because life is a competition. Hmm. Whether you are a actor, you are a musician, you are a chef, it doesn't matter.


You wanna be the best. Yeah. And the likelihood if he gets this record, I don't know. I don't know if Andy's going to have enough years to coach to catch it. Right. Who's gonna coach long enough to catch it and to win like he's won. Because think about it, there was a 20 year stretch there with him and Tom. Oh yeah. They had one season, I think after they won the Super Bowl in oh one. Yes sir. They went like, they were eight and eight. Other than that there was 10, 6 11, 5 12, and four 13 and three 14 and two for 20 years. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know if anybody will break that record.


And so I think he's gonna want, I think he wants it. I think he wants to get it. And I don't blame him. Yeah. I don't blame him. Definitely Don't. Definitely don't. It's Gonna be, but you gotta go to the right situation. Or you'll be coaching 10 years. It'll take you 10 years to break it. Yeah. I'm, listen, I'm excited for him. You know, whatever he wants to do. Hell, I have kept Tom Brady just to break it. I like, yeah, yeah. Hey, hey, hey, hey, Bob and Robert. Yeah. We gonna keep Tom for number two, three more years. Right. And get the record. But hey, who knows, Tom was probably fed up. He's like, Hey, y'all should extended me when y'all wanted to be extended right now. Something else interests me.


It's kinda like a relationship. Ocho Yeah. Sometimes. Hey, you get ready to leave now. The party wants to treat you good. Nah, you had a chance to treat me good for 5, 6, 10 years. Wow. Yeah. I have made my mind up. Yeah. That, That, that's, that's how it beat some time. Yeah. Yeah. I have made my mind up. Plus I got a little, little, little honey outside too. That thing is sweet. Oh yeah. Alright. The Patriots will rep Will, will reportedly be all in on signing wide receiver t Higgins this off season. But after tonight's game, Charlie Clifford tweeted Joe Burr with a post game bombshell game. I'm confident we're going to do whatever it takes to get T Higgins back.


Oh, in 2025 said he's willing to do whatever it takes to make that happen. Sounds like Joy B wants might rework his deal to keep his wide outs. Ooh, I li I like that. I I like that. But it but what, listen, listen, I know one thing. T Higgins is not taking no goddamn home team discount. Would I would, I would hope, I would hope he wants To be a one somewhere. Let's not play that game. So I, I'm understanding what numbers can they can, can Joe configure where they can fit, they can fit in and, and paying both Chase and in in in t Higgins. I I don't, I don't know what that may be now from a bi Yeah, I don't either.


As, as a business standpoint, I love the idea, but I actually don't because in the grand scheme of things, there's no way you can pay t Higgins and Jamar Chase at the same time. Especially based on Jamar Chase's true value in what he deserves. And you gonna need to save some of that money for Hendrickson. You need to bring him back. Hey, he's the best defensive player. Ocho Yeah. I, and you see how he showed up tonight? Oh yeah. When they needed, when they needed pressure and they needed Sack. Oh, they got it. They got it. They got it. Listen, I, I love, I love Joe, I love what George talking about, but it impossible. It's, it's impossible. It's, Yeah. I just don't know how you put $70 million into receivers or you, I just don't see how you do it. You Can't, you can't. I Don't, I don't. Listen, I'm, I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna be the first one to tell you T Hagan deserves, he de he deserves, you know, and he's not gonna be able to get what he deserves with in Cincinnati.


As much as I love him and as much as I would love for him to stay, but this is the business I need. I need people that are fans of the game to be able to separate being a fan in the business side of things so t can get what he deserves. Kirk Cousins status, as the Falcon starting quarterback has been questioned over the last month. He's thrown eight in interceptions, no touchdowns over the teams four games over the four game losing streak. That man, however, the Falcons, Raheem Morris is choosing to stick with cousins. Once again. He said today cousins will start next Monday night against the Las Vegas Raiders. I've said this Ocho they still have a chance to win the division. Right. Once we're mathematically eliminated, I'll go to Pennix Jr.


Right. But until then, Right? I mean, no, we, we kinda said the same thing. I I we, we said the same thing. I I said the same thing. I think it was last night we talked about it, you know, and in short, listen, if there's, if there's a game where Kirk Cousins can rebound and, and build some of somewhat of a, a little bit of confidence in getting that rhythm and chemistry back and rapport with the receiver, with his receiving cord, with his running backs and kind of get things going and get his confidence back, it'll probably be yeah, the Raiders, as long as he can stay off the goddamn floor Withm, Crombie, you know, breathing down his neck. But Well, as long, as, long as he don't be be the ba the Raider's best player.


Yeah, That's a good one. I like that. I like that. 'cause that's the problem Because turning the Ball over, turn the ball over, you would be the Raider's best player. But yes, listen, but this is the game, you know, defensively where he can, he can get off, he can get off a little bit. So we'll, we'll, we'll see what happens. And if they lose again, if they happen to lose to the Raiders, you know, I think a change will be made at, at any point that there are limited, it all Depends if, it all depends on if Tampa loses also. Right. Because right now, because remember Ocho, they beat Tampa head to head in Tampa. Oh. Now Tampa's, if I'm not mistaken. Hey, That Thursday night game, you talk about that Tampa, the Atlanta Falcon Thursday night game. Yeah. That was the best Thursday nights ex. Yeah. Outside of the research.


It was, it was, well it was in Tampa. It was in Atlanta, right. I I, I believe so. I'm talking about that one. It was awesome. I'm talking about back and forth. Yes. Both. Both. Yes. I never, I never forget that game. And so we've already got the, the Falcon saying we already got the head to head, so we beat you again and we got the same record. We win the division 'cause we swept you in the division. Exactly. So I understand Raheem Morris, why he's not doing that. The Ravens insist that they're focused on making a playoff run, not recent discipline of a teammate. The Ravens suspended Deontay Johnson for one game after E Jim Eric DeCosta said the veteran wide receiver refused to enter the game. Damn Ocho players really do that. Anyway, let's finish up. Yeah. December 1st, game against the Eagles on Monday coming off the by Johnson's fellow wide receiver said they didn't have any issue with it.


It ain't a distraction. Za Flowers said, that's not my decision to make. He's still one of my guys. He's still one of our guys. Johnson who's not practicing with the team during the suspension will miss Sunday's game at the Giants Ocho, do you believe this isn't a distraction? No, it's not a distraction. Especially as a player, as a, as a player. You understand certain players have to make business decisions that they feel is best for themselves, whatever it may be, even though it's football related. But we as players, I, I don't know how you felt, UNC we as players don't allow anything else to bother us, except what we control. Yeah. That's it. Hell, I ain't get suspended, ain't my money. Yeah. It, it, it's, you know, and normally as in most times on the other side of the fence, now being on the media side of things, we consider things being a distraction that are going on in the locker room when it's based off one individual having an issue.


But it's no damn distraction because we as players have a job to do. We have a name on the back of our jersey, and the job that we do as a team comes from an individual standpoint. Once we touch that field, we ain't worried about nothing else being no goddamn distractions. When that whistle blows, you think I'm worried about why Deontay Johnson ain't here. No eyes against. Now that was Za Flowers. It would be a distraction if that was Derrick Henry, it'd be a distraction. Yeah. Yeah. That's a distraction. That's the fifth wide receiver not going into the game because he don't feel like he getting his, he he getting his number called. Right. Ain't no damn distraction. Nah. Oh, I just thought it was a situation where hell, he wasn't in the game because he wasn't in the game playing hell, he wasn't doing like he was doing something in practice or doing something in the game when he was in there.


So that's how I look at it. I agree with you. I'm not looking at a guy or fourth or fifth wide receiver as being a distraction. Right. Za Flowers, Mark Andrews, Mike Lee, Derek Henry V Yeah, something like that there now. Marlon Humphrey. Yeah. Now I'm like, whoa, whoa, what's going, what's really going on? That's a problem. Yeah, that's a distraction.


This is not a distraction. This is it. Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars plus Festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the holidays.


Paramount Plus is your home for the wait for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway with the brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champ League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Kart and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, a whip Around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match live on Paramount Plus the home of the UA for Chambers League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line at Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone Who's gonna hold your attention on stage, you, it's kind of be a freak. And starring Timothy Shamima as Bob Dylan. Are you a Freak? Hope so. Once upon a time, you Inspired by the true story. I wanna know which side he's on this Christmas. They just want me saying, I'm blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How does It feel? He defied everyone, turn it Down. Play live To change everything is our Elvis with no direction.


Timothy Chalamet, Edward Norton, El Fanny, Monica Baro. Make Some noise. Bd Track some mud on the carpet. Complete A complete unknown. Only theater's Christmas Day. Rudy, under 1790, middle without parent.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth here. The talk around GLP ones is inescapable these days. But are you familiar with future health? They've made accessing qualified doctors who specialize in GLP ones easier than ever before. My friend has struggled with their weight for many years. It was always up and down. She tried fad diets, never saw lasting results. So she started using GLP ones and not only did the weight come off, but she also gained more energy to do all those activities that she loved the most. I'm all about feeling my best and living my life in a healthy way. It's incredible how science is able to help us achieve that healthy lifestyle that we are all striving for. Future health gives millions of people affordable access to knowledgeable providers who really know weight loss medications for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in three minutes@tryfh.com. That's try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Newly signed met Juan Soto. Reportedly had an unfortunate experience early in his tenure with the New York Yankees. John Hyman of the New York Post reported Soto had negative feelings about an instance in April or May where the Yankee security guy removed one of his parents from the area of the Yankee Stadium. The same security guy reportedly also removed Soto's driver and chef later in the year, forcing them to stand outside in the rain. Whoa. Came and asked Soto about the issue after the Yankees walked to the Dodge of the five. Soto is a family guy and he was not happy at the time. Hmm. Understandable Man. Y'all messing around across DP with his job. Un understandable now. And what's funny, because of his decision, this might have went into him decision making on going.


Yeah, for sure Max right down the goddamn street. And what's gonna happen now is the Yankees are gonna go back, they're gonna do their homework. Find out who this was that removed his family, the chef, the driver, whoever may have been the family member and had them standing in the rain. And boy, you gonna have to answer to somebody. You gonna have to maybe The unemploy, the unemployment officer. Yeah. You gonna have to answer the unemployment office. You Gonna have to answer to somebody. You know, I understand. It's, it's one thing to do your job, but don't abuse your power doing your job. But here's the thing, there's one thing to do your job, but understand who you're doing your job with. Yeah. And four. Yeah, because you gotta understand that's Juan Soto. Aaron Judge, you ain't doing that. Juan Soto, you not doing that.


There's certain thing when Jeter was in there. Aron, come on now. Oh No, you not doing that. You, you, I mean, I mean There's certain things I I get it. I get, I understand security, but John and myself and TD Really? Yeah. Yeah. Dang. Really? Yeah. Now that was gonna be a major problem. Yeah. And I'm sure that, that, that came down to a decision making. You know, because you look At, because they, it doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me either. Ocho, he got an ideal situation. He got a short right field porch. He's a left-handed batter. He has a very discerning eye. Yeah. You know, he's not a thriller, but 2 85 is a nice average.


I mean now, hey, it used to be guy, it used to be guys 300. Now guys wanna blast the ball over the fence. But he has a very discerning guy. Yeah. He's, he's, you're not gonna strike him out. He's not gonna swing at bad pitches. He gonna make you get him out. He's not gonna help you. He's a very, he's a very good player. Young player. Ocho, he turned down three years ago, 15 years, 4 53 years later, he got an extra three 15. Yeah. He, he knew better. He under, he understood. That's what you call not only trusting in yourself, that's called betting on yourself. Yeah. Understand. And that's what, and understand there was gonna be no decline in your game. And in three years time, you knew where you would be at because of the consistency and the work that you put in.


That's called bet on Yourself thing. You were baseball, the baseball union, ocho. Yeah. They don't let you give deals because they want to keep driving the salaries up. And they know if you give somebody a deal, now that pauses that. That's why guys will like, man, why'd he leave the ideal situation? Because they want to drive the salaries up. Damn. Ideal situation. Right. We want these salaries to continuously go up. Right. And the only way we do that is that if you go somewhere, even if's not ideal for you, it's ideal for the betterment of the, is the betterment of the system. System. Right. So that's why O left, that's now Mike trial was the only one that stayed and took the money. Look at pool holes.


Look at the guys. Hey, look at those guys. They're like, no bro. Must be the money. Now I get Aaron Judge because you know, he's a hometown kid. Yeah. He grew up in the Yankees organization and they gave him something. You are a Yankees captain. Mm. That means something a Lot. Especially that means means something. Especially when you got them pin stripes on now. Yes, yes, yes. So I'm happy for Juan Soto. I would've loved for him to stay. Obviously I root for the Yankees, but I understand it. If that was one of the reasons that he left, I can't say I'm blaming Mm man. You treat my family like that. Got people standing in the range that I, that I love. And I man, please, I'm surprised we didn't hear more about this. 'cause he probably, probably would've raised some, he probably should have raised some hell then.


Yeah. But hey, he bothered it up. Yeah. There gonna come a time because he left for the, he left the Yankees What for extra $5 million ocho. I asked and I asked the question this morning, what can't you buy with seven 60 that you can at 7 65? Well, you got, you getting that kind of money on your what? Nothing. Nothing. Nothing at all. That's, that's what, that's what we call, you know what I, I wonder what would be the term for that kind of salary? Because sometime you think about it, some, the top NBA players, they get, they get fuck you money. Yeah. What, what you think this is. It's called Fuck you money. So I'm like, what do you call this? Okay. Just thinking somebody, just thinking somebody gave you ocho they say OCHO for the next fi for the next 15 years, we gonna give you 10 million a year.


15. Right. He getting 51. So that's not fuck you money. We, we need a, we need another term or analogy for this because this is, this surpasses that of NBA players. You ain't no you. That's everyone. That's f everyone money. Now it's time for our very special segment and it's led by ocho. This is Soccercap. Hey Y'all my good people.


Y'all listening? Can we hear me? Yeah. They waiting on You. Mic check. Mic check, mic check. The UA for Champions League is heating up baby as match. Day six kicks off on Tuesday and Wednesday this week listen to me highlighting a slate of incredible matchup is Bara Doman versus Barcelona on Wednesday exclusively on Paramount Plus, these two massive clubs currently have the same amount of points sitting on 12 points each near the top of the league table. Other amazing matches include Unbeaten at the Atlanta versus Royal Madrid.


While Arsenal hosts Monaco and NTUs face Manchester City as teens battle for position and critical points in order to qualify for the knockout rounds. Don't miss a moment of the action. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports to sign up for Paramount Plus. Right now do me a favor, and I meant right now matchup preview Doman and Barcelona, head to head four matches Doman zero wins Barcelona, two wins and two draws. Champions League runner up. Last year season Doman are flying once again in Europe with 12 points from a possible 15 in the revamp league phase.


That's the same tally as Barcelona. And one that's bettered only by anti Milan 13 and Liverpool 15 ahead of the final round of fixtures of the calendar year Dormant is searching for his first win against Barcelona Amid having their best start to a Champions League campaign since 20 16, 20 17. But this past weekend, Doman had an injury since Nicola Shula and Maximilian br are in danger of joining their teammates. Walter Addon, Julian Brandt and Kareem, oh, I don't know how to say his last name on the sidelines. Doman should be providing an update this Tuesday on a press conference if they're able to play or not in this game. Who am I going with?


Listen, look at Barcelona. They've had doorman's number in their head-to-head matches. So if I was the Bettman, and if you're a Bettman at home, I take Barcelona to win this game. You got Barcelona? Yeah, I got Barcelona. I got Barcelona. That's it. Absolutely. Unc That is it for soccer. Kizza. That is, that concludes Soccercap Soccer. Kizza O Joe Jilil White is catching heat online after saying he feels Family Matters is left out of legacy. Black entertainment and Family Matters always ranking last on the polls of favorite black shows underneath Martin and Living Single.


If it's not a Hood story, it's not a black story. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. I don't, I don't understand what these mean. Listen, Family Matters is, is, is is is a a legacy when it comes to sitcoms back in the days. Yes. Family Matters. Martin is is all under the same umbrella. Well, I mean, I'm not sure what you're talking about. A different world. I mean need, need, need. I keep going living single. I mean, I mean it, it just is. And what he can't worry about is when publications or media outlets talk about Let's talk the culture, the culture in general and how that show resonates with all of us When it comes to fam, the Cosby Show Family, all that is under the same.


Huh? That Wasn't none. And the Cosby definitely wasn't No damn hood. Oh, AB Man. Listen. Absolutely not. So I'm, he's mistaken. I'm not sure where he's getting his information from. But listen, it, it resonates with all of us. It is, it was Okay, but bro, and it is. Okay. Listen. It's okay bro. You got, I think, I think the show was on seven years. Six, seven years. Right? Bro, you had a nice run. Very good run. You can't concern running. You can't concern yourself about how the culture feels about certain shows. It's okay. It's okay. That doesn't make any, that don't make any less. You were phenomenal in the role that you played. Urkel is one of the, the roles that we'll remember forever.


Yep. But I don't think many people think Family Matters was as good a show as Martin as good a show as living single as Good a show as a different world as good a show as some of the others. It's just not. And it's okay. They're all, they're they're all special in their own right. They all get you something different. They all something different. You know, you know, Family Matters was the family dynamic. Yes. Family Dynamic Bill. I mean, the Cosby Show was the family dynamic. Yes. You wanted, if you wanted to watch something else, then you watch a different type of show that didn't give you that family dynamic. Yes. But it was, it was fun. Family Matters was great, man from top to goddamn bottom, man.


Life lessons, you know, all all types of stuff. They gave us a along with laughter, But it's okay. But look, I I I, I like, I disagree. I don't think, because it wasn't a Hood story isn't why it's ranked underneath Living Single in some of those other shows. I just think those other shows were better. Mm. That's just me. Right. Right Now there are some people that say, Hey, I like Family Matters and that's fine too. Yeah. But Martin was appointment viewer Living single was appointment viewing. It. It just, it just was right there. Ain't nothing wrong with that. I mean, Martin people will still watch reruns of Martin to this day still. They be showing Them clip and you'll still laugh as if the first time seeing it.


Yeah. The first time seeing it. Which, which is weird. And Martin Martin show the Jamie Fox show. It just happened to be one of them ones. They were special in their own Right. But that doesn't take anything away from what Family Matters. It doesn't what? To some people It it is all preface what you like. That was, it was A, Hey, I, I still love Shana. What? You wanted to fight Pam In the and in the hallway. In the hallway. Yeah. I mean, and and little dude. Roscoe. Roscoe. Yeah. Honey Nose man. Listen man. Hey Martin. Martin was great. Boy Mar was great. Yeah. Ah, legendary singer and songwriter Mickey Howard Shey striking memory from the height of her career after winning a Soul Train music award.


She's a devoted fan of Anita Baker. Saw her idol backstage expecting congratulations. She was instead met with sharp critic. A sharp comment as Anita whispered, put that award on your mantle because it's the last word you're going to get. Ooh. The remarks stung. Mickey leaving her with mixed emotion reflected on that moment. Mickey Howard explained how serious and competitive arts arched were in that era, particularly those who achieve legendary status. She noted that performers like Anita Bakers, Chaka Khan were intensely focused on their craft with a passion that extended to even casual interactions like shockers unwillingness to lose a lose at a game of cards.


But them legends, dead boy, Chaka Khan, Anita Bagel, Aretha flanking Aretha Franklin is So this diva Ain't just, this diva is ain't just started. 'cause they wanna make it seem like it just started with Whitney and Mariah and Beyonce. Oh no. So we talking about, we talking about before they were even born Laidback, but them divas didn't just start. That was Divas way be the, the Patti label Bes of the world. Man, stop playing. What you, what you talking about Man, hold Up. Didn't hold on. Didn't the, didn't Anita Banker kick Babyface off her tour? Is that I know Chad, help me for Hey Chad, Chad, am I right? Hey, I think, I think her and Babyface had a tour and I think Babyface was getting a little bit more attention or praise or something.


And I think she kicked him off the tour. Hey, now I could be wrong if I'm speaking outta place, guys, forgive me. But I think I read something about that And Anita Baker been going that it was somebody, I can't remember exactly who it is. Anita Baker and somebody I, I I, I can't remember another artist from, from back then. They just been taking, they've been taking pop shots at each other on Twitter. Y'all hold up, y'all remember when they had, hold on. They had these women singing, I think it was Mariah, I think it was Aretha. They had Christina Agro. They had 'em all out there Choke. Yeah. And they, Hey, you not finna out do me, I god ari say y'all dope. Yeah. Y'all better stop playing with the queen now. Every time one would go Yeah.


Another will go higher and another will go higher and another will go higher. Stop playing. Now we can do this all now how y'all wanna do it. Yeah. So, but everything is competitive Ocho. Yeah. Oh, and listen. And anything that you do, especially you wanna be, when you wanna be great, when you wanna be great at whatever it is that you doing, you know, when it comes to music, hell, it could be the corporate world. If you're trying to climb that goddamn damn ladder, sports, football, basketball, I mean that, that's just what it is. You know, anything else that you're doing in life where you're not trying to be the best and the greatest at it, you just wasting your time.


Unless you're just doing a court check. Nah, they ain't, nah, nah. Them women, they want to be, I mean, Chaka great and, and, and Patti LaBelle great. And Aretha Legend. I mean, you know when you talk Yeah. Stephanie Mill. Hey, Hey boy. Hey that woman she about by, by this tall? Yeah. Oh. She, she got a set of lungs on her. Hey, She can blow the line. Hey, go back. That stuff that she did with a, a teddy pentegra Grass. Yeah. Boy, y'all better stop playing little Stephanie. Hey Boy, Steph. No, boy. Hey, sometime I come across them old like I pull up. You see them old women sing the, I say old women, but old clips of those women singing.


Right. Hey, you, They just don't make 'em like that like they used to. I wish, I wish, I wish I was able to see Tina Marie live. Oh, I'm old enough to remember Tina Marie in an absolute prime. Hey boy, UNC man, if I could have go Back and listen to Fire and Desire what you I, Unc I got all that now. You know, we, we, we come from the same era of music. You know, I remember, I remember when Kin Ri was at an absolute apex. Un Rick. Hey Woo. Right. I did not know talking about until I was much Oh, I was grown before I found out she was white. Yeah. Oh. Because when you hear the voice, we hear the voice. You would never know.


Ain't nothing white unless You see her. You would never know. Ain't nothing white. Ain't nothing white about that. Oh, nothing. And she's smart. I don't know what it is about the smallest women got the biggest ass voices. Christina Aguilar, she's Another small Christina Aguilar, another one. Ariana Grande. Ariana Grande, yay. Tall. But voice. Tina Marie, Stephanie Mill. Yeah. Melbourne. Melbourne. Were you finna say Melbourne Moore? Yes. Didn't about, don't you know Mel Moore? Man, because she follow, she follow me on social media. She always hit me up. Hey Melvin, how you doing? You Know about Melba Moore? Wait, come on now. Yeah, Please. Yeah. All about absolute legends, legends, icons in the game, man.


Don't you. Lemme show what I got today. What you got Today? What you got, Man? You know me. Let Me see, let me see. Let me see. Let me see. Lemme take the top Off. That look like cake. That's pound cake, lemon Crush cake. What kind of cake? Cake. It's a bunt cake. Huh? It's a bunt cake. A buck A who? Bunt. Oh B-U-N-T-B-U-N-D-T. Damn. Oh bunt. Okay, okay, okay. I ain't never heard of that unc, but that look good. That boy, It's a pecan bourbon. Okay. Oh, so it got alcohol in it. Huh? Who made that?


Okay. Hey, Hey, you gave me the cookbook and everything. Hey, hey. I hit up on, I hit, I DMed her. Man, you know me. I like something. I DM people. Well, hell Hold on hold. You can't say nothing, But you can't do that. But block me. Hold on. Lemme get her name right. Ocho. Damn, She hold on. No, she said she know she stopped cooking today. Her name is Lakeisha Dixon Jones. Her bakery is called Savory and Sweet Treats. You got a TL Look at that. Yeah, I got a cookbook. I can't cook nothing but rice, but hey, and I got a peach cobble bun cake.


I got another lady prepared me one also. So I told her I was gonna give her a shout out on the show tonight. Y'all want some of that, don't you? Joy? You want a pee? Hey, See if you can make, Hey, hey. See if she got, if, if she's watching tonight. How you doing ma'am? Oh, she Watching. Oh, she watching. How you doing? Yeah, I'm, I'm old show. I'm, I'm down in Miami. If at any time you have any free time, like I'm, I'm pretty simple. I I normally go to Publix and Go to, she got a, she got a site go to add savory and Sweet Treats. Yeah. And you can see the different type of pound cakes that she make Bunk. Excuse me, I Okay. Pound bunk cakes, but they pound cakes, pound cake, bunk cake. The only difference is one got a hole in and the other is, is Right. Move across the top.


Right. That's the, that's the only difference between a bunt cake and a pound cake. But it is, it is, it is pound bunt cake. Right. But a, it's unbelievable. Hold on. I'm sure I'm trying to shoot my shot on getting me a cake. Huh? I'll get you, I I mean I, I'll send her a text and have her to get it to you. I'll get your address and she Okay. Okay. I just wanna let her know if she watch you right now. I like yellow cake with chocolate icing. Yeah. Yellow, yellow cake with chocolate icing. Thank you. And I, I appreciate it. And you know, I used to have, somebody used to make cake for me, but you know, they, they done, they done, they, you know, you know Unfortunate some No, we don't know. We don't get involved. Yeah. Savory and Sweet Streets.


A TL. That's the name of her. That's the name of her IG handle. Oh. Oh, she, oh, she in Atlanta? Yeah. Oh. She right down the street from me. Yeah. Well, hey, we gotta, man, we gotta cook up something man. And we gotta cook up, up something. We, you know, No, we ain't cooking or nothing. Probably cre. Oh. And, and I got another one. Yeah. She gonna send me a cake. No, don't be don't don't, don't be greedy. Don't be greedy. Oh. I'm gonna be greedy. Don't, don't be greedy. Huh? What that what that is? What? Oh. Huh? It's so fans and so Fana and Sharper.


So Fanna and Sharper. So Sharper. Okay Mama. So fan of Buttercream Dreams. Oh, she got a, a, a, a sweet potato pie. Okay. Ah, Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I like that glazed, Like that vanilla nut bread. So I gotta get that. Yeah, I gotta get that. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. You gonna sit it? Yeah, I tell you what to do, Ocho. This is what I'm gonna do for you. What's up? If you keep the light outta my eye, I keep the taste out your mouth. Just do that for me right there. Don't let, don't let no light get my eye right. I'm gonna keep the taste out your mouth. That's a Good one. Now that's a good one. You know, it, it take it take a it take a team to do that. Now we gotta be like Dukes of Hazard.


Huh? You hear me? We gotta be like, hey, we gotta be like Smokey in the Bandit. You hear me? What you know about Smokey the Bandit On? Don't do me like that. Come on on. Don't do me, don't do me like that. Don't do me like that. Hey, matter of fact, you Were barely born when Smokey the Bandit came out with Bur Riddle. I was on set, I was on set when they were filming. I remember that. I remember that With Boy Luke Duke. Yeah. Man, boy. Old Daisy. Yeah, those cousin Daisy came up. Them Daisy Duke Long. Hey, hey. Daisy was nice, wasn't she? Boy, Daisy Duke weigh all of 92 pounds. But back then, back then she was, she was, Hey, she was, she would've, she what? She would've the the, the only thing smoking, huh? Yeah, babe, boy, she came out there with them rim shorts on.


Boy, Good night. I read Telling, looking like a toothpick. Hey, hey, look like a upside down drumstick. That's all it was. Yeah. Nah. Hey, matter of fact, I got some, Hey, I got, I wanna send a shout out, man. There's some people out there, man out there. Out out there in Brent, Alabama. You know, they watching all, all them boys watching that bib correctional facility. Appreciate y'all boys tuning in with us, man. You know, and locking in with us each night when y'all have the opportunity. And that, that's pretty much it, man. Y'all, y'all hold your head. All love on this end. Appreciate that man. Appreciate the support.


Bell County Correctional Institute. Hell, I'm down to Bell County. That sound like Macon. But you says so part of Alabama, this is it your moment.


This is your time To make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the holidays.


Paramount Plus is your home for the wait for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway with the brand new format and things are heating up. This year, champ League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match live on Paramount Plus the home of the UA for Champions League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line at Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone's Gonna hold your attention on stage. It can be a freak. And starring Timothy Shamima as Bob Dylan. Are you A freak? Hope So. Upon Inspired by the true story, I want to know which side he's on this Christmas. They just want me singing. Blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How Does it feel? He defied everyone. Turn It down To change everything.


He's our Elvis, No direction. Timothy Shali, Edward Norton, L Fanny, Monica Barro. Make some noise. BD track some mud on carpet. A complete unknown only in theater's Christmas Day, Rudy D under 1790, middle without parent.


Can you believe all this? Talk about GLP ones? Of course you can. It's all people talk about. Have you heard about Future Health? Though? They make access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever. People can struggle with weight loss for years, trying various diets and exercises without lasting success with GLP ones, many people notice a reduction in cravings and felt more in control of their eating habits, which lead to weight loss, physical health, and feeling more optimistic about their future. Feeling good is most important. And no matter what you do to be healthy or to get in good shape, now science can be utilized. Everyone wins. They give millions of people affordable access to knowledgeable providers who really know weight loss medications for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Alright, o Time for our last segment of the evening is time for q and a Q and A. Ask me anything you want. I should. I used to be a rapper. Used to be a rapper or non finna trap or I lost 92 bricks in in Yappa. Rodney Ford said football Ocho, you were just crying. You sound like a Cowboys fan. Celebrating a c plus. Caesar. Hey, hey. Hold on. Hold on homeboy. Hold on homeboy. One thing you don't do is you don't disrespect me or my bangles because if you do that, you ain't gonna be able to say foot or bald, say something slick by my bango again. You gonna be having a liquid diet. You know what that mean? Huh? Huh?


I'm gonna give you what Le Keith leafing to get. Huh? Keep it cute. Keep it cute in that playboy. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm on that. Whatever you want. I'm on that. What you, what you trying to Do? So fan sharper. Oh man. Y'all go to Savannah Sharper IG page and look at this sweet potato pecan pound cakes. Ooh, sweet potato. Who? Pecan. Hey, sweet potato pecan cake. Oh, they put pecans in there. Yep. They got sweet potato pecan pound cakes. Hey, hey boy, that's that sound like a delic. And She got that. She got that buttercream on the top of it. That buttercream. Hey that, hey, that sound like a delicacy to me. De matter fact, I can give me some of that, right?


And sip me some tea and hold my pinky up like this. You know? So I got so I can feel classy. You Gonna be eating it by yourself. You ain't got nobody to share it with you like Me. Hey, hey, you ain't even had to take no shot. Like that was a low blow. That was a low blow. Especially at a time like this. When I'm going through a difficult, Hey, Guess what? I guess you'll be eating cake with me. You be At my house eating cake and we'll be talking together. Hey, because Misery loves company. Yeah. It is all, it's all good. It's all I'm, Hey, I'm a be all right because I'm going to therapy. That what I'm talking, that what I'm talking about.


That's, that's the thing. Or been there. Yeah, been there. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Brandon Martinez Fingers should make a movie with all that acting now. Yeah. Now, I mean, look, that was a Look, you gotta get a win. I mean, you gotta start somewhere. You, they knew if the Bengals lose this game, this season was over. Oh yeah. I mean, they ain't even but a 2% chance, at least they got a milk chance right now, which is 2%. They lose this game. It's over. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it was a JR 55. Go ahead. No, I was, I was just saying it was, it was a good, all, all jokes. Society was a good game for us. And the, and, and the timing of the team. We were playing, you know, obviously with them being in the down year as well, it was big for us.


And hell, we almost lost it. We almost lost this one too. We almost lost this one, but, well, Luck was gonna that and your defense, your defense held the 20. Yeah. Yeah. Defense held the 20 Jr. 55, 43. Jerry Jones and McCarthy need to bring back the hometown buffet. Everybody, excuse me, everyone come get in. All they could eat and leave. Seems like it. There, there is no home field advantage for the Cowboys. They don't have a home field advantage like Arrowhead. They don't have a home field advantage like Lambo. They don't have a home field advantage, like my tradition. Because sometimes you can have a stadium that the ambiance that people come and they look at the stadium and they, they ain't cheering and they ain't, you know, bull.


Like, it's kinda like, you know what, it's like Ocho going to the, the sphere. If you get an opportunity to go to the sphere. Oh yeah. It's not the act. 'cause I'm watching, I'm watching the MMA fight, man. I'm looking at all the stuff That's going on, right? I'm like, Hey, the, the, I said, look At that. Look at them birds. Yeah, look at this right here. Look At that's one, that's one of those places where there's aesthetics trumps whatever's going on on the inside. No question about it. Yeah, no question about, I don't care. I mean, look, I, I, I think the Eagles are getting ready to perform there. I think they're gonna be, be there for like two weeks, two or three weeks. Man, like I said, I went and I watched, I'm watching the UFC fight. Well, I was supposed to be watching the UFC fight, but I'm just looking at all, all the stuff that's going around. Yeah, because it's, it's amazing.


Yeah, It is. It Is amazing. It's, but, but the, it's, you have to go see it. Yeah. The, for those, those in the chat that haven't been to the spear, the amount of money that they put into it get just that, that's the experience you get. Sometimes you hear things that cost a lot of money and you see it in person. It's like, what? They paid all that for this, but it's every bit of what you expect based on what they had to pay for. And it is unbelievable. It's unbelievable on the outside. And it's even better on the inside. You gotta experience it As Zeke. Zach Raco. What up? Unc Ocho. Diehard delusional Cowboy fan. Here. Y'all got lucky.


We messed up that block punt and didn't have Dak. We'll be back in better next year for our Super Bowl run. See, he told you what he was, he said, I'm a delusional Cowboy fan. Yeah. I I like that. I like that. It's, it's all about being self-aware. Self-awareness is, is very important. And anything had to be do. Right. Nightlife, transportation good. Wearing tonight, Chad, if y'all would've lost Cooper Rush would've roasted you. Yo, you know what? Yeah, yeah, yeah. All night long. Absolutely. Oh, Actually, actually, if we had lost a night, I wouldn't even been on the show 'cause I wasn't showing up. Oh, yeah. You showing up. Come get any jokes. Apache Hall said, oh, Joe, I recently watched Monday Night Football game between the Bengals and the Steelers.


The turnover was your teammate. And I was curious why, why you were so frustrated with the game between the Steelers ending winning 21, 27, 21 Stealer Nation. I, I don't know. I'm, I I don't, I'm not sure the game you're referencing. I I, I can't remember if we lost. I'm always frustrated. He said, well, te he said, oh, I was recently watching a Monday night game between the Bangals and the Steelers when to was your teammate. And I was curious why you were so frustrated with that or that game between My Steelers ended up winning 27 21. Oh, Hey Unc. That's the game. Remember I told you what? Carson cussed me out. That Was it. That's the game. I I was hot.


I was hot. Yeah. That damn game I was talking about. And Carson was like, if you ever motherfucking show me up like that again, I never throw your ass the ball. I was like, oh shit. Okay. If a dog got, he, he got, he got, he got a little, he got a little that dog in him that was funny. Pat Dubb said Ocho with, how would you feel if t ended up with the Broncos? Because he ain't gonna be back with y'all next year. Right. We know he is not gonna be back, you know, from, because from a financial, you know, perspective and standpoint. But I would, I wouldn't mind, I wouldn't mind him going there. I wouldn't mind him going there. I wouldn't mind him going to, to New England, you know, new England had and Drake Mayow. I wouldn't mind him going to the Broncos as well because of the quarterback play over there now Bo Bo Nicks and Drake May and, and, and, and Wait, it was another team.


I said Yeah. Oh, Drake May, Drake May and Bo Nicks Drake, May and Patriots. Yeah. They ain't no goddamn, they ain't got no, they ain't got no goddamn Joe Burrow, but he gonna kick that ball. Both them boys could throw that ball. They, they're good throwers of the ball. So I wouldn't have this problem with that. But t deserves his money. I love what Joe Burrow said, but t there's nothing he can do contractually where t can get what he actually deserves. That he, that he can get from another team. He's not gonna be able to get it from Cincinnati. With Chase getting ready to break the break the way he is, it wasn't no goddamn mask on Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. What's up Doc? If Ocho played with Joe Burrow today, would he still be the number one option or would Chase take that spot?


Ocho? Yeah. How would you handle sharing the spotlight with Chase? Love y'all. I mean, listen, obviously if if I, if I was with Chase I'd, I'd probably take a back seat. I'd probably take a back seat because I, I'm, I know I'm gonna get mine anyway. I'm gonna get mine anyway. The same way when, when Teo came to Cincinnati, when Teo came to Cincinnati, I took a backseat because I understood this is greatness in front of me regardless of what I had done to point, I ain't, I ain't motherfucking stupid. I ain't delusional. We talking about one of the greatest in all goddamn time. Like I'm good in my own right. You know, I, I ain't, I am the greatest entertaining football player of all time Now when it comes to playing the game and having stats of that, of one of the best ever, you understand that, you know what that is and you, you put your motherfucker pride and I aside, boom t here go the motherfucking keys, do your thing.


I'm following behind you. So he was Batman, I was robbing. I don't have no problem with that. Now hypothetically speaking, if I had an opportunity to play with Chase, there were things that Chase does that I could never do. I ain't catching no goddamn slanting hitch route and going motherfucking 60 70 hitting me. Right. I good at doing one thing triple team me and let me show you I can steal good open. Let me show you, I can carve your motherfucking defense up on any motherfucking route. Let me show you. I can beat you deep, you know, all that, you know, catching the ball short and thinking I'm finna make two and three people missing me gone. Hell nah. Shit man, let we go. I'm, I'm gonna make a business decision. I'm going down. You ain't finna hit me.


Yeah man. So I self-aware, self-awareness A said love y'all show up. What do you think of Bo Nick so far? What players do you think Broncos need to become? Leg legit, legit, super contenders, ocho, PS two versus one will be a show unfortunately. Yeah. One getting clamped Child please child please What it need? I look, they need a corner. Another, I like McMillan. I like McMillan. I like the linebackers. Maybe another pass Russian d tackle some offensive, a offensive lineman.


I thought Avante would, would, would be better, but they kinda like McLaughlin but I think some offensive line show up to that offensive line to make sure Bo is protected tight end. Get a tight end a good one. I mean they got guys can You imagine, can you imagine if, if if they find a tight end in the, in the, in the draft. I'm not sure if there's one that is, that's as good as Brock Powers or even close. Oh Yeah. Ain't no tight end that good this year. Yeah, no hell nah. Brock Bows got a chance to be real. I'm talking about really special. I'm talking about he got a chance to, hey he got a chance. I mean he gets now he gonna take some lumps and bruises. He gonna take some lumps. He gonna have some damn a lot of Ls.


Yeah. Unless they get a quarterback in there. Yeah. Yeah. But he got a, he got, he got gold jacket potential. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. He got gold jacket potential. Isaiah, Lancaster GaN Ocho with the bills versus the Lions game determined if Josh locks up the MVP and can Buffalo bounce back? Yes. The lions keep losing players every single week on the defensive side of football. Yeah, I think the secondary can be had. Yeah. Yeah. I do think they secondary can be had. Yes. Offensively they're really good. Especially on that fast turf. Now you think the, you think the Rams, you better be on your best behavior because they're another team that could put 40 up on your ass in the blink of an eye.


Yeah, And I, I think, I think I, you know what I also think, I think the bills the, oh man, I think it's too much. It's too much firepower. It's too much firepower. Not only do you have to deal with Ahman Ross St. Brown and Jameson Williams thing, you have to deal with that goddamn two-headed muscle in that goddamn backfield and Montgomery and Jamir Gibbs, you know? Right. Boom. It's only, listen, Josh Allen can only put on that cape for so long. He can only put on that cape for so long and do what he needs to do offensively. But it's, it's the same thing what they just had to deal with with the goddamn rams. Yep. Same thing. You got Pook na cool going crazy. Well what you think goddamn Amar Rock gonna do? What you think Jameson Williamson gonna do? And they, they're two, they're two different types of animals and and is Being different.


One, one guy's gonna work the middle of the field gonna work the underneath stuff and Jameson Williams looking to take the top off it off. Yeah. You got Tim Patrick who's solid you got La Porta, you got the two-headed monster in the back field. That Field it is too much. And they got a way better offensive line than the Rams. Oh yeah, It is two, it's Yeah man. Yes, He must have deal with Stuff. They got Rag now they got glass now They got glass now. Nate, they got a a Yeah, they got, yeah, they got Decker. I think Decker is still injured. Oh, they loaded? Yeah. Big. They're really, really, really, really good Big time. So, But Josh can put on that cake. Yeah. He can single handedly win your game. Yeah, he's that good.


I can't wait to see that game. That game. What is that, that Thursday? What did they play? Markee Ga Gambino Gambini. What's up Uncle Ocho, do you think the NFL would ever have an N-F-C-A-F-C playoff? It could be a chance to see through NFC. No, that's why they split it up just like you got a Eastern and the Western Conference. Right, right. You got a and the NL right. Reason Why? No, I don't think so. I think they like the, they like, look, the game is competitive. The the conferences are competitive. Yeah. The the Pro Bowl was some trash and you see what they're trying to do with the NBA Allstar game. Right. Because ain't nobody wanna see no 200 points scored in no Allstar game.


They, They gotta, they got, oh, they gotta incentivize it a little bit more. How do you wanna incentivize it for goddamn multi-millionaires that make the kind of money NBA players make? Why? Gotta incentivize it, don't you? Because It's it's called, it's called an All-star game for a reason. And when you play an All-star game, it's the middle And you already making a hundred thousand And them boys chilling, man. Yes, boys chilling. That's the problem. Yeah. I mean look at and everybody Quick Dollar Jordan, Kobe, okay, well be Jordan and Kobe. The All Star game be Elijah one in the All Star game. Eddie do That. They play, they play for real. Boy. Do that y'all quick. I love their mentality. Oh y'all love their mentality when they play the re in the regular season When it's Convenient.


Y'all, y'all what about an All star game? Yeah. Yeah. Times have changed. It was The same, it was the same thing. The Pro Bowl used to be competitive. I'm not saying we approached it like we was playing a regular season game, but there was actually tackling, I knew and I said it and people got upset to me. I said, oh, the owners gonna be mad at this. Oh, they're not finna pay y'all this money to go over there and play two hand touch. Oh no. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You Nah nah, no. I said, I'm telling you they gonna change it. I said, y'all better pick it up. They gave y'all every opportunity and y'all didn't wanna hit nobody. Yeah. Football is still tackling no Joe. Yeah. I mean there, there ain't no way around it. Listen, when we go to the Pro Bowl, now listen, I play, I played it during that era. I played during that era. Now then the first three quarters, unc, now we bullshitting.


Yeah. Bullshit. But you still tackle it wasn't two touch though. You still we still tackle, but Ray, we get to that fourth quarter and Ray say, all right, now it's time. It, it's time to go. Man. We yes, we, we started playing for real 'cause we wanted to win that game. We need that check. Yes. Go cover This bill. And and they making 75 a hundred thousand ocho. It was 10,000 to the winners. 5,000 to the losers. Yeah. Now imagine you done brought guest over. It's because you come over there, you coming for the whole week. Yeah. It's the only way to pay it back. You gotta win that game. Yes. Only way. And you, and you and you left with a deficit.


Some people bought their whole family, they bought mom, dad, they bought in-laws. Mm. That's what happened to the, the, the Hall of Fame game. They changed the rules and had it in the stadium because they used to have it on the doorsteps. Jim Kelly brought a thousand guests. What? A thousand? Like serious a Thousand. I don't even know a thousand people. If you go through your phone, don't, Joe and you and, and everybody that's in your phone, right. And every and they family member. You couldn't name a thousand people. Now I definitely can't because I know how many contacts I have in my phone.


I only have 47 contacts in my phone. Yes. A thousand. I ain't even got to a hundred yet Saying, but Cupcake Mama said Shannon, what you know about Monk's Corner in Somerville, South Carolina? I used to be a deputy chef in that area. Well, I played with some guys in the NFL that was from my brother's in, in Columbia. So obviously Monks Corner down there in the Charleston, near the Charleston area. Somerville. Somerville had a, a very good football program. So I know a little something Cupcake Mama, little something.


Lamar Robinson, UNC Ocho. What is your opinion? Who's the goat of action? Movie stars. Love the show. Ooh, Action movie. That's a good one, man. It's, it's so Cool. Harrison Ford, Tom Cruise, Liam Nielsen. Nah, he ain't got, he ain't got no resume. He ain't got a lot like them because you, Hey man, you remember Raiders of the Lost Ark? What you know about Indiana Jones? Indiana Jones. Oh, that's the, that's the original, Original Mission Impossible. Top Gun Crew. Top Calm Cruise Action. Who else you like Jackie Chan. Okay, What about, what about the other, the other Asian guy who does the karate?


Lee? Oh, G Lee. G Lee. Action movies. Man, that's a good one. That Ocho man, Come on. Which one? Action Stars. It's so many and matter of fact, the fact that they mention it right now and I, and, and it can't, yeah, because I, I'm not thinking about it. Those the two first came. Harrison Ford and Tom Cruise came right away. Oh, what about Arnold Schwarzenegger   Oh, Terminator. Mr. Stallone. Terminator Predator. Sylvester Stallone. Yeah. Oh yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. Trying to think of other action movies. Who y'all like Kat? Damn. That's, that's a good question.


Yeah, Man, that's a good question.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for Everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the Holidays.


Paramount Plus is your home for the wait for Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up. This year's Champion League is giving us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game match. Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barer and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th. Can't decide what match to watch. Paramount Plus also has you covered with the GSO Show, a whip around show with all goals from every match stream. Every match live on Paramount Plus the home of the UA for Champions League. And you can try it free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line at Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone Who's gonna hold your attention on stage, you have to kind of be a freak And starring Timothy Chalamet as Bob Dylan. Are You a freak? Hope So. Once upon a time, you just so Inspired by the true story. I wanna know Which side he's on Then You this Christmas. They Just want me sing. I'm blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How does It feel? He defied everyone. Turn It down. They laughed to be on You To change everything.


He's our Elvis, No direction. Timothy Shaima. Edward Norton, L Fanny, Monica Baro. Make some noise. BD track some mud on a carpet. Complete unknown. A complete unknown. Only theater's Christmas Day NAR under 1790. Middle without parent.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth here. The talk around GLP ones is inescapable these days, but are you familiar with future Health? They have made accessing qualified doctors who specialize in GLP ones easier than ever before. My friend has struggled with their weight for many years. It was always up and down. She tried fad diets, never saw lasting results. So she started using GLP ones and not only did the weight come off, but she also gained more energy to do all those activities that she loved the most. I'm all about feeling my best and living my life in a healthy way. It's incredible how science is able to help us achieve that healthy lifestyle that we are all striving for. Future health gives millions of people affordable access to knowledgeable providers who really know weight loss medications for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in three minutes@tryfh.com. That's try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health,


Steven Garcia. What's up guys? I get a birthday. Shout out. 26 years young today, Shanna, I'm hell with a well. Question for you guys. What's on your Christmas wishlist? Happy birthday Steven. Thank you bro for support your birthday, Steve. Hopefully you did something really fun today. You know, you talking about you held you well. So hopefully you shook the covers full dark. Yeah, that what I'm hoping. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody's shaking. What's everybody shaking the covers man. Damn. Except you. It's all you Shade to cover making up your bed. You, Hey Listen, I'm on the spiritual journey right now. I'm okay. God got me too. God got you. You too. What? God, don't, don't worry about me. Hey, I'm with you Until, until you back doing what you do.


Right? I took a sabbatical off so we in this together. You my dog. That's what I'm talking about. You my dog man. Hey. Yeah. A thousand percent. Yeah. I'm we in this together. Yeah. Yeah. What's on, what's on your Christmas wishlist? Yo, Joe. Hey, Listen, honestly, I, my, my Christmas wishlist is the same, is the same as always. Anybody in the chat that wants to send me anything, I'm not sure if I'm gonna gain anything for the holidays under due to c unfortunate circumstances. But I want, I want white tees. You hear me Chad? I want white tees from Target or Walmart, Hanes 10 pack size medium.


Because when I wear, when I wear a medium, it made me look bigger than I, than than I normally am. Ain't nobody wearing a medium, 200 pounds. I'm just little throwing that out there. Anyway, let me finish. Lemme finish. They asked what I want for Christmas. White tees, Hanes, target of Walmart Tank tops, Hanes Medium again, because they make me look real big when I put it on. It make me look like I'm really rocked up. Medium, boom. Hanes underwear. I wear large, I wear large briefs. Briefs. Not the tidy whitey. I like the briefs that come down to right above the knee. And boom, if you wanna really, I like socks if you know Oh, if you go on Amazon, they call hue, hue, slouch socks.


I like those in white. So you can gimme some of those. They come, they come in a three pack or you can get a pack of 10. You get a nice little bundle on Amazon. I like those. I want some all white ones and I want some all black ones. So that's what I would want for Christmas. My I my stuff is easy. My, my stuff is easy. And that's what I want. So anybody in the chat, feel free. I gave you massages cube. I want an airman's tote. A what? Hermes. I'm talking about stuff from Walmart and Target. You talking about a Hermes tote? Yeah. I don't know what y'all, that that's you, that's what you wanted. Shit, I ain't say excuse. I ain't say I wanted that. Right. What Hermes, Hermes is like, like, like, like the orange bag.


You had like one of those. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But big one. Oh, I got a black, oh, hold on a tote. I, I got, I got a black one. Yeah. Hold on. Lemme get the, the one like Floyd Mayweather be getting. Oh, you know the one Floyd Mayweather? Yeah. Yeah. Hold On, hold on. I got got, I got the black one like that. I'm gonna show you. I'm gonna show you when, when I, when I get back home on Thur on Thursday show. I got the black one. You got, you got it. A big one like that? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I use it, I use it on the trip for, for New Year's when I go to The Bahamas. Yeah. I'm pretty show it to you right now. Ocho. Yeah. I'm gonna get it too. Wh which one you, what color? I just got the plain black with the, with the silver buckles.


Oh, the yellow Talking about No. Hell no. Oh yeah. That's, that's the one I gotta same one, huh? Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm gonna show, I'm gonna show you. Yeah, yeah. You get that. Get that, get that, get that, get that. That's gonna be a good one. Are you gonna use it though? Like Yeah, I what you call it? It's kind of good. I'm gonna have to sneak and get it. That's something I gotta, I gotta sneak and get it because you know, the financial people say I don't spend enough money this year, So, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I gotta, Hey, I gotta skimm a little something off the top. Right, Right, right, right, right, right. Well shoot, I, I seen you at 3000. I owe you so you can get It. Yeah, that'll help. And then I can just forge it and say, nah, what happened was he owed me a little extra, so he sent me 30.


Oh man, that's funny. That hawk. It's a hawk. It's called a hawk. Yeah. I'm gonna get it too. Ooh. Should I get, should I get brown or should I get Ooh Lord. And you listen, you can get more, wear, more wears outta black. Especially with something that cost that much. Now, you know, if you had Juan Soto type money, I say get brown or get other colors. But normally when you, If I had Juan Soto type money, I'm gonna get that one. Like Floyd Mayweather got him that Crop. The Himalayan? Yeah, with that, that, that conc crop One. Yeah, the Himalayan. Yeah. Man, That, that's different.


Boy, that's different. Yeah. I ain't got that kind of money though. So Shoot, we, I, I mean, listen, I can, I can, I can, I can loan you something to get you one now. I'm gonna need it back. Nah, no, I'm good. I I I'm good. I don't need it. Okay. Okay. Well actually, if you talk about things you don't need, you obviously you don't need that one either. The one you finna get for Christmas, Man, can I live Ocho I've been working hard. I, I listen, I've been, I've been, I've been, I've been letting you live. I've been letting you live for a long time. But there's some things that you need to just say. You need to be able to look at. Do I really need this bag? No, actually I don't.


There are other bags that look like that, that can give you the same feel as if it's a hermit. No it don't, Huh? No it don't. Yeah, dude, I can get you, I can get you that same tote bag like that from, to me, from, to me. You get it for $200, you know. Woo. What you I gotta save up for that. How much is it? It's only, it's only 13, ain't it? Oh, that crocodile one? No, That crocodile, that crocodile 365 ain't it? 365 Y. No, I ain't getting that. Oh, hell no. Nah, it's like six, like 45 50. Yeah. To me, Tomy ain't cheap either. That's cheap. Hey, yeah, two me ain't cheap. I got to me, To me is cheap, man.


Whatcha talking about You get your, get your little toe for $300. Oh yeah. This es is 50 ho crocodile 120. Oh, let me, that's 130. I lemme put that down. Put my phone down. Oh wait, How much was it? 130. Oh, that ain't nothing man's come on for, for you. Come on big money. Come on. No, bro. Oh no. Hold on. What? 130 you just told us? Not long ago. 340. 340,000 wasn't no money, remember? I, oh, Joe. See now you go you, I said that's not no money. If you trying to talk about it last you a lifetime.


Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. That's the money. Yeah. But okay. If I gave you three 40, could you live the rest of your life off of $340,000? Me, hell no. Yes. If I had, if I had to. Yes. I just live, I live, I just live way below my means. Like I ain't got shit. Hey, no Lady Ray lady, I'm surprised that you hold on. What? Oh, it's a Tuesday. So she ain't at the bar. Ain't no bars open on Tuesday night, but it's the weekend. Saturday. We not gonna hear from you, Laney or Thursday. Hey guys, since it's the middle of the holiday season, what's your favorite holiday tradition? Or if you don't have one, is there one you like to start? Tradition. I mean, it's the same.


I wouldn't even consider a tradition. It just, it's family time. It's the holidays, you know? Yeah. My favorite, my favorite Christmas music, man. Christmas music. It's something, something about that Na King Cole, you know, that Mariah Carey Jackson, five Christmas albums. Sam Smith, who I think might have been in 2014, he released a, a Christmas album, man. Just, oh, this Frank Sinatra has the Christmas album. I just love hearing that music, man. Having all the kids home from college, having everybody up under one roof. Yeah. That's what I miss. That's awesome. I mean, I miss, like, when we were growing up and everybody, all my cousins and, and my uncles and aunts would come over to my grandmother's house in the afternoon and, you know, I miss that.


Mm. I mean, we hadn't had that. I mean, I hadn't had to fend around my fa I can't, I'm trying to think the last time that all my family was together for like Christmas. It's probably been, I don't know Joe in a minute. Huh? It ain't been. Yeah. Oh yeah, because you know, when you play sports, you're not, you know, you're not really around. I mean, sometimes, you know, sometimes I get the kids and sometimes their mom had the kids. If I got 'em for Thanksgiving, then mom was getting 'em for Christmas. Right. If I got 'em for Christmas, then mom was getting 'em for Thanksgiving. So, but I'm saying like, all my family, I mean, you probably talking about 30, 40 years, don't you? Damn. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, early in my career, my mom, my mom would come for Christmas.


Like she, like, I'm going to see my baby for Christmas. She wouldn't go to my mom's. And you know, sometimes my sister, my sister came a couple of times, but after that they're like, you'll be grown ass. You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you big enough to be by yourself. Right. So, you know, and, and I understood. 'cause I, I'd rather them be with Granny than come out there and get on my nerves and talk about, have me running up and down the road getting stuff to eat. What you got, you ain't got nothing to eat, go get me this. Go get me that. Like, I was uber way before Uber. Right. I was DoorDash way before DoorDash because nobody but wanted the same thing. I gotta go stop by this place and go way across town and get that. Y'all ain't got no soul food. No, ain't none close by. So, hey, I would like, you know, that was my tradition, the, the family getting together.


And so That, that, that family dynamic every ever since I've tried my best to keep it going as far as family tradition is concerned, you know, having all the kids there. Ever since grandma passed away, ever since my mom passed away, it, it's just, it's Hard to keep those traditions together, man. Not The same, huh? It ain't, it's Not the same. Especially once my grandma passed, man. And you know, she was, you know, the one, she Was the glue that held it all together, had It all together. So once that foundation that once that foundation cracked, it ain't, it ain't been the same yet. And I, I've been trying to, to, to start to start that up again.


I, I Just, it's hard. It ain't the same. It ain't gonna Be the same, same boy. It's hard. It's really hard. I, I, I, I know, you know, 'cause you know, that was the thing and you know, I remember when my grandmother passed, that was the last time that all of us had gotten together. Right. And my grandmother passed in 2011. So all my cousins, you know, my aunts and uncles, that was the last time. It was like, well, you know, you know my sister Yeah. Is the oldest on that side of the family and it's like, Libby, you oughta start it back. That went one and out the other. Yeah. They, that's a lot Of my sister see her's. The thing when people don't know, my sister is more antisocial than I am. Right.


She don't do nothing. Church and back home. That's it. Live what you do today. Well, I, I, I, I went around the block. I took a ride out to the country and came back and pulled my car in the garage and let the garage down and my house watching tv. That's what you do. That's a, that's what you do Ocho. Yeah. So JR said, oh, watch. Collection is insane. I see those different dials. What's your favorite watch brand? I kinda have some, you know, I like Patek, I like AP Rollie. I'm probably gonna look at it. FP join.


I mean, I, I like watches. I don't, I mean, I just basically have Rolexes, aps and Pateks. I don't have a Valon, I don't have a Pi, I don't have FP join, you know, I used to have Frank Mueller. Right. But the, just the three, the three big guns. But I got, got my eye on something. I'm waiting What? Waiting because, well, it's hard to get those off catalogs because, you know, off catalog is something that only they're, they're, they're, they're, they're people that have spent X amount of dollars with them. So it's not like they're gonna offer it to me. And so, so I'm trying to build up my collection and it's not easy because a lot of times, you know, they want you to buy, you know, 10 stuff that, and you still, you're still not assured of being able to get it right.


So it is what it is. I'll pick and choose and sometimes you have to pay over retail. You just have to pay over retail. Just like a car sometimes. Ocho, you can't get on a list for a car if somebody has a car and you gotta pay o you know, over sticker to get it. Yeah. It is what it is. Yeah. That concludes this edition of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp. He is Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. We thank you so much for your continued support.


Thank you. Make sure you check out Shaa by the Portier. We have it in stock, but the cutoff date is December 18th to assure you that you can get it by New Year's, new Year's Eve. So December 30th. So if you order it by December 18th, we can assure you you'll get it by then. So thank you. If you can't find it any city or state near you, just order it by December 18th and we'll make sure you have it by December 30th. One more thing please. Drake Responsibly follow my me, my social, my company. So my media company pages on all of its platform. Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last week.


New shirts and sweats and we have stocking stuffers, beanies, cos, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours. Wild Supplies. Last tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February 6th in New Orleans. Be there. O Joe Bengals gotta win tonight. 27 20. Today the Bengals improved to five and eight. Dallas falls to five and seven. Joe Burrow, 363 yards, three touchdowns. He played phenomenal. He played a phenomenal game. And day one Dallas had an opportunity, but pump was blocked and you got a guy try to be a hero and run it back.


He muffed it bubble recovery by the Bengals. They go down the field drive, score the game winning touchdown and they win. Move to five and eight. Five and eight. Keep their milk chance playoff hopes alive 2% as they win. 27 20. Jamar Chase 14 catches 177 yard two scores. Jamar was sensational as Will Burrow. And yo hey Cowboys of the Cowboys, thank you for joining us for an episode of Nightcap. I'm unc he ocho. We will see you Wednesday night. Thank you for joining us out The Volume.


This is Ashley from the almost of podcast. Can you believe all this? Talk about GLP ones? Of course you can. It's all people talk about. Have you heard about Future Health? Though? They make access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever. People can struggle with weight loss for years, trying various diets and exercises without lasting success with GLP ones, many people notice a reduction in cravings and felt more in control of their eating habits, which lead to weight loss, physical health, and feeling more optimistic about their future. They give millions of people affordable access to knowledgeable providers who really know weight loss medications for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Again, try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four. And we're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Puck on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.