
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of With Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL Network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip, or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat in this football season. Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Pros, trust The Home Depot for heavy duty storage solutions for any job site or garage. Right now, get up to 25% off select online storage and organization impact and water resistant totes and shelving built to hold up to 2,500 pounds. Storage systems have space for all your tools and protect them in the garage, on the job site, and everywhere in between. Save time and maximize efficiency. With adjustable shelving customized to your business needs. Shop and save on pro grade storage at The Home Depot. How? Pros, get more done.


The Volume


NFL playoffs, we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sports Book. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction. Boy in Ontario won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


There was another hire old black kid, Pete Carroll was hired as head coach of the Raiders. Pete Carroll and the Raiders have reached a agreement on a three year deal with a team option for a fourth. When the regular season start, Carroll will become the oldest person to ever serve as head coach in the NFL. He turned 74 in September. The previous record was held by Romeo Kll, who was 73 when he served at interim head coach of the Houston Texans ocho. Do you like this quote? It's Pete, it's Pete Carroll. I I I like Pete Carroll. Pete's resume. You know, it speaks for itself what he's done. He's a Super Bowl winning head coach. Again, when I look at what he has to work with over in, in in Las Vegas, I'm not sure why he would, he would want to.


Maybe he he knows something we don't know. Maybe he knows. So, you know, he has some cook Is one of 32. What you talking about? What he want? 32 of those job. I know, but still, I, I mean just, just going to take a job knowing that your lease is gonna be short. Knowing that you don't have the most important position on your team, on that team that matters to be able to compete and contend in that. Do you know what conference division he's in? Yes. A-F-C-F-A-F-C West Broco. Yeah. Charlie Charge. Yeah. All of 'em got quarterbacks. Everybody got quarterback for next decade. Greater. Exactly. So I'm, I'm, I'm not sure That he got to be thinking about something.


Eating Musk have cooking up something with Mark Davis. I don't know O Joe. Lemme ask you this. I and, and Chad, y'all could help me. You'll understand you. 70 years old, this 3-year-old thing, she nice got long hair. She got ooh skin. Ooh Yeah. Ooh. Built stacked like dirty laundry in a door, hair down her back. And when she steps she'll step her. Y'all know what I'm talking about. She'll step her. Y'all gonna see if she gonna have her YSL she'll have on tar four, she'll have on them blood problems. Everything is, everything is immaculate. And she's interested in you, you taking that Pete Carroll's seven about to be 74.


How many jobs are he, you think he going to get in the NFL at the age of 74? I like where you're going with it. I like, listen, when you put it like that, when you gimme that kind of analogy, I like when you're going with it. But everything you just said, you know, you talking about Tom Ford, you know? Yeah. You know the nice shoes and she's a step up. Well, everything you just described in that woman ain't the goddamn Las Vegas Raiders. It don't, you know. Now the lost the Las Vegas Raiders is the one where your homeboy say, Hey boy, I sharp, I need some more. Take one for the team tonight. Now all them, no, you hear me. The one I got, you know, she's a 10 now. Her friend, she say she had to bring a friend with her.


Now a friend is only the six. But you, it go take on Yeah. Las Vegas Raiders, won't you, you Right. It's like, like getting, getting ready to be the, the head coach for the Chiefs or something. But, but you have to understand though, Ocho she's shown interest In Yeah, She ain't gotta have on nothing. She might come out the house with Crocs. She might come out the house with that bond on, but she 32 Curry. Hold on. Yeah. Let, let me get, let me give her visuals together now. How tall are we talking? How tall are we talking? She's somewhere between, she's somewhere between five seven and five nine Mm.


I, I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do you one better. I'm gonna do you one better. 'cause we both, we we both tall. Let's just make a, just, just make a 5, 5, 5. 9, 5 10. So when she put some, when she puts some heels on, we call her Amazon 32. Got a nice job. She makes six figures low, six figures. When you see her out, she ain't got nothing on her. She carries, she carried Louis all the time. She got her own, got her own crib, got her own car. And you gotta be careful now because because everything you describing right now as a woman, she talk back. That's okay. I listen. She talk, I listen. He, why?


I don't know what you talking about On choke. Hey, I about to be 57, man, I ain't fixing do all that. I I'm past that stage on choke where I gotta with the pants and I gotta be my way. Oh no. Mm. She talk back like, yeah, you know what, You right. I didn't want to go over there. Why didn't you tell me this yesterday? I Like, I like it. I like, I I listen, I understand when you at listen, you're in a different phase in life and you under, you have to understand you don't have to fight everybody. It's Not like he Ben Johnson. See Yeah. Tom Brady wanted Ben Johnson. Right. Ben Johnson. I ain't got no quarterback. Now, ideally, would I like to be in the same division? No, but I got a quarterback over here.


I got skill position to live over here. I got a lot of cap space and I can build, guess what? I got a quarterback on a rookie contract so I can put some pieces around it. Yep. Brandon, you got a little time. You got about, you got about two more years. Got two more years. Yes. So with that being said, Ocho, but Pete being 70, about to be 74. Think about it. In the history of the game, there's only one other. Coach Romeo was 73 and he was Interim Wasn't head, he wasn't, you know, that wasn't somebody that hired him and gave him the job. He just took over. So for me it was for, for, for, for Pete, it's a no brainer right now. Pete can build a team.


We saw what he did with Seattle, but Russ came to him in the third round. I think Russ was a third round draft pick. And we saw what happened. They had a great defense. They built that thing. They had bwa, they had shrm, they had Chancellor, they had Earl, they had Malcolm Smith, they had Bennett, they had Cliff April, they had Red, they had a squad. Russ come in, remember now they, they assigned Matt Flynn in free agency from Green Bay. He was expected they gave him $10 million guaranteed at a $30 million contract. $10 million signing bonus. And he never touched the field. Russ beat him out in camp. Crazy how that work. Hey, and maybe they, and maybe they can, maybe he can strike lightning he under.


But see, the thing is Joe, he understands, he's been a head coach at a lot of different staff. He's head coach at the Jets. He's head coach at the Patriots head coach of Seattle head coach here, head coach at USC. And you look at what he did. USC was USC was not winning before Pete got there. He put USC back on the map. Right. Now you not old enough to remember when USC had that juggernaut, late sixties and the through the seventies. They were hell, they were loaded. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I mean, you gotta think about it. They had Charles White and Marcus Allen, Ronnie lot, Dennis Smith, joy, browner Ross, all the, all those guys.


So they, they were, they were really Lynn Kane, all those guys within in that backfield. They were really, they were really good Munoz. Yeah. Big. I think Don Mobar was on that team. They were, they were, they were loaded. But Pete knows how to build a team. But at the end of the day, if you look at the teams, when Heath had his best, most success, Not a quarterback, always it matters. And without him, so Russ and Pete, Hey Russ, Pete reunite in Oakland, I mean in Vegas, him and Him and Russ Russell Wilson. Ooh, that's A good one.


That's a good, that's a good one. I, I like, I like, I like what you're thinking. That's a possibility. I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'm not sure I'm, I am not sure. Damn, that's a good one. A quarter, a quarterback that you're familiar with, a quarterback that you won a Super Bowl with, you know, but there were some, some there, there were some issues internally. Are you, you wanna go back To that? Like, nah, bro, I see the Pete was like, I see diminishing spirit, right? Nah, bro, I ain't, I ain't really trying to give you 200. Russ say, bro, I, hey and you know, hey, spin the bar.


Yeah. You Know, you know, sometimes if things be so bad, don't you, you ain't got a choice, but you the block. Yeah. I, I I don't, that ain't what I, that ain't what I said out. Right. But sometimes, sometimes that's what you have to do. A, you know, the, the age, half your age plus average minus three. So that's why I come forward. That's that. You know, that's my Box. Yes sir. I stay right here on you. I ain't going outside of it, you know, side to side, side to side right here. But I ain't going outside that box. Okay. Maybe, hey, Depending on who it is, maybe You know what I'm talking about.


You know what I'm, you know what I'm talking about. Don't joke. You know what I'm saying. Age sometimes, you know. Hey, like I, hey boy, ain't 27 ain 37. No Different. It's different. Listen, you know what's good, you know what's good about us is really understanding and realizing we're not Yes. We're not the same as we were as we. No. We understand what we're capable of doing at our age. Now. The we did in our, in our teens and twenties to thirties. Man, we ain't pulling that shit. We not pulling that shit off at this. No, no, no. I ain't, I ain't, look, I, I ain't finn I ain't finna grab no 25-year-old like I could when I was 32, 33.


I already know that right now. Ocho, I'm gonna win. I can not when I want to. You see what I'm saying? Ocho, I'm gonna win. I can not. When I want to understand that, Chad, understand, stay. We've been there. Stay with it. There's a difference between the Two. Hey, you know what? You, you know what you got, you got self-awareness. Oh, course self-awareness is so important, but it's lacking in so many, so many of our men today. It's lacking in so many of our, you trying to think you can keep up and do some of the things you did when you, when you Oh no, I'm, hey, I, I'm who I am about to be, Hey, six months, 57 now I don't look it, I still, I'm in shape. You know, I eat my veggies and do my abs, but hey, at the end of the day they hit that Google.


Damn Damn. 58, 57. Yeah. 57. Hey, so hey Ocho, you know, sometimes you have to get, hey, catch a straggler coming out the supermarket. You know what I'm saying? I'm on the wrong, Joe. Hey, listen, I'm leading on wrong way. It is a ninth inning. It's a ninth inning. It's two strikes and three balls. What you gonna do now? One quarter, two a two minute, two minute drive. Hey, I wide a you see your car for a little while? Watch you go in and out. Okay? Hey. Oh Joan, she look as desperate as I am.


You desperate? I'm desperate. Hell, let's make this apple OCHO in a crazy turn of events, the Jacksonville Jaguars are finalizing a deal to hire Buck offensive coordinator Liam Coen, as their next head coach. The move comes after Cohen agreed to an extension with the Buccaneers and removed himself from the consideration for the Jags job. Cohen met with Jaguars on Thursday to discuss the vacancy, despite the news of his return to Tampa, which would have made him the highest paid coordinator in NFL history. Jacksonville reportedly reached out to Cohen after the team fired Trent bulky to see if he would reconsider the offer.


And after their talks, it appears Jacksonville has their guy. I like it. I like it. And the fact that the fact that he chose to leave, even though the bucks were gonna make him the highest paid officer coordinator, you know, They ain't gonna make it by d gonna make more than we were gonna make in Jags. How, How you figure He gonna make at least $7 million with the Jags, the highest paid coordinator probably make him make $3 million. We remember we just talked about spac, NOLA making 3.5. I Know that's, that's what I'm just saying. But if they, if they, if they're telling him to leave the job, well, we want you to re reconsider, I'm sure. Allow him to reset the market on whatever it is. No, they're gonna ask him to re No, the Jags ask him to reconsider.


Right. So they're gonna give him a head coaching job, which will probably be somewhere around 7 million. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers will only gonna give him 3 million, three $4 million. Okay. Okay. Yeah. No, I was just saying. So, okay, I had it backwards, but I knew he was leaving. Right? Because he Make more Jacksonville. Yes. Nobody, nobody. Absolutely. And, and look and you are over everything. You're, you know, you are responsible. I mean, the head coach comes with a lot of responsibilities. You're not, you are not responsible for one side of the ball. You are responsible for the whole ball. Offense, defense, special teams. When we gonna practice, what time we gonna meet? Okay? What's the, what's the, the training, you know what I'm saying As far as weight schedule.


Okay. End your players. What time do they have to be there? How long the meeting gonna last? Last, what time are we gonna leave OCHO for road trips? Where are we gonna stay? All that goes on the head coaches. So congratulations. I mean, I hated for Baker because Baker had really under his guidance. Yeah, he, he was Baker was, baker had, baker had looked like the baker that they took that the reason why they took it with the number one overall pick, I think in 2016, the last two years he showed you why. And a lot of that had to do, I believe had to do with Liam Coen. Not to say Bakker doesn't have talent because obviously you go first overall you got talent.


But I think he had found someone that believed in him that had an offense that was really catered to what he does really well. He had nice quality receivers outside with Mike Evans. Even though Chris Godwin got hurt this year, the young guys had come along. I love the running backs that they got. But I, I hate this, I hate this for bak, but I'm excited for someone to get an opportunity to be a head coach because hey, last two years he's done a great job as a OC for Tampa and he's getting rewarded for his hard work. Oh yeah. That's dope. So what do you think Ocho? You you liked the movie? Oh yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Listen, if he can do, if, if, if he can do, if he can do what he did for Bakker, imagine we would do for Trevor Lawrence Baker Mayfield had Mike Evans.


Now young, young bullets that stud over there in Jacksonville. Now Chad, I don't, Brian Thomas Jr. Yeah, y'all paid attention to Brian Thomas Jr. But he's a, is a reason he's in the Pro Bowl. There's a reason he's in the pro. So that magic he had in Tampa with Baker and Mike Evans has always been Mike Evans. But I'm sure he can create that same magic between Trevor Lawrence and get him turned around. You know, after getting that huge payday and Brian to JR they go your security blanket right there. Yeah, they go your security blanket right there, Travis. Yep. And then go your security. Take Bigsby. I think you probably need to do a little bit more with the offensive line. Yeah. Shore that up.


I think they got a pretty good defense. Maybe look at, look at a corner. Look at a look. You got a high draft pick. You got a quarterback. You don't need a quarterback. I wouldn't spend a high draft pick on a wide receiver. I wouldn't spend a high draft pick on a tight end. I don't know if there's anyone that's worthy to be selected. If they're an offensive lineman that's worthy of a pick that high. Probably not. Maybe a defensive lineman. Maybe a db. But yeah, you got Trevor Lawrence, you got Brian Thomas Jr. You got Evan Ingram, you got Tank Bigsby, you got Trevor at TNI mean, yeah, every at TN. So you got some nice quality pieces. But you gotta have to protect, you gonna have to protect Trav and he's gonna have to do a job of protecting himself.


They, They have the number one pick, right? No. Tennessee has the number one pick. Oh Shoot. Okay. That means Shado. The SDO is gone first, then Jacksonville's at five.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the leave. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. If only there were a professional WNBA player with her own podcast I could listen to. Hey, this is L Brown, WNBA Player and Professional Yapper. And this is Mariah Rose. You may know me from spilling the tea on hoops for Hotties on TikTok And we've got a new podcast full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball and not just in the WNBA, but with Athletes Unlimited unrivaled and college basketball. We've got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit of tea. I know you guys have seen a lot of former and current basketball players telling their stories from their point of view. And I just think it's time for the girlies to tap in. We wanna share all of the women's basketball stories that you won't see anywhere else. Tune into Full Circle, an iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with Deep blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else are you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all Colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


So lemme see. It's shado probably go first. The Tennessee the second would be, I think Cleveland's at two And Cam Ward would probably go two. And who in New England is three, right? No, Giants are three. New England's four Jacksonville's five. See That that might, that might be a shocker right there too at three. I'm, I'm, The question is, what would Tennessee be moving to move down? Is there somebody that's in the draft that Tennessee says, we must bet we must have and we don't believe he'll be, he'll be available if we slide down to 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.


That's the question, Ocho, because the question is, are Tennessee one player away Ocho or do you deem multiple. Multiple. Okay, if I can slide down and get next year's first rounder, get a, maybe pick up a second or third this year and a second and third next year and in 27 maybe get a fourth. I think that's the, that's the best option because I don't think any of these teams are one player away. Now obviously everybody's not gonna slide down, but if I can, if I can, if I can slide down Mocho and really, really, really build, I think I'd be willing, I don't, I don't see anyone sliding down, especially with the players that that that we have going, that are slotted in the Mont drafts to go top five.


I don't see any team coming out coming outta those. No, I I Should mock draft Ocho Shadur Sanders won Tennessee, Abdul Carter, the Edge, Russia out Penn State, two Cam Ward quarterback outta Miami. Three Travis Hunter, the all purpose all do it all. Wide receiver cornerback, new England, Mason Graham D line, Michigan Will Johnson cornerback, Michigan Will Campbell offensive lineman, OT jets. Now this is just a mark. Obviously, clearly Tennessee needs a court now.


You know, listen to them talk today. They're like, Hey, we are willing to bring Will Levis back, but kinda informed him that there's gonna be competition. Yeah, Well we, we know, we know what that means. And maybe that would be good a, a good thing for Will, maybe that'd be a good thing. Having someone that can help the, the, the force you to compete at a high level, you know, to force you to minimize your mistakes. Because you know, when you got somebody looking over your shoulder, they could do two things. They could either make you or it can break you a lot. That's a lot of, that's a lot of pressure when you know you can't make no mistakes when you're trying to play mistake free football, then you start to press, you start press.


I mean listen. Right. That ain't a good thing. It depends on how he's built mentally. I agree. I think the thing is OCHO is that AP did a disservice to the Raiders by winning that game. 'cause they slid down from one all the way to six. Yeah. So there's a possibility that you could, you could lose out on Cam Ward and Shado. Well, Listen, listen, listen on in the war room, you never know what's gonna happen. You never know what goes on. They have those phones in there for reason. So maybe something may happen, you know, be before the draft or know during the draft and maybe somebody comes up and snatches the player that they want on their board to make sure he doesn't get away.


Well they really don't have a whole lot of draft tradable pieces. The one piece they got is Crosby, Max, Max Cosby Crosby. That's the one. That's the one piece that everybody would be willing to give up a first round pick or multiple picks for. I don't see anybody else on that roster that they'll be willing to give that up for Brock Bowers. But they're not trading Brock Bowers. Hell nah. But Max Crosby is the only one that I see that has the, that has the, the capital attached to him that somebody would be, be willing to give up.


He's the most valuable. He and Brock Bowers are the most valuable pieces. Well, clearly they're not trading Brock Bowers, but I don't think the Raiders are one player away. But They need damn quarterback. That's what they need. They absolutely need a quarterback To fix that situation. And then you build, you, you build around. Oh, Joe, after taking several days, Mark Andrews publicly apologized for dropping the ball on what would've been a game time two point conversion. It is impossible to adequately express how I feel. I'm absolutely gutted by what happened on Sunday. I'm devastated for my teammates, my coaches and Ravens fans.


I pour every ounce of my being into playing at the highest level possible because I love my team and I love the game of football like nothing else. That is why it's taken me until now to collect my thoughts and address this publicly, even though the shock and disappointment or unlike anything I felt before. I refuse to let this situation define me. I promise that this advers adversity will only make me stronger and fuel us as we move forward. I think everyone that has shown me and our team genuine support these past several days, despite the negativity, I've seen heartfelt love and encouragement, including from those who have generously donated to the breakthrough TD T 1D organization.


Even when the moments seem darkest, perspective can reveal that there is still a lot of light in this world. Right? I'm now going to do my part to bounce back and contribute to it. Hashtag God bless ocho. Yeah. Was this necessary? No. No, not at all. Not at all. There's nothing you can do. There's no point of, you know, writing, writing an apology. There are ups and downs, there are obstacles, there are hurdles. Any game you don't owe anybody on the outside of that locker room an apology. You talk to your players, you talk to your teammates, you talk to your coaches, you know, and, and you let them know how you feel.


There's no need to be apologizing publicly to everyone that hasn't put in the work you've done. They're not there in training camp with you. They're not there in meetings room with you. No. They're not bleeding with you. They not going to war out there with you. Now they do support you because they are fans of the team. Any apologies should be had, should be had within that team to individual players and nobody else if that's what you see fit in doing. But that's the birth of brotherhood. Yes. You know, they, they, they not gonna be talk, talking trash about you and Oh man, you just, no, it Happens Ocho it happens.


I mean, I remember Ernest Byner and I eb I know Eb I mean knew EB a long time. He was in Baltimore when I was there. He stayed in contact with him. He former the ball. He was running into the end zone ocho. Yeah. He had a touchdown that would've put the bulla, put the brows in front of the Broncos and got pulled it out. Mm. It happens. Yeah, It happens. Look at Billy Buckner. The ball went right through his legs. Magic Johnson had a situation. They used to call, they called him tragic. He had a chance to win game. Right. He drove the time out. They lost it overtime. He was a two time finals.


MBP. Right. So fans are gonna turn Look fans, I, I don't care what you've done. Yeah. Oh, they'll turn on you quick now they'll turn, they'll turn on you quick. Their loyalty is not with you. The loyalty is there with you simply because you're a part of You on the team they root for. Yeah. That that's it. That, that, that is it. And I just think the thing is, he'd have came out, he'd have come out much better. Just a, I'm devastated guys. We had an opportunity to tie this game up. I like our chances from that point on and just left it at, but Ocho you can't run. Yeah. I'm, you can't run. You don't have to say anything. You ain't about running No ocho.


You got to speak after the media. Oh, lemme ask you a question. We had he called had he called it and they won. Do you think Mark Andrews would've spoke? Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh, he did? Oh, he, why he speak to the media? You said he don't have to speak. Oh, I mean, no, I'm saying write that, that written letter that like the, like the, we've got, that's not necessary. You got Ocho. This is why I'm a firm believer. You have to be able to handle adversity the same way you ever respect Yeah. I prosperity I didn't realize success. Yeah. I didn't realize you didn't speak to the media. I He didn't speak, he didn't speak after the game and he didn't speak on the exit Interview. Yeah. See, yeah. I mean, but the whole, the letter thing that's like, Yeah, I ain't write no letter.


Nah, I ain't no point for all that, man. I mean, I might write that thing to my boo thing. He had A great season. Mark Anthony. Yes. Mark Anthony dropped four passes this season. Huh? He dropped, yes. Four passes all year long. It just so happened they came at the wrong time. Two of them. Yes. The fumble came at the wrong time. Yes. You know, It happens though. Ocho I think after that first drop, you know, everything else was in his head after that. But here's the thing, even on the first drop, they went down and got a touchdown. Yeah. So we can't hold that against them. They scored on that. Yep. It, it, look, it's at the end of the game. This is what everybody remembers. The fumble Buffalo went down and got points out of that.


The, the the two point conversion. You know, they weren't, they weren't able to get the on side. Right now. There was a minute in 33 seconds with two timeouts. Now you're gonna have to ask your defense. We'll never know. Maybe the defense gets a turnover and they score and they, they win the game. Maybe hey, they go down and, and, and, and, and, and, and ball and buffalo kick a field goal and they win the game 30 to 27. We'll never know. But you have to be able to handle, you have to be able to handle adversity the same way you handle success. Because it's not what happens to you that, that determines what, what do you do? You act once that happens to you. Yeah. And I believe Mark Andrews is made of the right stuff. You don't have the success that he's had in this league.


He's been an all pro. He's been a pro Bowl player. He's been Lamar Jackson's most reliable weapon. Yeah. Since he's been in Baltimore. We can't, we there is no denying that. And Jay Flowers had an unbelievable season, but since Lamar has been there, and Mark Andrews has been there, Mark Andrews has been his most reliable weapon. And I can imagine, I I ocho I've been there. I dropped a pass that would've given the Broncos home field throughout the playoffs. I just say if I'm ever in that situation again, ain't happening. Well, five years, six years later I'm in that situation.


30 and eight. Yeah. In the situation in b in Baltimore. 30 and 18. Right. Mark, I promise you, you come back and make a play next year to win a game, win a playoff game. Just keep your head up, bro. You're strong. You're a great player. You are gonna be up there with all the other grays, with the Ray Lewiss and the Suggs and the Ed Reeds. Yeah. The Peter Bowl and the Mike McCreary. The Jonathan Ogden's. You are gonna be up there. You gonna be all right. You gonna be up there? Yep. You gonna be okay. So pick your head up. I know it's hurting. I know it hurts, bro. I know it hurts because of the finality of it, man.


What could have been, you're so close. But bro, you'll be okay. I promise you you're gonna be okay. And it's tough. You know, all, all your teammates say, oh, Joe, they try to tell you the right thing, man. You know, man, hey man, it ain't your fault. Right. We win together, we lose together. But ing that, not Roy, not that different on you. Yeah. That's Hey. But see that was different with us because I remember we, we lost to the Giants Hotel in 90, in 98. Wow. We were 13. We were 13 and three. Right. Played on a Saturday and we take the lead. We weren't playing well. TD was really sick, but TD gave us an outstanding effort. I think TD might have had 150 yards. Wow. TD was sensational, man.


They go 87 yards and three plays. Man. We get on the bus, you know, everybody head down quiet. I walk by the dude that gave that touchdown like you caught us just undefeated Caesar. Damn. Damn. Huh? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, oh yeah. We were like that Ocho. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Lee. Yeah. Oh, Tim mackay. I said, oh yeah, you like to call us. You like, hey, you like to fell out like you did in Pittsburgh? No. Oh no. Oh. But we had, but oh, Joe, we had that type of relationship with the guys. Oh, we had no problem. You drop a pass.


Oh, you gave up something. Oh yeah. You had no, oh yeah. You go hear about it. Yeah. They on you. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. For sure. For sure. But yo, a me a burn, that was, oh, we gonna keep you humble. Oh, oh. Especially Ocho. You know what I'm saying? You gave up plays in the game, but come practice you Dionne. Right. You All were do that in the game. Oh, all world. Oh, you got me, you got me locked up. You up there talking, you doing this all in my face. Right. Why did you do that on Sunday? Oh yeah, Ocho. Yeah. Hey, we can let, we can't let, Hey, we can't let you get too high.


We gotta keep you right here. We gotta keep you right here like that. Because if we keep you right here, Ocho Yeah. We know we can have you, you start feeling good about yourself and all of a sudden you start bull jiving. No, we gotta keep you level. And so yeah. I I wouldn't have wrote, I wouldn't have written no letter. Me personally, Ocho that's him now. That's how he handled it. I would've been mad enough to, I would've been mad enough to stand up there and in front of the me. Yeah. I let, I let, I let my team down today guy after I did. Yeah. If somebody would've told me I was gonna have an opportunity to atone for the fumble, right. By catching a two point conversion and giving our team an opportunity to potentially take this thing to overtime, Good chance.


That's all I could ask for. All I all you want is an opportunity to put, to be in that situation. Right. Because a lot of times, Ocho you don't even get an opportunity to be in that situation. Right. To catch a, a game changing play or a game winning play. Moments like that come, come around every so often. Every so often though. It don't happen. All it don't happen all the time. Now it's, yes, it's fortunate enough because of the team he's playing for. They're going to always be in contention and he's going to always be making plays for Lamar Jackson. Yes. So he, he, he gonna be all right. He gonna be all right. Victory goes to the man that's prepared luck, they call it. Mm.


The Volume


famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris and iHeart Women's Sports Production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm so sick of hearing men talk about women's basketball. This Is Lexie Brown and Mariah Rose, and we've Got a new podcast, full circle Every Wednesday. We're catching you up on what's going on in women's basketball. We've Got you with analysis inside stories and a little bit Of tea. Full Circle is an iHeart women's sports production and partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. Listen to Full Circle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.