
This is an iHeart podcast.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say. Do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home. Play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the cmba life@cmbacasino.com. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report, The volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us on this Saturday evening. Welcome to another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharpe. Fresh back from Pat and Con, can you see it with the hat? Pepe Cincinnati Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the all Pro. Liberty City legend. That's Chad Ocho, Pepe and Yo Zoom. And also joining us, university of Texas alum Heisman Trophy, winning it's dark. Okay, Heisman Trophy winning candidate and he's a cannabis connoisseur, Mr.


Ricky Williams. Ricky, how you doing bro? Thanks for joining us, man. Appreciate that. We'll get to you in just a second. Definitely. Guys, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you for joining us. Whether it's the very, very beginning in the middle or now, we cannot thank you enough because everything we do is because of you. We got some awards tonight. Oh, Joe, as a matter of fact, Nightcap was so good. They sent me two of these things. Hey, hey, hey, listen, do do me a favor. I'm supposed to, I'm supposed to only be speaking French tonight, right?


But I'm not gonna speak French right now because I'm trying to understand how do you continue to get the war and not sending one to me. So guys, thank you very much. Thank you for your word of mouth. Thank you for your eyes. Thank you for your ears because without you, there could be no night count. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock, we have it in abundance, and if you can't find it any city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door, the best tasting premium VSOP cognac on the market. Don't take our word for it, try it for yourself. I promise you, you will not be disappointed. Please drink responsible and stay safe. Go follow our media company page on all of its platform, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


The link is in the chat, supplies are limited, and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. We've got Ricky Williams, who I introduced at the top. And then we have Jim Jones. We fly high joining us later in the show, but Ocho right off the plane from France. Tell us a little bit about it, bro. How was it? I mean, listen, listen, friends cans was, was, was beautiful. Obviously being able to, to connect with, with a, with a lot of brands, seeing how things are run, being able to sit down and, and, and meet with, with Im important people. I, I'll just say it like that.


It was, it was a tremendous, tremendous trip. Man meetings and meetings went very well. I had to speak on a, a few panels that went well and the relationships, You know, the, the bridges I was able to, to to, to build over there was awesome. So I'm, I'm, I'm kind of upset that I missed the first two years based on what I was able to experience, You know, going out the end time. So I look, I look forward the next year already. I only been home for one day. Yeah. But it, it was dope. It was a really, really dope experience. Yeah. It, it's, it's, it's getting, it gets bigger and better every year. O Joe, You know, I went last year, we're supposed to go and we had some technical difficulties, but it is a wonderful event. Event. And like you said, you get an opportunity to sit down and be in those rooms and be in those meetings where things actually happen.


You get an opportunity to talk to people that's going to actually pull the trigger and make things happen. So that's always, and, and look it, they, you get an opportunity to meet the people. They get an opportunity to talk to you. I mean, you, you across from them, you're talking now, they put a name to a face. Now they put a personality to the name. Now they get an opportunity to see who and what Ochocinco is. So I'm glad you got an opportunity to experience that. As I mentioned earlier, we recently spoke Ricky, we got something, You know, you from Tech, well you're from San Diego. Are you, you, where do you live now? You in, are you back in San Diego? You in Texas, you in Miami? I'm living in Northern California. You live in Northern California now? Yeah, yeah. Oh, okay.


Well we got something that you might can help us out on. You recently spoke at legislation Texas. They're trying to ban marijuana products. I guess it's products will have the THC in it, correct? It's, I mean, yes, it's not, it's not supposed to, but, but, and that's why it's an issue is that okay, pretty much, pretty much you can go to a gas station in Texas and get THC Well, damn. And they try so all, so they don't, like in California you have these, like these specialty shops. You have cannabis shops that you go into and you can buy, You know, obviously you could buy, I don't know, gram or whatever the case may be. I mean, you could probably speak to that a little better than I can, but so what the, are they trying to like take it completely out or are they trying to get like restricted where you have to go to a specific place and not just your arbitrary gas station?


It's it's both, but it's a little extreme. They're trying to ban it a hundred percent and they're gonna, they say they're gonna open up the medical program and I think it's a good idea to open up the medical program. But I, I think it's a little, it's a little too much to say toban it a hundred percent. It does need to be regulated more, but not banned. But you do realize that when, like, when they open it up for medical per purposes or so they say medicinal purposes, You know, only a select group of people get those license. Right. You know, that, You know, it, it is, You know what we have been incarcerated for, for 2, 5, 10, 15 years now. We got, You know, we sell it a little nickel bag or your little grab little, whatever the case may be.


Woo. Now they get a license and they get to capitalize on it and make millions and millions and millions of dollars. And then we get cut out. Like, and we done spent time in jail for that. Yeah, it's real. It's real. Hey, And then the funny, the funny thing about it is they don't allow things to pass or they don't allow, they don't legalize things until they're able to monetize on it. Yeah. That's the, once they find they can tax you on it. Well, yeah, that, that's, that's exactly how it is. And obviously you, you understand the, the other aspect, the other dynamic of, of certain people obviously of color who have, have used that as a way of survival, as a means to, to provide. They, they, they've been locked up, You know, for years. And we, we understand how that goes.


It's always, it's always a a, a double-sided sword in a sense. But hopefully those that are able to use it for medicinal purposes and everyone is given the opportunity to get those Licenses when the time comes. Yeah, I mean speaking of what you're talking about, Chad, there are a lot of people in prison still and that shouldn't be in prison. Yeah. Yes sir. But but also most states, 'cause when, when the movement first started, most of the people were, were liberal. So when the movement first started, they made sure run a lot of legislations that, that people who have been incarcerated or who have felonies have easy access. Access. They can get the license. They can, if you've been incarcerated for cannabis, non-violent cannabis related offense in a lot of states, you have easier access.


You can get access to a license. Okay, that's nice. That's cool. I'm saying it is, but the issue is that most of those people can't afford or don't have the expertise to be able to do anything with those licenses. Right, right. So yeah, so it, it don't really work. I was, I was talking to someone and they say, look, when we get, when we get a license, us people that look like me, you and Ricky, don't be selling your homeboy a pound. Do what you do to guy, like do to Guy Ocho. I'm talking to somebody that's kind of in that business, right? And to keep the business above the board when your homeboy come, don't sell him a pound. Sell him what you're supposed to sell. Keep it above the board so you get to keep your license.


I know your home, but come on bro, ain't nobody going to know. Yes. They going know because as soon as you get jammed up, do what you gonna say Ocho, to keep yourself from getting 10 to 15, you going to dime your partner out. He gonna lose his license. They going shut him down every time. So if we were, if we are fortunate enough to be in those positions, let's just do right. Hey, keep it, keep that money flow going because like you said, that's a cash, that's a cash business. Big one. A big one at that. And it, it, it's just like alcohol prohibition. They ran bootleg, moonshot and all that stuff and they say, hold on, we keep bus, let's just, hey, let 'em make it and let's tax their ass on it. The same thing with cigarettes.


Yeah. Let's tax them. We could get some, oh, this is a billion and billion and billion dollar business. Instead of hiring all these people to try to bust the steels and, and, and cut the trees down, we can monetize it. And once anybody find, look, once someone finds they can make some money off it, they're gonna make money off it. It's, it's really that simple. And, but I I, I'm glad You know, Rick, lemme ask you this. Had the laws and, and the way people look at, because when I was, when I was younger and growing up and in the league, marijuana was a stigma. Was a stigma. People frowned upon it.


And it's not nearly that. I mean now PE hey you, California, they walk around, they'd be smoking outside and, and it ain't nothing. How different do you Think you career would have been had you been allowed to, You know, You know, partake? You know, I think it would've been a lot different because just, You know, off the field, just all the trouble I was in all the time and, and the hits to my reputation at the time, it was so stressful that it, it, I'm sure if I, if things were going better and I was allowed to be myself, that I would've been able to perform at even a higher level, no pun intended, But No, but seriously, and I right, because I think we only have so much energy and when things are stressing us out, that's energy that's being wasted.


That could be going to something different. Right? I mean, you, you look, California has always been very, very liberal, very open-minded. I mean, you go to the bay and the hippies and the yuppies and they had Woodstock and all that other stuff going on. Do you think your upbringing, do you think where you was, where you was raised at, played a role in you being so, You know, open and, and, and partaking in and, and, and marijuana, and did you smoke in high school? Did you smoke in college? When did this, your, your love infatuation or whatever the case you might wanna call it, when did, when did your love or when did you first partake in, in marijuana? The first time I was in it was in high school, but I, I wasn't, I wasn't a smoker.


I didn't really become a smoker until I got into the league. Okay. Because it, it was stigmatizing and I, You know, I was an athlete and, and like growing up, the one thing that every my grandma, everybody said, right, don't throw it away for drugs. So I, You know, I, I tried, I listened, I tried to listen. So, No, but it wasn't until, it wasn't until later. And I definitely think when I was 13, my, my mom, my stepdad was a, was a roster. And so he would smoke every night. It just was part of his routine. And my, my auntie, she had a, she had a treaty in her, in her kitchen, so it was around me. So I was, I was desensitized to it, like, You know, and I think if people aren't around it and they just hear the stigma, that's all they have to go on.


So I was around it and the people that I, that shit, my stepdad and my auntie were people I probably liked the most in the whole world and, and they smoked. So I, but again, I wasn't partaking when I was young, but I, I was open to, I wasn't against it. I wasn't anti Hey Rick. Yeah. Oh no, please, my bad. You know, I, I'm, I'm really curious, you said you hadn't smoked when you, I mean, obviously most of the time when it comes to people having certain habits, it comes from their surroundings and their upbringings. But the fact that you, You know, had the discipline not to be interested in, in it while you were, while you were young, but once you got to the NFL, did you use the, in the FL because of injuries? Because of stress? I mean, is there, is there specific Reason?


It was, it was, it was stress. I think the reason I had to use it up until that point, because life was like, was good. I wasn't really stressed about anything. You know, I, I didn't, I didn't need it. And I got to the point where things got really stressful and I realized that this, this helped me because, You know, everybody knows I'm a shy person. I'm an introverted person and something about smoking, I just get to being with myself, You know? Right. And I feel like I get energy, I get energy from that and it helps me So well in the situation, Rick, I, I think the thing is, you said the expectations, and we gonna get into this where Mike Dicker gave up his entire draft class to select you, You know, that had never been done in the history of sports.


I mean, basically that was ASAP giving his kingdom away for a horse and the expectations that came along. Now you're supposed to be the greatest NFL running back because you look at all the running backs. Jim Brown and, and Barry Sanders and Emmett Smith and Eric Dickerson, all those guys, they got slotted. The man gave up his whole entire draft class to select you. So now that comes along. I mean, you are Heisman Trophy winning, running back, you have had the most rushing yards in college history. So now I'm a Heisman Trophy winner. I got the most Russian yards. A guy just gave up in the entire draft class. For me, that's a lot of expectations on a running back. Did that play any role? Honestly, if, if I'm being ready, you can call me ungrateful, but I don't think I even got to the point of realizing the expectations.


'cause I was so disappointed that I slid to the number five spot. Oh, okay. Wow. Okay. So I was like, I was in shock. I mean, after that, like, I don't even remember what happened. I don't even remember, I don't even remember what happened because just what you said, You know, to me, I thought I had, I had made the case and, and not even to be the best in the future, but that I was the best. At least I had the potential to be the best because of the track, my track record. So I, I thought I should have been the first pick. And I wasn't. And then, and the intro was pick number four, hall of Fame career. But I wasn't even the first running back pick. So, so I, I mean, again, I remember sitting there and I was spinning and I remember saying them saying something about picks or something, something, You know, Mike Dick got on with a cigar and then, and then I was on an airplane headed to New Orleans.


Did you get hot? Did you get hot that night? I wasn't smoking then. You weren't smoking then. So you, what did you, so you didn't start smoking until you got to what? Miami And I started smoking in New Orleans, started smoking my second year. My second year in New Orleans. And Did you have, was it injury related? I mean, you talk about you, you are an introverted person. I mean, when I think, I remember you was talking and you always had your face mapped, you had your helmet on and you had the Dark shield and You know, everybody was like, damn, what's, what's going on? Rickey seems like, You know, this is what they were saying. They said, man, them dude, weird man who gives an interview with the helmet on. We can't see his eyes.


We don't know what he's thinking. You know, people would like for you to make eye contact and you were like, and I was like, wow, okay. This is, this is different. But hey, to each it on a man did win a Heisman. He was, You know, won all these awards, the dope walker. So, hey, it's hard to argue the man has had success doing it that way. It's not the same though. I mean, what I, You know, my time in, in college and my time in the NFL were completely different. And basically it was just the people's orientation towards me. Okay. You know? 'cause as a sensitive person, that's what it means. It means like, I need to be around people that feel me. 'cause if I'm around people that don't feel me, then it's hard for me to feel myself. And so I wouldn't around people that didn't feel me, and I could feel myself, it's like, oh, oh, my homies.


Right. Smoke a little bit and get on the game just to relax. Just, just to give, just to again recharge so I could get up and, and go do it again. Being on the field, I love being on the field. Nothing, nothing better. Nothing. To me, there was no better feeling in the whole wide world. And I'm talking about practice. There was no better feeling in the whole wide world for me than to be on that football field. Nothing. And that's all I wanted to do. But all the other stuff, it just made it almost to the point where it wasn't worth it. And so I realized if I wasn't like smoking, connecting, I, I wouldn't gave up the game. You know, You know what's funny, and, and Rick, when I, when I think about it as, as great as you were in college, as great as you were in the NFL, just imagine if they were a little bit more lenient with the rules and allowing you to smoke, let's say for medicinal purposes.


You know, if, if it's something that you having an issue and you, if it makes you feel a little bit more comfortable and, and, and being able to operate and do your job on a, on a day-to-day basis, you doubt you. Who knows what you, what you could've done because you were smoking weed and doing damage and, and running like crazy. So I could just imagine, do you ever sit back and think about and have regrets and the way things turned out? Or when, and if you could, if you could re rewind the time and do it all over again, would you make a different choice as far as smoking is concerned? You know, I think about this a lot and I, the thing I think about more is the people, the, the players, the guys now in the league who, yeah, because things have changed.


Who can, who can, it's not so much pressure. And I feel like I had something to do with opening that door. And to me, that, that makes, that makes all of it worth it. And as far as regrets, and I can say this now because I've lived and I've had, and I'm living now, is I wish that I would've taken more of a advocacy role at the time is, You know, because what, what what you're saying is true. I mean, that's real. I wasn't hurting anybody. I was just taking care of myself so I could go deliver the product that they, that they were expecting me to deliver. And I, and I did. I mean, when I got to Miami and I got into my groove, You know, I let the league in Russian all pro. And so I think to me, the Lee, we go out there and put our bodies and our minds and, and our hearts on the line.


And they should give us all reasonable means to be able to take care of ourselves, to be able to do that. And I, and I wish I would've been courageous enough at the time to say that publicly, because whether people believe, believe it or not, once you say something publicly and people are hearing it, it starts the conversation. And I think, and that's what I've, I've seen, the biggest effect I've had is people can talk about this now and I'm in a right almost expecting to talk about it when I'm in the room. So it it, it makes it easier. Yeah. I I think the thing is, Ricky, is that like you, it was a stigma and the more people started to talk about it, and you started to have more prominent people, you started to have people like yourself. And you have some of the Hollywood elites start talking about it and, and, and the medicinal purposes that it have.


And it said, and, and You know, I've heard people that talk about, oh, you got no problem giving these guys shots. You got the problem giving these guy painkillers, getting them addicted to something, and then when they leave the league, they still need that and they can't get that and they're crashing out. Why can't you allow them to smoke marijuana? Calm them down, take the pain away. Because at the end of the day, they're try, they're, this is a gladiator sport. This is not a contact sport. This is a collision sport. There are no winners. There are only survivors in this game. And so if, if you are going to, hey, take this Vicodin and take this Percocet, take this, take this tour, it all, take this and that and, and, and all these anti-inflammatories, which is more, which is da more dangerous to the body, which is more harmful to the body, which is causing more harm in breaking the body down even more than this, why not have a conversation?


And I think the NFL they did open their mind, they started doing a little bit of their own research because obviously, You know, they don't wanna make sure they don't want to get sued down the line. They started doing some research and I think they came to the conclusion that you and many, many in your, in, in your area, Rick had already known. Yeah, yeah. It takes time. So I, I felt like I was a, a pioneer and, and I'm, I'm being rewarded for it now. So it feels like it's working. But see, Rick, I don't know, man, you might have been smoking that sc you, you might have been on that, that Khalifa cush you might have been that you owned that bubble. See you. If you had that on homegrown that've never showed up in your system, you coulda just been.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy covering more rural markets than many large banks. And nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracks also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now to July 15th, stock up on all your favorite personal care brands and earn four times points to use on later purchases for discounts on groceries or gas shop in store or online for items like Pantene shampoo, old Spice Total Body deodorant, Tampa packs, Pearl Venus Razors Head and Shoulder shampoo, Olay Body Wash and Pantene conditioner and earn four times points. Hurry before these deals are gone, offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Let's be honest, most of us have a love-hate relationship with Wired brass. We love the lift, but hate the digging. We love the support, but hate feeling trapped. Well, Nicks just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body not against it. Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from v-Neck to dresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every body experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nix.com for 15% off your order with free Flex 15. That's KNI x.com Code free Flex 15 for 15% off nicks.com.


This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two, can't afford Ozempic try Wegovy from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the e and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


All right, let's get to a couple topics. Brown's rookie quarterback, Shado Sanders says he will not drive cars anymore after his multiple speeding accidents this month. I don't drive no more. No more Ocho Rick do these. Are these speeding tickets being blown out of proportion? OCHO go to you first. Absolutely. I absolutely, obviously, You know, you're not supposed to speed, you're not, you're not supposed to speed based on whatever the speed limit may be. I Think you just have to be a little more cautious. You have to be a little more cautious. I I think we've all sped at some point. We've all been pulled over for a ticket at some point. Yep. You're not supposed to do it at times. People do do it based on where you are having to get somewhere, being a little late, being behind schedule or whatever it may be at, at the time.


I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm assuming you should do it with privately. I'm not sure whether it was morning, noon or night when he was stopped over. Maybe he might've been trying to get to the stadium first. Maybe he wanted to make sure he got there at certain time. Either way, hidden decision not to drive anymore or have a driver or have a, have a Uber, whatever it may be. So he doesn't get any more tickets, is a step in the right direction to make sure you don't make that mistake again. Or you can just drive like I do and never go over 60 miles an hour. What you think, Rick? It's being blown outta proportion. I, I, I don't think, I don't think so. I think it's a, I think there it is a warning sign and, and not one, not an alarm. Not an alarm, but a couple of things and I, I've been there is you gotta know when there's a lot of heat on you, You know, lay low, right?


It don't mean you always have to lay low is you gotta have that sensitivity to when the heat is on, you lay low. And here, here's the other thing I put on my psychologist hat and You know, everything that went down on draft day, You know, people, everybody around was pissed off, You know, but when I showed him on camera, he seemed cool. Right. And that's how you're supposed to be. But, but, right. I say speeding is a, is a manifestation of repressed anger. Right. It's gotta get, it is gotta get out somehow. So I I say it's, You know, it's, I say if I was a psychologist, I say it's okay to be angry. Right. It's okay to be angry. I like that. You Think you, so you think because at one point in time people thought he was gonna be the first pick in the draft or Joe, nobody thought he would get outside the top 10.


So you think, You know, you think the top three, right? Shit. Yeah, because they started to be out Cam Ward, him and Trav Dr. Turner. Yeah. So you think sometimes, so you think the speeding might be a manifestation of something that's inside. Like, man, I just gotta get this out. Just like blow some steam off and you got, You know, you got your foot deep into the gas pedal. Exactly. He's gotta it's gotta come out somehow. You gotta come out somehow. Hey, You know what's funny, Rick? Hey, when you think about it too, we talk about, I hate using the word Y in, I, I hate using it, but obvi obviously it's something that, that people use today for the, for the young fellas and anyway, when you think about it, right? Think about all the college kids at Georgia, but just in general, everybody keep getting in trouble for doing what?


Huh? Speed. You know, when you young, when you're 21, 22, 23, you, you, you have, you have a need for speed and the type of cars that they get are challengers, hail, Kats, track, Duro. Yeah. Hawks, all the stuff. Yeah. Track hawks. So I mean, it's, it's something that young folk do all the time, You know, and they just have to pick and choose when to do it and have a understanding of your surroundings, You know, whatever devices, You know, technology is so advanced now. Put what you need in your car, then let You know if there's anything around. 'cause you don't want, you don't want a mistake to happen like speeding and getting an accident and having someone pass away.


Yep. It Was better to a situ like this happened than alternatives. Yeah. The the thing is, when you are young, Ricky, and you can attest to this, when you young, you feel invincible, you really Think you can fly, you feel you can jump off a damn building. And I, you can jump off a 10 store building and I ain't gonna break ish, ain't nothing going happen. You feel invincible because that's how we are, that's how we become who we are, right? We believe that we're gonna go out there and can't nobody stop us. I'm gonna run for a thousand yards tonight. I'm gonna catch for 400 yards tonight. I'm gonna do, I'm on the court, I'm gonna score 50. I'm gonna run the track, I'm gonna break a record. You have that. That's, that's what separates us is our mindset. We really believe that we are above, not better than you just as a person, but I can do what I do better than you can do what you can do.


Yeah. That's a blessing and a curse. What do you think, Rick? I I mean I, it depends on what, if you got somewhere to put it, You know, I think that's the key. If you got somewhere to put it, it's a blessing. When you don't, it becomes a curse. And I think that's the curse because it don't stop. Right. That passion, like when we stop playing and that passion that need to conquer to prove it, don't go away. And, and if you don't have somewhere to put it, then it definitely becomes a curse. Yeah. But how do you turn it off? How do you say as I'm not now I'm driving my car, I ain't invincible no more. I go to the game I'm in, I'm invincible now. I'm invincible. I can do this. That's the thing.


It's hard to turn it up because like once you compete Yeah. It's hard to turn that. That's the thing that, that that athletes have the hardest time doing. Moving away from the game. Not all, most some, because I've been competing my whole life. O Joe, we competed in black football, Peewee, pop Warner, junior varsity, varsity college. So we've been competing, basically I'm 57, so I played football, tackle football for 26 years. I retired at 35. So since I was nine, so for 26 years I've been competing. Now all of a sudden what I'm going do, who am I competing against? Yeah. How do, how do I turn, how do I suppress that? How do I turn that off?


You pull up beside me. Oh, I'm on the treadmill. Oh, we racing. No, I'm just going, nah, you racing. You should have got up beside me. There was three treadmills over there. All over up. Me. You came to the one beside me. You running. Okay. We racing. Hey, You know what? Now that I think about it too, now, not, not to, not to go off subject a little bit. Yeah, but go ahead. Transitioning. Yeah. From that competitive nature, that competitive edge. Normally when you stop playing, I, obviously you've been, you haven't played in a very long time, but look, you didn't suppress anything. You've just taken that competitive nature that you had in football. The business you've taken tv you done took it to business. Yep. You done took it to linear television. You done took it to hell. You done took it to Nightcap. Yep. And you take me for instance, you listen, You know, my black ass love to compete.


I don't care what it is. Whether it's video games, whether it's talking trash, whether it's challenging everybody that come on this goddamn show to do something, whether I'm joking or not, You know, in the back of my mind I'm actually serious 'cause I just wanna compete. And I had that urge to find that love for what I used to do on Sundays. I gotta find somewhere else. I gotta find it somewhere else. So why not find it in everything else I'm doing in life? Well, except behind the wheel, Right? Yeah. Everybody don't get the opportunities that we got to go to television and do podcasting and do things like that. Some people, You know, my brother, he was like, he got into golf. Yeah. Because it's, it is hard to turn. It's when you, when you do something for such a long period of time, it's hard to stop it.


That's why addiction is hard, You know? Because think about it, most people don't be, you don't become addicted one time you've been doing it for an extended period of time and now you're like, I mean, oh man, what, what am I, I can't drink. I can't smoke, I can't go, I can't gamble, Man. What, What I, man, I can't play football Ocho man, I can't game no more. Well man, what, what the, what, what am I gonna do? What, what am I do with this energy that I got Ocho because I used to burn it off practicing. I used to burn it off in the game. I used to burn it off where I'm, we going to meet and I'm with the guys now what do I do with that energy that I got? Nowhere to got, nowhere to put it.


That's a good one. Yeah. And I like that word. You just used the word you just used addiction. Yeah. You having an addiction. Now, I, I forgot, I forgot the statistic. They say I might be wrong or correct me if I'm right Rick or uncle, if You know it takes 30 days to create a habit or am I, am I tripping? That's What they say. Yeah. 30 days. Yeah. It, it it 30 days to create a habit, but it takes forever to get rid of the habit. Hey Unc, I'm, I'm not sure if you have an addiction, but, but Ricky, for you, for some of you love to smoke weed for whatever reason, do you think it's an addiction? And if you had to stop, could you stop if need be? Well, it's a hypothetical question. So you, you have to gimme like a real situation where I would, where I would have to stop. Like if I went to the doctor.


The doctor Exactly. If I went to the doctor or a doctor said, it is not good for your lungs, you need to stop. Yes, I can stop. Okay. Okay. Okay. Ricky, did you ever, did you ever vape? No. Hold on. Never got into vaping? No. Okay. The NFL at once was trying to re devalue the running back positions. Do you think the season last year that the running back had Sequan, Barkley, Derrick Henry, Jamir Gibbs, Josh Jacobs, Joe Mixon. Do you think the running back position Rick is, is back in vogue? Now? It's not back to like when, when we played, but it's back. But, but it's back.


It is back from a, from the past couple years. It is, right? It is. Yeah. Yeah. And not, not only is it back though, right, but it's, it's, it's back for the tier one running backs. You know that select few that you just named? Obviously you left Christian McCaffrey out because he was Andrew last year. But with those players that you just named that that the meat and potatoes of the tier one running backs, if they can consistently, if they can consistently change the dynamic and the way owners and GMs view that position, then they will continue to always be able to, to get top dollar at their position regardless of how they feel about them be valued. Because that means they're that much more important to an offense despite it being a pass happy league.


Right. But you, you young, you gotta be one of the best though. Yeah. Yeah. One the best. I, I agree. But I even think, I even think that has a limit because of injuries. I'm telling you, I I've seen it. My, it was my, my second year in, in New Orleans, week 10, my thousand, my thousand yard of week 10 and broke my ankle. Right? I saw the look on my coach's face and I kind of, it looked like I will never depend on a running game again. I could see it. Mm, I can see it because every now it's traumatic. So I think it'll, it'll go up. But I think, You know, invariably somebody's gonna get hurt and then it'll kind of come back down. It'll go up. Right. It'll come back down.


And I, I think one of the ways we would've known the running back position was back is say, come on, what A wall, the mvp. Woo. Yeah. Your team wins a Super Bowl and you run for $2,000 and you don't want an MVP. Like Yeah, I think Adrian Peterson was the last guy to win the MVP. Wasn't it a the running back? Yeah. Yeah. I mean it used to be, it used to be. I mean, look, you can win the MVP, I mean the year Eric Dickerson ran for 2105, he didn't win MVP because Dan Marino threw for 5,000 yards and 48 touchdowns. Yeah. So you could, you're like, okay, 5,048 touchdowns. Oh yeah, yeah. That's the MVP. We know Ed ran for 2105, but now it's kinda like the same thing with the in, in the college, unless a back has a Barry Sanders type season, because these quarterbacks are throwing for 5,000 yards and 50 touchdowns on ocho.


And if you go back and look at the court, the running backs that had successful season, look at the quarterback, Jalen Hurts won the Super Bowl. Yeah. Lamar Jackson was a two time league. MVP. You look at Joe Mixon, he has CJ Stro Jam, Jamir Gibbs, he had Jerry go, you look at Josh Jacobs, he had Jordan Love. So you go look at, so the days of you just, oh, I gotta run back. You better have a quarterback quarter. Yeah. Because if your quarterback is not a threat, oh they gonna take, they gonna take that running back away. I'm going to make me, I am going to make you beat me with your B option. You will not beat me with your A option. Yeah.


And well, we'll see, we'll see if this is a tri, if this thing is trending up or last year was just an anomaly season because You know, you gotta, oh Joe, you don't know how to get, they get, they make running backs. Do it for an extended period of time. See, only quarterback have one good year. Oh, we gotta pay him. Yeah. Running backs. They gotta put it together 2, 3, 4, 5 years. Yeah. I mean they Also injury. Drew Reed says his right arm does not work due to football injuries. Drew said he suffers from degenerative shoulder, all kinds of arthritic changes. When I throw in the backyard right now, I throw left-handed. I think that was the, You know what that was the shoulder that he tried to jump, jump on a fumble and his arm went all the way around.


'cause John, wait sec almost. Yeah. In San Diego. Yep. His last year in San Diego. Rick, do you have any lasting injuries? Do you have anything that, that prohibits you from doing things that you look, we all as we get, look, we not gonna be perfect as we get old because everybody think, man, you should feel it. Nothing should, ain't like you did when you was in your twenties. Nah bro, you 45 and 50 and 60 years old, it's gonna hurt. Do you have any lasting injuries or, or things that bother you now, Rick, You know, every once in a while my neck and my shoulder will flare up. I'll get that stinging pain down my, yeah. Down my shoulder. It'll last maybe a week, then it'll go away. Probably happens couple, couple times. A couple times a year.


You pull out one of you, when you pull out one of em things like, yeah man, I don't, nothing, nothing hurts brother. Irie brother. Okay. I can't, I can't say that. I can't say, I can't say that I, I really just have this neck and shoulder thing. Right. But, You know, but it is. But I'll tell you though, if, if I don't do, if I don't do some kind of yoga or q young or tai chi or meditation for three or four days, then I, I feel like I'm 80 years old. It's always T Chi something I have to say, I have to stay on on on top of Tai pretty much every day. Tai chi is soft karate. Hey, What exactly Yeah, you got air. What? It's, Hey, what the, What the hell? I I know a yo I know a yoga.


What the hell is Tai chi it? That's to show you. Yeah. Yes. Make it part of me. Do it, do it again. It's, it's for real. That's that's Tai chi. Yeah. That's, You know, yeah. They be, it's kinda like, it's more meditative than known as a soft karate. Yeah. You know, a soft karate, that's what they call Titus. Yes. One way to think about it is you move so slowly that you start to feel every single little muscle and ligament and tendon that's doing the movement. So it it wakes it up because, You know, when you get stiff, it just, I mean, use it or lose it. I, I heard old people say that. I didn't believe it until, until I got old.


And it's true. So I gotta do something and I, and I can't really lift weights and I don't wanna lift weights and I don't really wanna run. So yoga and Tai chi chi gun will the perfect one. Hey, Now, now that's exciting. Now I might wanna try that. I'll try some Ty some, some some Tatcha. Yeah. TT yeah. I like that. I Bet you'll love it. You'll love it. Yeah. Okay. He ain't gonna love it. I bet you he will watch. Why he, he ain't gonna be hung to watch. He's A thing. Hey Rick, I can't, I can't. They talk about Pilates, You know, they talk about yoga. Like, I can't sit still Rick. I got to be, I got be moving. Yeah. I got to be moving. I gotta do something. So as long as when you moving so slow, as he said, it is not like a fast, it's not like Kung fu or Jetson Kon or, or nothing like that.


Right. It's really slow. All the, the movement, the movements are deliberate. Right. So all the energy, it goes into the focus. It's still movement and you still are using energy. But as you, as you do more and more and get better, you literally start to feel everything in your body. Okay. Okay. Okay. You know, I Think you don't like it. Yeah. Tai Chi. Yeah. Lamar Jackson went off on Eagle fan. A Eagle fan on Instagram. When the the f have I ever complained? Just say we have a solid on paper roster so far, that's all other ish not called for you don't play for the Eagle. Little bro. Continue to be a fan of the game.


Yeah, yeah. I talk, Hey, talk. See this what we see what I told you about telling the truth. Huh? You see what I'm saying? See, open it up. You see how players are open it up. Now we talk about Lamar Jackson, someone who rarely talks, You know, he, he's, he's not one that is very voiceless at times. He talks to the media because it's, he's obligated to contractually. But I like seeing stuff like this Eagles fans, I love Eagles fans. Hell, I love the goddamn Eagles themselves. But I love players that at times clap back and try to put fans in their place. Because listen, you are a fan of the team, a fan of the game, but you don't play. We, You know, you don't play. Everyone has an opinion. Everyone has been afforded a platform and voice because of social media.


So I'm glad players are taking the onus to let fans know, let's stay in your place. I think it's cool. I like it. Yeah. I think it's, I think it's an art. It's an art to plant back without feeling like you taking it personally. You know, it's more like you, you draw the line in the sand. I like it. I like it. Oh, where you at? Hey Rick. What, what part? What park you, you say you in Dallas? No, I'm in northern California up. Oh, up in the mountains. Yeah. You In the mountains. Up in the mountains. Yep. Hold on. What y'all got? Y'all got animals out there? We don't got animals, but there's a goat and a horse.


Two goats and the horse Two horses next door. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. I like that. I thought you'd be out, be out there hunting. Okay. Okay. Hmm. I never been hunting before. I tried to go hunting one time, trying to go duck hunting one time, but I, I think I watched too many movies. So every time I, I pulled up the shotgun and I cock it. Yeah. And Michelle would, would jump out, fly out. Hey, what you cock it for? They supposed be already loaded. Rick, you just been Fired. I've seen too in movies. I thought, You know, Nah, nah, You know. Nah, you ejecting the shell. You ejecting the shell if you do that. That's Exactly what happened. It happened like five times. Yeah. I, Rick, I'll be honest with you, I don't Think you got the heart to really kill a animal.


That's part why it happened five times. Yeah. I think, I think that's the mechanism to make sure you don't go through with that act. Yeah, I think that's exactly. Hey Rick, that's a good thing that you do have that mindset of the fact not being able to kill animal. Because my grandma always told me, if you can kill a animal, you can kill a human. You know, step, step. Stepping on ants. Stepping on, stepping on roaches. I never used to do that. I always used, used to catch them and place him outside so they can go home and be free. Mm. Yeah. Well, They weren't paying rent, so I'm killing him. Be killing hey, killing squirrels. He Be no Used To kill squirrels. Hey, they catching fish.


How you think the fish feel? How do you think the fish feel where people go fishing? Didn't, didn't the Didn't about a habitat. Didn't Jesus feed a a a flock of people with fish? You Sure did. And bread too. Oh. Oh, he had four what? 40 loaves and two fish? No, it was two fish and Six. Wait, think It was Six? What? Think it was six loaves And six loaves of bread. Hey, I don't know. I gotta haul at Jesus. Boy. I'm trying to see how you feed, how you, how you feed that many people with two goddamn fish. Now how you gotta show me? Well, if you keep living right, you might go, you might have a conversation with him and he might be able to show you. Mm. You keep living foul. He have to turn you away.


No, but listen, listen, I listen, I straight Now, now, right? Yeah. I'll walk by faith. You hear me? That's all we Can do. You know, it's, You know you that young, You know it's 10 commandments, right? Yes. I got eight of 'em down pat. Mm. Boy. The brother too hard. They hard. Huh? He said faith. But if faith In what? Me? Yeah. Faith in what? Oh, Rick, I got, I got faith in doing right. Hmm. I got, I got faith in doing right at any time. At any time I backslide I ask for forgiveness and get right back on track. Okay. Now, now once you backslide, you have for forgiveness, you can't backslide again now, Well I ain't gonna do it, but they one, one thing, one thing that say in the bible, it say, come before me after thou mistake it.


Make a mistake. And I just do just that.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway, it's oral care month, which means you can earn four times points on all your favorite oral care brands. Now through July 15th. Shop in store or online for items like Colgate toothpaste, Listerine mouthwash, crest mouthwash or toothpaste, Sensodine toothpaste. Hello Toothpaste or GUM flossers and earn four times points. Points can be redeemed for future discounts on gas or groceries. Offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Let's be honest, most of us have a love hate relationship with wired bras. We love the lift, but hate the digging. We love the support, but hate feeling trapped. Well, nix just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body not against it. Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that move when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from V next to Dresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every body experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nicks.com for 15% off your order with free Flex 15. That's KNI x.com Code free Flex 15 for 15% off nx.com.


This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two, can't afford Ozempic Try Wegovy from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the e and start Losing weight this week. Future health Weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Miami has always had an explosive offense. You were part of many prolific Backfields, Ricky now Miami, have h Chan, Tyreek and Waddle. Is this the year Miami gets over the hump? If Tua can stay healthy, yes. That's, That's where every, that's, that's Always the, that's always the question with Miami League, we saw when TU stay healthy, they went to the playoffs. So if Tua can stay healthy fans up. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, Unc fans up. Huh? Fans up. We gonna win the AFC East. How about that? What Buffalo go where they move Buffalo to who? B. Where they move the bills to? The bills Not no longer needs. Listen, Lemme tell you something.


Lemme tell you how the, lemme tell you how the a FC work is gonna work this year. Okay? The Buffalo bills are gonna have to come to the Dolphins when it's time for the playoffs, right? We're gonna win the games that matter most. So we have home field advantage and we don't have to take our ass to the goddamn cold in late December or January and have to play them goddamn bills in the cold. Hmm. That's the problem with us. We ain't won a game in the cold weather, which has been our kryptonite since 1958. But guess what? It's cold in Baltimore. It's cold in Kansas City. It's cold in Buffalo. Those are three teams I will suspect if I had to, you had make me wager some money that meant something to me. And if it's my money, it means something to me that I think they're gonna have better records than Miami.


So with that being said, y'all probably gonna have to take y'all ass on the road again. Yep. Can I tell you something too? Yeah. You know what hurts, You know what hurts my heart too, Rick? And the fact that there, there, there, there rumblings, there's discussions that a trade might be happening, You know, with Jalen Ramsey. They, they're, they're trying to do work out, whatever it may be. I'm not sure why you would want to get rid of a player of that magnitude, who is well within his rights, still very good at what he does, especially in man to man. I, I, I, I don't, I don't understand what's going on for us. The Dolphins in itself and, and, and management and owners and, and Mike McDaniel. I'm not sure what's going on in that area in the A FC East you got a lot of good receivers.


Yeah. A lot of good receivers. And you need a, a, a locked down corner like Jalen Ramsey who's in, who's been an all pro, who's been to the Pro Bowl to, to lock down one side or at least give you a chance. You know, and that's no disrespect to the other defensive backs that's, that's on that team. But this is someone that is proven at the position. But I, my my thing is, why, why not trade him in the off season? Why not trade him during the draft? Why the hell people getting ready to go to training camp now? Why you trying to train him now? I don't think it's gonna happen. If it hasn't happened by now, I don't think it's gonna happen. I don't think it's gonna happen until somebody gets hurt. Yeah, true. Yeah. You gotta remember he has a, he has a base of 20 Me, I, I don't think anyone anyone wants to take on that, that base going go on on as a Team.


Well, I think the thing is OO Ocho is that if you trade somebody get hurt, you're gonna have to, You know, take on that kind of salary. Right? But I just think the thing is, is that it, it made more sense to me. This is not something that just popped up out of the blue. You probably knew you wanted to trade him after the season ended, so now you start working in that direction. Okay. Probably not gonna be able to get maximum value. You might have to get up off him for a fourth round pick. I know you want more and he deserves more. Right. What you deserve and what somebody's willing to trade for. They know you want to get rid of something. I'm not giving you market value for it. If I know you wanna get rid of it, don't you? Right. You, you right. You're right. I know a good place for him too.


Now, You know, the cheap ass Bengals ain't gonna pay no money. I, I wasn't, listen, you see, I wasn't even for the, say the Bengals, but I, I mean, for them, for these fans that that have that they, they waited for 30 years. They waited for 30 years and I think it would be a huge improvement. He looked what the Ravens did and going to get Jaire Alexander. Yeah. And boast for 6 million. Jalen Ramsey cost him 20 million. And that's a one year deal. Right. And Jalen Ramsey probably got three more years on that deal. You right. But I was just thinking about Jalen over there with that star on his helmet in Jerry's world or at t Stadium. I I'm, I'm just, I'm just throwing it, I'm just throwing it out there. They've already boasted the offense. So why not go and add another piece on defense and solidify that corner position.


Go on. Jerry Jones coulda got Derrick Henry for $8 million. You mean to tell me he gonna go spend $20 million on a corner? Hold on. Think about what you just said. The running back position that owners don't really value, especially Jerry Jones. You know, he don't care nothing about that. That's Derek Henry. See, you see, I, I love the way you said that. You said that with enthusiasm. You said up with enthusiasm when you think is not the way he thinks. Right. The one check don't things like that. And that's the problem. When the last time Jerry spent big money in free agency. See when the last time Jerry won a Super Bowl. I'm, I'm just trying to tell be, go ahead. Nah, I see. Hey, two a two things can be true. Yes. Now it's the thing to pay. You know, he, Jared believes in drafting.


Jared does not believe in paying guides or, or giving up draft capital to bring a guy in. I think the last guy they traded for probably was Roy Williams. They gave up. 'cause think about it. They gave up two first round picks for joint Galloway. They gave up two fourth round picks for Roy Williams from the, the Lions. Yes sir. And it didn't work out well for him. Yeah. Yeah. You right. So you f this the one time, it did work out well for him. They got time, they won a Super Bowl. Yeah. But time is a generational talent. Yes he is. Rick, Thanks so much for joining us tonight. Tell the chat where they can find you at on social media. Yeah, so I'm and I Williams of Colorado Orta and Ricky, Ricky Williams and all our x Alright. Alright, bro, come back when you, when they, when you going back to fight Texas about that marijuana law, come back and tell us how you doing.


I sure Will. Thank You. Appreciate you, bro. All right. All right, Rick, Take care. Yeah. Alright. Chad. Yo Ocho, look at this. Hey, Guess what? It says Ocho, it says Nightcap Show 2025 podcast of the year. Shannon Sharpe and Chad Johnson. Hey. Hey. I like that. I like that. Hey, I, I've been, I I've been working on my French too. I've been working on my Hey, send me ac send me my, send me my award. Unfortunately, I'm not gonna be able to do that on Joe. Hey, why not? Hey, Guess. Hey. Guess what, What? Guess where the webby iss coming. Where We in my money? We in my money.


Hey, I like that. I like that you Owe me 5,900 and you get your awards. Wait, 59 Hyundai, that Bonjour? Yeah, I need that. Hey Jim, be out. What? What's up? What Jim is you Hey Jim, you upside down. What's up? Hold on. How I go? They told Me. Turn the sideways. I'm better now. Nah, you better now? Yeah, you definitely better now. Alright. What would they do? T Twin. What's Up man? How you doing? Done been in this gym. You know, I'm looking rocked up like I just did. 17. Yeah, We gotta stay in there. We gotta stay in there. Alright guys.


Jim Jones is joining us as Ocho with bringing him in. Jim, how you doing bro? How you feeling? My brother. You good? Yeah, I'm good man. Life is good. God is good. I can't complain. Yeah. So talk to us a little about this music thing. You've been in this thing for a minute now. So talk about Jim Jones of 20 years ago. Jim Jones today. Have you noticed anything different in the music industry? Have you noticed, have you tried to do anything different with your sound to keep up with the way the industry is headed? Oh yeah. The Industry, the industry has changed tremendously. From, from when I started. It wasn't no social media for, for, for, for one.


Yeah. When I started in 2003 with my first first deal and even before that when Cam started with his deal. So these kids got a bit of advantage when it comes to marketing the promo that we didn't have. They had access to a lot of information that we didn't have. A lot of people say it's, it works against us, but I think it works for us in, in watching the way that these kids work in, in the present day, things like that. I've learned a lot from them, from how they carry their music, from how they sell their music and from how they market and promote their music. Us as being here for so too long, for, for, for so long. We seen, we tend to get caught up in our dinosaur ways from yesterday. Yes. How they carry artists, but that's not the way they carry artists today. So they're platinum artists that have their nose up because they're big platinum artists.


But that don't count in today's society. They don't carry it the same way. So what I've chose to do is always chose to try to reinvent myself, but not to the point where I'm chasing, but there's a medium not reach. 'cause I always want to teach these kids, but I always wanna learn something also. So, You know, that and, and, and then, and what reinvent yourself. You gotta be willing to be disciplined to know what direction you want to go in when it comes to reinventing yourself. You know what I mean? One of the things I credit do is the gym. The gym is one of the biggest attributes to me being able to sustain this long in the game. Sustainability is a, is is a motherfucker. Jim, lemme ask you this. And I, and I see this a lot and a lot, especially in, in music. And I see this with in television and entertainment actors, actresses.


It's like, man, every record that he put out, it sounds the same. Okay. He does something different, man. He don't sound like the old guy. He don't sound like he used to. Okay. An actors, they try actor actors, they try to do a different role than what we're used to seeing. Man, I like when he did that. I don't like, I don't like this new. So you want the guy change. You want the individual to change and give you something different. And when they give you something different, you say they don't sound the same and you don't like it. So how does someone win? Now the person that, that I have the utmost respect for, and what she's been able to do is Beyonce. Beyonce is as big as you can get in one genre. And she says, You know what, I'm gonna go over here and I'm gonna do this.


I mean, it takes some book, takes it takes some guts, Jim to do that. I mean, she, like Michael Jordan, when Michael Jordan left the NBA and went to the, to the NBL, the major league and MLB Major League, league Play baseball, played Baseball. He had to have a lot of guts. You know what I mean? Like, same with like Dion Neon Dion when he was playing football and playing baseball and being successful at the same time in both, in both of them sports. I mean, and that takes a lot of heart. And I don't, I haven't seen anybody else do that successfully the way that Beyonce has has done it. So I I tip my hat to the barriers that she continue to break inside of this music industry. Yeah. Hey, Jimmy, what, what you think right now about the state of, the state of hip hop, where, where it is right now, how do you feel about it?


Especially with, with the young dudes with the sound now, obviously I think the, when it comes to, to rap in, in general hip hop in general, I think the sound changes every 10 years. How, what do you, how do you feel about this era of, of hip hop right now that we're in? Do you like it? Have you embraced it? What, I mean, my, in my opinion, it doesn't matter because I had my time where we were dictating the sound of music and we had a ball and there were older people that was hating on the time that we had and things like that. I encourage these youngsters to be as creative as, as they can, as long as it's connecting with the, the, the crowd and the people are singing your shit and they going to your, to your shows, then who am I to say I don't like that music when they out here spanking shit?


You know what I mean? You dig? Yeah. So it's like, you gotta find, you gotta stay true to yourself, but find your rhythm in the mix of what's going on else. You gonna be lost in the sauce or you gonna be looking like an old dude. You gonna be looking like a has been you going be, you understand? I'm not into that. My energy ain't for that. You heard if I'm gonna be a contender in this game, I'm gonna play at the top, at the top of my ability to play. You know what I mean? I'm not going take no shortcuts or nothing. I'm in it, I'm in it. That mean I gotta contend with the younger boys. I gotta contend with older boys. So that means I gotta come through stepping. They only respect violence and not to say violence, but You know what I mean. Like, they gotta see that shit you dig. Right. While I'm in the game, I'm gonna show 'em that shit. Like, people don't get it twisted. Like I'm, I'm a man of many, many different things. Like my rapper hat is one hat is one hat that I wear.


But if I'm rapping and I'm in it, I'm in it. What's up? I'm going against all s and, and what I gotta do to maintain a be a contender in this game, to keep feeding my family and making the money that I make off this, You know what I mean? I think people get that twisted when they see me talking and popping my shit and shit like that. That's just one character that I gotta put out there for you y'all to eat up. You know what I mean? But I'm, I'm How and what? Matter of fact, hold on, on I got go ahead. I'm gonna ask you. I'm gonna let you go on. I just, I'm, I, I saw some, I saw some comments. I saw a clip about, You know, and you, and push, I'm not sure if you, and push, You know, got any type of beef or whatever. I just saw something about you, You know, talking about the Ace trumpets. You, you didn't like, you didn't like the album, you didn't like the song, You know, Woody raps about it.


I it's not believable. I I don't got no beef, no beef with it. I don't got no beef with nobody. Y Okay, okay, okay. I'm just asking half It, it half of it is my opinion. Half of it, it is me bringing the algorithm. Half it, it is feeding into people's simplicity because the social media is for that. You know what I mean? Yes sir. Sir. And like I said, yes sir, I'm a rapper in this game. It comes with the territory. You gotta be very competitive. It's a very competitive sport. And you better have some thick skin. I ain't say nothing. I want to hurt nobody or do nothing to nobody. Everything I, I've been talking about strictly about the art world when it comes to the music nowadays, now, maybe 10 years ago, 15 years ago, it would've been a different outcome of what I was, You know what I mean? What I was projecting. Right, right, right. But I'm not on that.


And I think a lot of that gets twisted in with the Jim Jones of today and things like that. I ain't got no problem with nobody. I ain't got no, I ain't got no option, no nothing. And You know, I, it's parts of me that I've been working on every day. So tell sometimes IIII talk way too fast than I should. You heard? But it's part of the game. Who? I don't care. You dig? I hate it. I love it. I'm gonna turn it into a, into a victory for meals. Yes sir. Check this out, Jim. It seems to me, since this past summer, well past last summer when Kendrick had that desk, it seems like now people are just like, yo, hey, we saw the success that Kendrick had got five Grammys, he hosted the, You know, halftime show, the Super Bowl, blah, blah, blah.


We see a lot more dissing going on. Is that what we, is that where we are headed now Danny, where you been at? You don't remember Tupac? You see the success that Tupac had? Yeah. But you see the success. What about Omo? What about Kupu? Jake, this thing, this is a competitive sport. The rap is built on that. So Kendrick and Drake having what they have was no surprise to the rap industry. I mean, people look at it as something, but this is what the art of rap is about. It's a very competitive sport and you gotta be ready to be on top of your game when it comes to that. So if you put something out, you gotta be ready for the same energy to come back at you. That's what rap is about. Some people don't go down that lane, some people go around that lane, some people go right through it.


I'm one of the people that go right through it. Won Loser Draw. I keep the same face, Bro. Hold on. Hold on. Jim. Jim, bro, I I I'm not looking for you to come at me. I put you on, remember I used to have you on my, I used to have, I used to use the tour with me. You used to open up for me, bro. You know, you remember that right? You know when, when nobody was booking you, you remember that deal? You heard this song, you heard this, you heard this saying, when rivals, I mean, idols become your rivals. That's what the rap game is about. Did, did Alan Allison hesitate to shake Michael Jordan up when he got in the NBA? No. Yeah, he crossed His ass up. Okay. 'cause he was on another team that might not stop the love he had for Mike. But while we on this battlefield, my team gotta win.


And I'm willing to kill anybody that's in front of me for my team to win. And that was Alan Allison's attitude. You gotta understand what happens when you come into this game. Your idols become your rivals. There's no passes. When we on the other team, we meet you at the party, we can laugh, pop champagne, but right now, while we on this field, while we on this court, oh, I'm coming to scrape shit Up. No, we can't pop no more champagne. You got people laughing at me. And guess what? They playing at the football game? They play the basketball game. Not like us. Oh no, we can't pop no champagne after that. You, hey. Oh, as a matter of fact, I'm gonna close the club down. Hey, if he hey, if he coming, I ain't coming. I mean, but I just told you that's what it is. It's competitive sport now you gotta, it, it, it, it, it got different levels to it and things like that. But that's what this was built on.


You heard. So it's, it's, it's, it's sad that it gotta go to such a lengths when it comes to artists getting at each other when it comes to the music. But what, what you project is what you gonna get. So just have that same energy you put out there. 'cause somebody coming right back at you with that same energy sooner or later. Well, lemme ask you go, lemme ask you one more question though, Joe. So are we gonna get some new music? Because we saw you and Cam kind of going back and forth. Is the Dipset coming back? Y'all gonna link up together and give us some new music? Yes or no? I, right now I'm worried about myself. Dipset is always dipset. The birds still fly high. I've been having a bird on my back for the past 15 years when nobody was worried about it.


You think so? That's gonna go. But right now, I gotta worry about me. I gotta worry about my endeavors. I gotta worry about my business. I gotta worry about my family. You dig? I've done a lot for diploma mess where it didn't did me nothing at the time. But right now where I'm at in my life, what, what works for me and what I'm worried about is myself. I can't tell you what the future may hold or what the future may bring. I'm not taking nothing off the table, you think. But right now it's about Jim general spending. Yeah. I am a diplomat owner. Bet. Go ahead O Joe. Like that. Listen, I I, you took the question I I was finna ask and I think, I think, You know what, history repeats itself. Jimmy History always repeats itself. And most of the time when history repeats itself, it comes back even bigger and better. I think diplomats is gonna have, they gonna have reunion.


I think y'all boys gonna reunite. And despite your differences, despite whatever situations y'all might have, You know, all that can be fixed behind closed doors. That ain't nothing but a conversation that just got to be had or a check, especially when you making that money Or a check. You a, a nice check always calms things down. You heard I'm not a stupid man, you heard you dig, but I understand that. But right now, where I'm at until that happens is until some business get put on the table, which advantageous for all sides right now, I gotta worry about what capo ISS doing. And it's been working for me that way. You know what I mean? I've been staying outta everybody's way a little bit. You know what I mean? Trying to, every day, every day, every day I work on me. Every day I get better and things like that. You think I'm not, I I'm unapologetic.


You dig? And I don't have no aggressions. You know me, but I do, I do work on myself every day. You know what I mean? I'm not a perfect man. Yeah, you did it. But I'm the perfect example of what could happen if you stay down till you come up. And that's what I did plenty of times, Jim. Like, look, you one of the OGs rap, I mean, hip hop is 50 years of age. You've been in this thing two decades. I ain't 50, I'm 48. I said hip hop Oh is 50. I thought you was shooting it at me. My bad. Nah, nah, nah. Hip hop is 50. But you've been in this thing for two decades, right? I've been in this thing since, yes. It's a little bit more than that since 1997. I came, got its first deal. So I'm like 28 years in into two. Okay, so almost three decades. Yeah, a hundred percent.


And I been signed. So lemme ask you, I've been signed, I've been signed my first deals two decades ago. How do you determine who you, how do you determine who you work with now when you wanna work with the young artist? How do you go about that? How do you be like, man, I I kinda like him. I think we can make some beautiful music together. I mean, I hold no prejudice. I, I'm looking for great music and I'm looking, looking for great aesthetic Music isnt everything in today's world when it comes to music. If you've got a lifestyle that you could sell, these kids could buy into that. That's just as good as having a great hit song and things like that. And, and that's how it worked for me. So it's a combinations of things that I look for to work with the artists, also to do business with the artists. But as far as doing music with the artists and things like that, I'm obviously, I, I'm the lover of music.


So if I hear a record that I hit and I think it's dope, and I think the artist is dope, I'm, I'll reach out to him. How do you stay motivated? Y'all mute? We lost him. Yep. I think we lost him. Oh damn. That was, that was good. I was enjoying that, bro. Hey, I'm thinking, I'm thinking, I'm thinking about, I'm thinking about rapping, man. Shoot man. Huh? What you think Ocho what you gonna rap about now? Ocho? Who? Me? Yeah. Hey, I mean, I'm just saying, I'm gonna rap about things that, that I've experienced in life.


You know, that, that that's the, that's the best thing to rap about. That's what most rappers, they, they rap about the things that they've experienced. You know, the ups, the downs, the goods, the bads, You know, the, the Ws, the Ls. I, I, I think I could put it together. You think so? Oh, there we go. Oh, you back? Oh yeah. He look like a Oh yeah, you look like a French painter With a little bit of biggie From Brooklyn with that all you heard. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, Hey, I just came, I just came from the south of France. I was down there for six days, so I just got back Yesterday. Oh. Oh. That's the vibe. You still spill. You Still still. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You know, so, so, I'm, I'm still, I'm, I'm still on my, on my suave. My sua Yeah. You still stealing that shit? I get it. I Get it.


Yeah. I'm happy. I get it. I'm on that. Jim, What at, at, at at, at this juncture of the game, what keeps you motivated? What gets Jim makes Jim jump out of bed, press down hard as he can and press go. What, what keeps you going? I will say the money, but I've been making money for a long time. And the opportunity to take care of my family. I've been doing that for a long time at this point. I've been doing a lot. So I've been, my mission has been to give back more than I took. But I was able to take a lot and I'm still taking. So that's where I'm at in life right now. You know what I mean? I'm the, the more blessed people, the more I get blessed, man. It is just a testament of hard work and being resilient and, and, and being real with yourself.


You know what I mean?


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway, it's oral care month, which means you can earn four times points on all your favorite oral care brands. Now through July 15th. Shop in store or online for items like Colgate toothpaste, Listerine mouthwash, crest mouthwash or toothpaste, Sensodine toothpaste. Hello Toothpaste or GUM flossers and earn four times points. Points can be redeemed for future discounts on gas or groceries. Offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Let's Be honest, most of us have a love-hate relationship with wired bras. We love the lift, but hate the digging. We love the support, but hate feeling trapped. Well Nix just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body not against it. Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from V-Neck to dresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every body experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nicks.com for 15% off your order with free Flex 15. That's KNI x.com Code free Flex 15 for 15% off ns.com.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Parti Can't Afford Ozempic Try Wegovy from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the e and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Can I ask you a question? Jim? You smoke, right? Yep. When you smoking, when you say you better than nas? I might've been a little bit. Well as far as let's, let's get this right. I'm way more influential than Nas and I don't care what nobody say. I know I made it. I know I made a little boo boo. When you talk about the sales and all this type of shit, I don't feel like getting into that rhetoric about where I started and where he started. Well you said that fool. But listen, but listen. Nas was nice when I was in high school. When I was in seventh grade. Nas came out. Nas was dope. We appreciated him. He had a little bit of run, but Nas always came up second to J and DMX and these other people. Like he never, he Ain't no shame at that. Didn't Mo came second to Tom Brady. He never had that type of influence on us except for his first album. I already told you I used to wanna dress like Nas 'cause he had a lot of fresh clothes that the hustlers used to wear and shit.


And we used to see him on tv. He had one of the illest albums of all time. And then in high school when he had the barbecue and shit like that, I said, I'm a real fan of Na. But he kinda lost me after be the movie belly and shit like that. Like it, I don't, Man, go ahead on with that. G I'm trying to tell you. I'm being honest you, when you asking me being, I'm being a fan. I'm telling you from a, the movie Belly was fired, but after that he kind of lost me. I don't think, I think we was way too much into the game. Remember how this goes? Let's not, you ever heard of a goofy list? Yeah. Yo, go back into your history and find out what happened between us and them. You did. Again, I'm not trying to repeat history, but don't play with us when it comes to that, bro. We already went, went, went, went, went wild on them boys. You heard we the ones that went wild on them boys. You heard. Hey, hey, hey Jim.


You know, and, and people out here acting like I said, I'm gonna bring the goofy list back. I just told you I'm gonna change man. Step law. Can You dig? Nah, look, I'm, I'm, I'm put like this here Jim. Hey bro, you been at this thing but lyrically I'm gonna be, I'm gonna keep it a stack with you. Yeah, but look, everything How you dress, you don't even be in the same places I be in. And the thing that listen to me, I can be in the church house. You can't, you can't e no lyric the thing that We, the thing, I dunno who told you that? Now look, You know you that good stuff we listen to, but you not seeing Nas, you're not seeing Nas not a bunch of 40. Lets you got a bunch of 40 and 50 year olds in they panties. Because I said I I'm better than our It don't matter. Look at you. Look at you. Ain't Nobody, Ain't nobody from di take you ain nobody from the man, But you showed Hold, Hold tight Jimmy.


You wanna go back to mean it. I really mean it started. We could go back to bro, you even Say That. Don't do that bro. That shirt up for na that I I a question That Naz for itself and meet me in a booth with something. If we wanna do something historical, Say he don't do that no more. Na say he don't do That because he got a hundred million dollars. He's a very wealthy man. You heard. He is a very smart businessman. He caught a couple Conflict. Hold on, hold on Jimmy. Hold on. I got a question. Unc. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on Jim. Hold on, hold on. Unc, I got a question. What? And this, this Jimmy and anything that you do right Unc I've heard you preach it all, all the time. Right? When you was playing football, you, your first thing you always say, ain't nobody here better than me.


Ah, Tell tell 'em again mentality. You, you told me that story. Wait, Listen to me. Fuck. Think I'm the fuck you think I'm gonna be second. Hold on. Hold anybody in this world. Hold on Jimmy. Hold, hold on. Jimmy, Jimmy, let let me Jimmy, stay with me real quick. Stay with me now. Oh stay with me now. But I'm just saying that mentality, isn't that how you supposed to feel? Isn't that how you supposed to feel? You know? So lemme ask you a question. When you was on the field, you thought you was better than Toto and Moss? Hell yeah. What You mean stop. It ain't Say out Loud. You done came on here and say I ain't better than Moss. I'm not better than to, I'm not better than Rice. You said that. I'm I'm not playing the game no more. But You wasn't playing when you was playing. That's the difference. I'm Jim, why you I'm still playing.


You need to get with the I'm still playing. Jayna Done Y'all in the process. I'm I'm still playing. I'm still playing at a high level. You better check my record. You jumping and I'm still playing. You need to go Back and get Done Y'all. I'm rapping at a high level. You better check my stats bro. I want, I will Down Around Nas rapping. Right? I will run circles around Nas rapping right now. Na the game. Na. Put his microphone up. Take my mic off. I would sat around Nas right now rapping. Everybody knows that. You heard that's talking About the past. That that he, he put it down. He said it. I'll Run laps around Nas rapping right now bro. Jim, I'm You talking right now but I'm talking when y'all you Couldn't see it.


I'm still in it that out. Cam was smoking his boots. I wasn't rapping when he was rapping but Cam really got at him. You remember? I really mean it. We've been getting at them boys. But this is not about that right now. 2025. I'm in the game still rapping at a high capacity. If Nas wants to smoke come in the booth, I will rap. Smoke. He Don't smoke. He enjoyed that one. 50 million. 2 million. He maybe. Okay so Then leave me alone while I'm on the field. You If it with hell weren't bothering You. I'm on the field. I'm picking on whoever, whoever. Whatever. I don't tell I'm on the field. Guess who's the Call who Call person.


You need to call. Call like Kendrick. You need to call somebody that's still in it. He ain't in it. Why Kendrick my age. You don't want me Kendrick at my age. I wasn't. They in my era. I ain't got, that's not my era. He retired. Have you ever heard of retirement? Well that's my error. So I'm calling all of them out. I don't care if he retired or not. Deal with it in minute. If not, meet me in the, in the, and I'm just talking about sportsman. I'm not mad. Let's Get, let's just get, let's get this right. I'm not mad as about the sportsmanship of the game. People know I'm a very aggressive person that seems to get misconstrued when I'm talking my shit. I'm just talking my shit. You heard? Let me talk my shit 'cause I am on the field.


If anybody got no problem with that, they can meet me on the field. That is the booth. Anybody from that era? Anybody? Hey Well I got, You know what, Anybody from that era, anybody, Well you and Jayda in the same era. Anybody from that era the only try To go, you ain't see Jada. Stop that. Stop that I Anybody from that era. Stop. He, I'm not scared of nobody Man. Pop. Hey, hey see you speeding right now. Anybody from that era? I'm, hey put the brake assist on, You know I gotta put the breaker assist on you. Speed the so I gotta slow down. I'm in the field. Hold on, listen in the booth. Hold on. Gimme, anybody wanna out tell him come to the field.


We got, this is the perfect opportunity. Y you, you not even paying attention. What? Your aunt antenna ain't up right now. Listen, he said anybody from his Eric, anybody knew he in the field. Right. Shit. We can have our own verses on la our own Nightcap verses. Nah, I got, I got all the, it's It's deeper than the verses. It's about who making music. Okay. Me, me and the booth. Put the record up. Give us a time to do the record bar. Give us a subject and let's see who wants smoke. Who on the booth? Yeah, that's It Man come On. It's about the sportsmanship. It's about the craftsmanship. Fuck the numbers. Fuck the records you heard. 'cause we both got records that can smash. We both got nigga meet me in the booth. Fuck all that old school shit playing on records from 20 years ago.


I'm not nostalgic nigga. It's 2025. Don't want smoke me, me in the booth. Set it up and we can do it for money. Lay was gonna pay for it. How y'all wanna do it? We can make the spectacle out here. You I'm a, I got it. I got, I got. Well get him in the booth In. I got Jay listen to me kids in Get anybody in the booth. I will pull up by myself on mine. Smoke. You wanna pull, they can't help you when you get on that mic. They can't help you Nigga. When Start spitting. Who you gonna get to help you?


Hey Unc, You not seeing the vision Unc The vision nigga. You not seeing the vision Standing shirt too tight. There's an opportunity. You gotta to start buying bag of your clothes. Big fell too big man. You talk about you in the gym now you want to get me, you want want me to see me in the gym? Oh we could do that. You like to talk that ish Now see me in the gym. We talking about working out Me in The gym. Whatcha talking about working out strength talking, working out or strength. Sit down. Work However you wanna do it. We talking about Since you got money, we Talking about working out. You talking about working out. I burn stat. You talking about working out. I burn you. You talking about working out, out. Strength because you probably lift more than me. Whatever. Bigger Than you're probably Stronger than me.


Whatever. But if you talk About working out, you talking about working out, I'll burn you. This ain't what you do. This ain't what you want. You talking about talking to my ig. Better check The stat. You better check My stat. Damn the sta. You better go to my ig. Set it up bear please. Also set it up. I be the hey. Damn. Like you, you wanna start, you ain't my league. Start on what you wanna start on? You ain't You too small. Let's go a workout. Put a trainer in between. Don't knock out. Do not back out now. Do not back out now. I'll come to Atlanta tomorrow and Give you work that you Bro. You too bro.


You, you, You talking a lot. What you wanna do? Hey you Wanna do you doing Let's go. You. Hey stick to what you do. You, You don't get embarrassed. That's What it's don't take that away from you but stay at the gym. You do. You wanna do what? I wanna compete too uncle. We doing y'all start with Ocho. You can't, you don't get, you don't get, you don't get. Lemme tell you, Lemme tell you one story. Lemme tell you one story. Lemme tell you one story. I'm gonna tell you one story. How I met Antonio Brown, my son. So you, You know Antonio Brown live up the block 'cause I live on, on the beach and shit like that. I'm like who's that? He like, he showed me to my DM him. He like, oh yeah your son played football.


Come get this workout. So I get on a beach, Tam Newton and like a few other NFL players. I ain't gonna see nobody name. He made two of them go home. 'cause I was, I finished the workout before they finished the workout. Bro. Do not play with me. I'm a beast nigga. I will, I will go crazy on Shannon. Yeah Shannon, I will go crazy on you. What do you wanna do? You wanna, that's wild. You wanna work out or you wanna do strong shit. You heard because obviously you can lift longer than me but you can't work out with me bro. I'm a beast nigga. I'm a yeah, You know what Damn muscle up. Nothing. You can't do nothing with me bro. Dude You weigh 150 pounds. You should do muscle up. I weigh, I weigh 1 95.


I weigh 1 95. My Instagram go to my Instagram right now. I walk out every day I post it. I don't Post it don't play with me. I Work out in Secret. I post it every day. Nigga. What's up? What come Don't I don't Post nothing. What day you want me to come to Atlanta? I ain't even been Atlanta. I'm gonna come see you. Oh, come to New York. Oh, we got jumps. When you wanna do it Live on the show? You wanna do a live on the show? 30 minute workout? No, I Don't, I don't, I don't do anything for show. Just me and you and I just want you to know that I can, I'm your ass doing what you do. You See what I'm saying? Ont show. Hey see you about show I I one in two. I'm dope. I One in two.


Well I one in two. The show gets the dope. You never heard that? Yeah. You know though. No show. What's up? You scared Read. We can do a pay-per-view. I know you got a lot on the line because you are a professional football player or professional football player. I retired. I retired. You don't wanna get when you, when you don't wanna by a rapper retired by older rapper. Hey, when we gonna compete? Ain't no rapper beat me or nothing. I'm but on the microphone I'm going in when it come to the gym. That ain't happening. What You wanna, what you wanna do? What you wanna do? Look here you the rap game.


That's you, that's your editor era. That's your, that's your era. That's what your era of expertise. Yeah. My name. I ain't finna waste my time dealing with you man because you ain't on this level. You wanna run Sprint, you wanna run routes what you wanna do or you just Wanna stay in the gym, don't want nothing. Or you just wanna stay in the gym and I got a bad and I still give you a all you wanna stay in the gym, but You in the gym. I don't wanna do nothing. That Iron, I don't move nothing but iron. Yeah. Yeah. We can move iron bro. That's what I, we can move iron bro. I wear your last out with the iron bro. I Hey you. Hey, check my resume. It's extensive In 30 minutes. You will not, you won't last 30 minutes with me. You want me to follow you or you wanna follow me?


How do you wanna do it? You can't follow me. I'm gonna record. You can't do nothing. Record. You can't bitch you can't squat, you can't, you can't do nothing. You wanna do body weight movements. I don't do body weight movement Bro. You better go check. You better go check my gram. I do search squats. I do regular squats. We do dead lifts. We do everything. Are you out your mind Man? What you 195 pounds man. I what? I look like going up against 195 pound man in the gym. That's wasting my time. Yes Man. Ocho take that Sound. You sound like you skipping. Listen where I'm from a challenge is a challenge nigga. Yeah. It regardless to size. Right. We fight all bullies where I'm from. That's how I came up nigga.


You know? Yeah. I man or nothing nigga. You heard what you Gotta nigga? Hey us. What I look, what I look like taking over Greenland. They ain't got no damn military. Jim aint say what? You aint what you looking for Bro? Bring your mouth and your body. Him. Let's go to the gym. Let's go to the gym about that 90. You thought I was one of these? Thought I was these rap You thought I was one of these outta shape rappers. No, I'm in super shape. I'm not in regular shape. I'm in super shape. Hey, apple is a shape, pear Egg. I, I'm in super shape and you can ask everybody Having a great conversation.


The Whole s you sometime You see what you did. Why Do you think I was on the cover of Men's Health for my looks? Because I get busy. Oh Lord have mercy. When we going in the gym? 'cause I want, I want this work. I'm busy. I want this work. You busy, you bring it up. Now you busy Rich man Brought it up. You own, you own your campaign. First of all, you chatted, you on Nas, you want Jada, you want everybody. And then you gotta tell about I ain't bothered nobody. No you said that. You said that you start bringing up with people. Don't That don't try. Don't try no snitch. Shit. I said I don't care who it is. I will go up against anybody. Jim Jones. That's what I said. Jim Jones. He's a banner rapper to Nas.


Jim Jones can def defends himself against Nas s comparison. Jim Jones rejects Nas s comparison. Check my record. Jim Jones argued he's bigger than Nas. You Said that. Oh, you sound like you a little hot. You over there height man. You in your feelings Because me and everybody else know your crook. You can't f with na. Your glasses a little bit. Your glasses a little crooked. Lemme get you. My Glasses are fine. You, I take them off. You can see and I still can see you can't f with Nas. I put 'em back on. You can't f with Nas. Come on six Na or Jada six 16 Balls and Na or Jada 16 Balls and Nas right now. Sing your favorite Nas record right now.


He The man Busy Sing it. Sing it, sing your favorite Nas record First of all, once you get to a certain Listen, Sing your favorite Nas record Jim. I bet You know your favorite Jay-Z record. Hey, I bet you can say your favorite. What? Jim sing your favorite. We Record. Okay. You done flew high. You came back down. Now you Ain't Nas sing your favorite Nas record bro. Since you, since you back since you gone crazy for I can sing NA records than you right now. Them I could sing, I I could sing more knowledge records than you right now. So you, you are tapping. You are capping. That's what you're doing.


First of all bro, you're a, a bigger NAS fan than you are. You are a captain bro. First of all of tell rap 50 be singing no rap. I don't be singing no rap. You See what I'm saying? Ocho, he don't even know about rap. He just doing this for the viewers to get Jim Jones on there to get him hot. I understand, but you don't know. No, You know, You better check the podcast base. You know now, now you better talk 16. This the Biggest podcast you ever been on. You ever been on, You know, been bigger than this.


You, when you get big, you get invited Club Shay, this this is what I do. Get Invited Club Shay by you. Not on that level yet, bro. Young white girls. Chill out. Don't play with me bro. Off topic. Chill out. Be off topic. You dealing with the wrong one bro. Right here bro. I don't care. There's nothing about nothing. That's shit you got to say bro. You might as well take me off this shit Bro. Hey we, hey we here. You can't not Talk Me alone Bro. You might get out. Rap me, don't you talk me. Don't Nobody wanna go to Club Chase. Say nobody wanna buy no VIP tickets to that shit. Nobody rushing to go to that shit. Ain't Podcast you been on In, you do have a good Podcast.


Hey, brought you get an invite. You Do got a good podcast. Ain't nobody listening to me. The podcast is tremendous. You and OTA do your thing. Don't get it twisted, bro. I don't care nothing about a fucking podcast, bro. We, we, we, we supposed to listen. We supposed to be talking about music and love and embracing one another and Culture and having, we ain't gonna let it come out here and disrespect Nas and Jada Daddy. It gonna happen on here. Now what were we, why You keep Into This? Why you keep putting jam this, what's wrong with you? Why is wrong with you bro? You type of nigga to get caught like, nah, come out. They call us all like, why you trying to punch Jayda into this bro? Nah, I get it bro. It's all good. It's all love, bro.


Alright. You die about this here. Tell us about the movie you got coming out. The next movie, what you say? Yeah. Yeah. You got a movie coming out right? Coming After, after Church Steps. Lovely movie. I got a bunch of comedians in there. A bunch of influencers that we all know. I'm excited to put that movie out. Covers out later on this summer. It's, it's an added on to my album. Got a bunch of dope actors in there too. So I'm looking forward to that. So, so are you, are you more proud? Are you most proud of the movie you have coming out or the new music you got coming out or the equal? I, well I'm more proud of the business that I've been doing lately. Okay. See, you must think my life revolves around music when my life is, music is just probably the smallest fraction of my life, even though it fuels a lot of the things that comes to my life because of music.


But I'm a great businessman all around the world, You know what I mean? So you gotta learn a lot, a lot more about me. And I'm a philanthropist. I'm one of one of the few people that do give back shirts off my backs and things like that. All the rhetoric about the rap and back and forth, it's cool and shit like that. But deep down inside I'm a way, I'm, I'm a way. I man and what we over here going off about and things like that. Like I, I I, my biggest attribute is my giving back. You heard, I'm gonna always do that no matter what. I don't want people to get a get misconstrued. You know? I, I love to give back and that's what my whole mission is about. And the more I go viral, the more I'm on your explore page, the more opportunities come to me, the more I can give back. All, all this comes down to a dollars where people don't understand this algorithm.


It's a game that I had to learn and understand because I was previously, I probably would crashed out so many things that I see on the internet or so many ways that people were talking about me. I had to learn how to reverse it and use these things as fuel for me to keep going and things like that. And that's just what I've been doing. I got to a point where I got good at it so I know how to use it in my favor. And it's a beautiful thing. It could go against you, it could go for you, but one thing, if you a small person, it's gonna work. It's gonna work in their favor. You know what I mean? So I use all my opportunities to turn it into a dollar. And anytime that I've seen, heard, they're gonna go, wanna, wanna know about me. Extra extreme, it's an extra dollar. I don't care about what nobody said. I mean mine, it all facets, You know what I mean? That's What I wanted to ask you. I wanted to ask, when did, when was it always a part of your, like if you ever made it that you were gonna give back?


Because like you said, you do, you do give back to the younger generation. You do give back to your community. When did that thought, that thought process? How did, how did that come about? Jim Jones like, You know what, if I get to a certain level and I'm able to help and I'm able to give, give back, that's what I'm gonna do. You know, we from an older era, a golf fair era, so, You know, I watched my family open their houses, strangers sometimes and things like that. They was always a given. And not to mention when I coming outside and watching the hustlers doing for the community, the ones that were successful, the ones that always gave back, bus rides, sneakers, haircuts, all that. So I just chose to carry on tradition. And me being a po a a position of success in my life only helped me to do a little bit more than what I've seen coming up.


That's what's up. That's good, bro. Hey, I'm gonna pull up in Harlem. Come On. I'm waiting for you, man. I love you, red. I'm waiting. Pull up. I love you big Fella. Hey, hey Unc. Hey, hey, hey Jimmy. Hey Unc. If you, if you pull up and Harlem, we gotta go to Ricardo's. Nah, we gotta go to Ricardo's. Hey Shannon. Gotta go to Ricardo. What? Hey Shannon, You know I love you. I love people. I love people that I could go back and forth with and people don't take no offense to it, You know, because a's up a lot of people look at this and might take offense to it, but we black. They are, they are. But we don't care. We man, we strong black Guy man. We know who we are. You dig like a hundred percent for you dig. We can never let no electronics get in between the, the real.


We know it's that stay and we know what we doing. You dig? And I appreciate you for that. 'cause a lot of people would've took everything to offense and like, you dig. But we all who we are, man, and I appreciate this opportunity, man. Y'all do have a great show. I cannot take that from you. You wanna pull up the Harlem, You coming on? Come get This out, out. Come on. OSHA could bring him to Harlem. Let's work out. Let's go, let's go Out. Hey, I'm gonna, I go to Ricard, I'm gonna bring him. Hey. He not, hey, he not as strong as he say though. He not as strong. You go, He be talking, You know? Yeah, yeah. Oh man, this was the nice one. Hey, hey Jim. Real talk though man. I appreciate you coming on Ocho and I, we really appreciate it. We appreciate the time. Definitely. And we'll, I'll never, You know, hey, we have a great time going back and forth talking about Nas and Jade and you.


But bro, you stand the test of time. You do what you do, you great at what you do. And I appreciate you taking time outta your busy schedule tonight to come up with Ocho and I and talk about all things. So we, I had a great time. I don't know about o Well thank you. But I had a great time. Yeah. Hey, listen, I had a great time. Great. And listen, this is, this was Iconic tonight. This was Iconic. Anytime you got, this is the funny thing about, it's people not gonna understand what y'all, Y'all do be trending. Jim, You know, we gonna be a star in the morning. People. Not this, people not gonna understand that this is what we do. Nah, this is, we do, this is what true, this is this the culture. This is how we act. This, this is how we act when we get together. Like, people gotta understand like, yeah, I love y old man, I Appreciate it. Hey, hey, this wasn't nothing but a spades game without a call.


That's all saying our whole attitude is spades all day. All the time, all day. All the time, bro. And I love you, man, because Thing one, if I was in Harlem, we say, okay, let's go find the gym right now. We'll find out what we, what we buy. Hundred percent. A hundred percent. A hundred percent, man. We stand on that. Hey, but Jim, hey man, best of luck on the album. Best of luck on the movie, man. Hey, when you get some free time, start back Byebye. I will. I appreciate that, bro. All love. Thank you. My legend. Hey, Ocho. Hey, that was, That was, that was, that was awesome. That that was, that was Awesome. Ocho.


Now You know, that Was everybody gonna say, man, Jim Jones and Shadow Sharp was going, man, hey, No, no. They don't understand it. And any, oh, anybody that say that, they don't play Spades. No, they don't play Spade. But it ain. Ocho I been, Ocho been a while since I've been able to get that out. I ocho I've been sitting on there for two months now. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I was just, I was just, wait. I was just, I was just waiting on the right time. Wasn't Joe just waiting on the right time?


The volume, Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks, and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts, also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member ft IC.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway, it's Oral Care Month, which means you can earn four times points on all your favorite oral care brands. Now through July 15th. Shop in store or online for items like Colgate toothpaste, Listerine mouthwash, crest Mouthwash, or toothpaste, Sensodine toothpaste. Hello Toothpaste or GUM Flossers and Earn four times points. Points can be redeemed for future discounts on gas or groceries. Offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details.


This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two, can't afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed. Just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life's comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary prohibited.