
This is an iHeart podcast.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts, also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC,


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broka. We hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Amme is there. Force firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and is back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself, the volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap as you watch the OKC Thunder, even the series Up one one with a 1 23 1 0 7 victory over the Indiana Pacers. They got back on the winning track. Now they're gonna go back. Go to Indiana on Tuesday and see if they can snatch home court back. Thank you for joining us. Y'all know me. I'm your favorite on. It's Wednesday. Wednesday, my bad. Wednesday. Wednesday. I am your favorite dunk. Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, member of the Nightcap team. Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame, Monterey Pro bowler all, all pro. Chad Ochocinco Johnson, our third member of the big three, joined us during the basketball season.


Now he's doing an excellent job thinking about bringing this man on for football. He knows so much about football. He know all things. I know I threaten, You know, good time now. Arkansas Davis, university of Arkansas Love Iso Joe Joe Johnson. And joining us to break down tonight's game. He's a former member of the Indiana Pacers. He's a seven, he's a six time all star. Three time all NBA selection from Eau Claire High School out of Columbia, South Carolina. Here he is, Jermaine O'Neill. Let's get right into it. OKC. They won the most games in the regular season, really with the exception of the nuggets. They kind of breeze through the playoffs.


We knew they were gonna bounce back and they did this in convincing fashion. Joe, I'm gonna start with you then I'm gonna kick it to you. Jermaine. What did you like about what you saw from OKC tonight? I thought OKC was, You know, relentless in their approach, knowing that, You know, there's no way they can go back to, they can go to Indiana down oh two. You know, I thought they came out, played with a sense of desperation and they kind of continued, You know, pretty, pretty much throughout their entire game. And for me, You know, I think when, when you watch this final, especially knowing what, what OKC have done, You know, pretty much throughout the whole season, which has been the best team I thought they put, they stamp on the game today and they never took they foot off the gas. I thought they were great.


Yep. Jail for me. I thought they did a lot of the same things they did in the first game. I think defensively, we see what they are. They make every possession tough. You got to really earn it. They, You know, they kept, for the most part, they kept the pacers outta that transition offense. And You know, when you look at game one versus tonight, You know, every time the Pacers try to make a run, they responded by getting stops. They responded by getting the score. So I thought that was the difference. 'cause getting game one, it was only, the pace was only led for one possession. Right. And that was the end of the game. Right. And so they did a really good job defensively of, of controlling tempo and controlling the outcome of the game. O Joe. Yeah, I mean, I'm piggyback off of what JJO said.


Obviously the, the thunders, the thunders pressure defensively is elite. They had 10 steels. They held Halliburton's. Hell, he only had five assists. The Pacers really couldn't find any type of rhythm and they, they, they couldn't get into any, any, any early, any early offense the thunder played in, in, but a sense of desperation and understanding that we can go down oh two and oh shit, that's just about, just about what happened. Baby Indiana thought they could play the same way they played the first game and in this ball game, they were sloppy the first three quarters of the ball game. If you look at the turnovers, Halliburton had six assist. He had five turnovers.


So, You know, it was gonna be a hard, because Halliburton is not a turnover guy. As many assists. J and and, and, and, and Joe as You know, Ocho, You know, he's a guy that's had 15 assistant no turnovers. He's had 19 assistant no turnovers, 20 A and one turnover. So when you see him have six assists and five turnovers that lets You know they're struggling to get into the offensive sets. They did a great job. Okay. C this game, they got on the glass. Yeah. Remember we talked about Joe, how many second chance points? Yeah. They allowed Indiana to get, not this game. They beat him on the, they beat him on the offensive end. Yeah. They beat him in the rebounding stats. Shaa was a lot more efficient level of 21. Yeah. The other game he had 38, but he took him 30 shots tonight.


He had 34 on 21 shots. Chad hung decided to come to the party. He was invited to game one. Yeah. He decided not to show up till late and it wasn't enough Pacers. Look, I hope the pace is gonna think, oh, we got what we good going home because OKC is a very good team. Yeah. They are a very good role team. There's a reason why they won the most games. There's a reason why they have the MVP. They have an all the, they have another player named Jaylen Williams who's a, all the NBA defensive player and all the NBA. So guys, I don't know. I look and you can see the frustration on Coach Carlisle's face face.


Yeah. Hey J he used like three tire bow in a matter of five minutes because he felt the game starting to slip away from him. He is like, nah, I gotta, I gotta que some of this momentum. And he wasn't able to do it, give the thunder credit tonight, because I thought they played it really well. And it's not so much what the pacers didn't do. It is what OK did. Do OKC did do OKC forced them to play this style of a ball game. Yeah. I it, I thought, I thought OKC, You know, played great in the first game as far as defensively, but tonight, You know, they, they, they pretty much had control defensively keeping guys out the paint, making it tough for 'em. And I'm curious to, to hear what j gotta say man about Hallen Burton especially, You know, early in the game J for me, You know, when I watched and I knew in the fourth quarter he was gonna try to assert himself a little bit and try to, You know, get him back in the game.


But I think he's so passive, You know, to start the game, man, that it kinda, it, it gets him outta rhythm and I think it takes away from, You know, what he does. I know he's a great pass or a great facilitator, but this is the biggest stage I think, You know, he has to come out and give him something, You know. 'cause for me it's like O Ocho when he, when he catch the ball, he come up to pick and roll. He's not even looking at the basket. Oh yeah. He's not even, he's looking to pass, he looking where he looking at the pass. Yep. He's looking where his next pass is gonna be versus putting pressure on the rim and trying to make a play. And, and I just think, You know, obviously I think he'll play a lot better when they go home. But for me, I'm, I'm curious to, to hear what j gotta say about that. Yeah. And, and you getting right on the head.


I think that one thing with Tyree Halliburton is, You know, when you look at the last game right? He got bailed out because he hit the shot. Right. He only had, he finished from 14, right? Yep. And you look again tonight again, You know, he inserted himself late in the fourth, but they were down 20. Look at the rest of their roster. They had seven double figure scores today, right? Yep. The difference between, You know, the, the pace was really, really, You know, stand in the game and really have an opportunity to win is him, right? Yeah. Go back to the knick reason when he had the triple double. I actually talked to him right before, You know, tip off and he said he was about to get after it. He saw it in his eyes from day one when he could penetrate touch the paint. He create opportunities, he opens up his opportunities and he's aggressive.


I do not, and and Joe, You know, You know this very well. You're planning a dangerous game when you're trying to wait into the fourth to help your team, right? Yeah, yeah. You're not gonna continue to make those shots. Right. And then you gotta at least give your, your, your team a chance to have an opportunity to make, to be in the game, You know, come fourth quarter. And You know, he didn't do a very good job of that today. And obviously, You know, OKC, You know, had a, had, You know, answers with Aren. Wiggins had huge games and, and 18, 18 and Caruso had 20. Right? Yeah. You know, the stars gotta be stars. We all know that in every league. And if you can't be a star, then you, you, you, you, your team is, You know, is vulnerable to lose a game. And tonight they did.


Hey, It is, it is, it is kind of funny though, honestly when, when you think about it, Halliburton in the first game, his approach to the game, the first game was the same way. He was very passive, You know, allowed the rest of his team to get their shots in and allowed them to be in rhythm. And that kept him in the game until those final moments. And then he decided, You know what? All right, I'm gonna take over and take this last shot. Yeah. Just in today's game, he tried that same approach, but it didn't work because they were down, they were down two damn my Car. And I will say this O Joe too, one thing about, and I think people, it's, it's this crazy thing where he's learning to be a star, right? You know, when people say superstar superstars are already, they, they already know how to carry a team.


I think he's, he's the starters learning to try to be a superstar as task first point guard. Right. You know, that team needs him to be high motive from start to finish. He can't do that then I don't think they can beat the KC, You know, if he's not aggressive, right? Hey, hey, hey Unc, and to kind of piggyback what Unc say, I Think you gotta give OKC credit because they play great defense. They were able to keep Hallberg out of the paint. Now a lot of times when he get in the paint, he's not necessarily scoring, he's kicking it out, firing out for threes. Yep. And they wasn't getting them easy. They wasn't getting them easy threes tonight. You know, I know they made some, but for the most part I thought KC done a great job and keeping guys in front, making it tough on 'em and not giving them the easy penetration to where they got the LOBs or the layups or You know, just wide open three.


So you gotta give OKC OKC some credit. A hundred percent. Yeah. When you drive, when you drive the lane against the thunder, you better keep your eye on your luggage man, because they go in your pocket, they go in your pockets, Jo. I mean, you see Halliburton, he like, he, oh, I got me a layup. And Shaa said, no you don't. Yeah. And you Think you got a layup and Lou do said no you don't. Right Caruso, they dig it in your pockets. Yeah. And so you basically, Hey, if, if you got something in your back pocket, you got this ball behind you. Oh, this getting, they dig it out. Yeah. You got better be better be like a New York on the subway. You better keep everything in your front pocket. Hey, but because if you don't, they gonna rob your ass blind. Hey look, it should surprise us though. They been what? The best defensive team? Pretty much the alley. Oh C Oh.


So when I see them playing great defense like this, this doesn't surprise me. This is kinda actually what I expect. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. And the thing and the thing I thought, the thing what they did tonight is that they hit those shots. You remember they got out to the, they had a 14 point lead the fourth quarter, but they kept the foot on the gas. They didn't let up. Even when Indiana went on that 10 Oh run. Yeah. It's like, guess what? They follow him back. They come right back and go on a nine Oh. Run to themself and build a lead right back to where it was. Right. So I I I just, and I agree with you guys. I think Tyree, Halliburton is gonna have to be aggressive and guys are gonna have, have to hit open shots. I thought Pa Gal was a little, a little tentative tonight. Three of 11. That's not a whole lot of shots. I mean, look at all the guys that had as many shots as he had.


Knee Smith had more shots, obviously Halliburton had more shots. Ma Turner had more shots. They didn't shoot the three ball well, but we, they allowed, who was it, okay, c to shoot 49% from the Florida shot, 37, 30 9% from the three, you let them shoot 33 free throws OKC, they're good free throw shooting team jail. And, and, and guys, it's gonna be hard to beat 'em when you let 'em shoot that many free throws. You let 'em shoot that percentage from the, from the field and from the three point line. Unless you play excellent ball, you get Halliburton doing, what he normally does is heroics Pascal doing what he normally does. And Ne Smith and Nihar, you're not beating, you let OKC shoot 49% from the floor shoot 33 3 free throws.


It's gonna be hard for you to beat him because they play really, really good defense. And they normally don't let you shoot in the high forties. So they got their work cut out for 'em. I hope they don't think, like I said, KC was one of the better road teams. Yeah. We know what they are at home because of that crowd. But you don't win 68 games by just by winning 41 at home. Right, right. And I think, I'm gonna be honest, I think, You know, I gotta, I still gotta give up, You know, give the pacers, they keep finding a way, You know, and this is to me, it goes back to their coaching, right? They coach has, they always have 'em prepared. You know, shout out to Miles Turner, OB toppings T Bryant, nobody thought that they would hit, You know, I think they eight or nine threes last name Big threes, right?


Yeah. Yes. And Miles, miles Turner today, he had 14 points. And I think they're doing their job from a perspective. They just need their, You know, they need Halliburton to really take control of it, set the temple, get into their pace. They're dangerous when they're flying up down that court. I thought they played a little bit slower than they would like. And obviously OKC has a lot to do with that, with them picking up fool and got them, You know, You know, got two all defensive, You know, guys on, You know, on the roster. Yep. You know, if, if the patients can get home and, and, and get into that pace a Burton become the machine and make them go, I think they have a, a shot on really, You know, taking game three. Hey look, well remember last time Joe, we talked about not before y'all let you go Joe. Oh yeah. The last time we talked about, remember the Pacers Joe, they had three guys with double digit rebound rebounds and they had another guy that had nine.


Yeah. So they had 52 rebounds in the first game. They had 35. So that's minus 17. Right. That all of a sudden now, and they were really good on the glass giving get, getting second chance opportunities. They're gonna have to do a better job of that. They're gonna have to do a better job of getting on the glass, getting second chance opportunities because You know, they're gonna, they did a better and they did a poor job of taking care of the basketball this game too. They did a much better job in game one. I mean in, well you think about it, they had 25 turnovers and they win. Rick Carlis was like, guys, we only have 15 turnovers. But you had those turnovers when you were down and you were trying to make your run. And now all of a sudden they still a couple of the possessions where you could have probably it was 14, you might've could have cut it the eight or who knows even lower than that.


Yeah. But now all of a sudden the 14 goes back to 20 when you could've cut it. The under double figures. Go ahead Joe. Hey then you look, you look at I think everything reverse back to Hallen bur, because look, look at the, look at his free throw attempts. He didn't, he didn't. None. He didn't get to the line today. No. You know, that's, and that's, You know, part of being aggressive, man, this is the biggest stage they need him to get in that paint and make plays whether it's creating for himself. But he definitely has to create for others. And I think if the, the, the better he plays, we've seen it throughout this postseason. The more dangerous they are as a team, the better them other dudes around him play when he's aggressive and asserts himself. So I look for them to be a lot better in Indiana. And obviously OKC is a great team on the road.


I still think, You know, when you look at Indiana still has the edge right now. They, they won one and OKC, they just gotta take care of home court. Yep. But You know, KC is coming in. 'cause the same thing happened with Denver. Denver stole game one. They ended up blowing them out in game two and then guess what? OKC came right in in game three In game three and snuck it from 'em. Yeah. You don't want, you don't want, you don't want see that you want to do, do everything you possibly can and stop spotting these teams. I look it, it is good JOA we got that bit. Oh man, we could track somebody down. Man. You don't want to a you don't wanna spend, you don't wanna spend 38, 40 minutes trying to play from behind. Yeah. Because now all of a sudden, do I still do I have enough to get over that hump?


And tonight OKC understood the assignment. They knew they couldn't go down O2 and then got on the road and try to win and, and now we've gotta beat them four out of the next five games. Yeah. Yeah. That's asking an awful lot for a team that they go get two on the road, they're gonna be playing with a lot of confidence and that's what, okay. That's what Indiana normally does. We saw what they did against Cleveland. They went over there and got those two at home on the road. They're like, oh yeah, we good now we Gucci. Hey Joe. The thing about this man, like, and this is the thing I think that made Indiana a really good team. This is not me being a homer, but this is just facts, right? When you look at their, their running the playoffs, they have somebody different, or a couple people different every game that's stepped big, right?


That is a hard thing to defend, man. They got players across the board that are ready to help their team win. And I think that's, that's really their, their calling card. Obviously you have to have a head of a snake and we talk about, You know, the up and ups and downs of Tyree Halliburton. But man, You know, we gotta we gotta commend the other boys coming off that bench being ready. Oh yeah. And, and You know, and, and make big shots. Oh yeah. 'cause look for me, I love TJ McConnell and what he brings. I love Thomas Bryant coming off. I know OB Toppin didn't really give him what he gave Yeah. Him in game one. But You know, Rin has been aggressive playing well, so they got a plethora of guys who can really step up and help him win a game. Yeah. You kind of need one or two of those guys to explode.


And tonight they just didn't have it. I mean, Pascal played, he played decent, but 3, 4, 11, You know, that's gonna be tough. They need, You know, they need they big guns to be, to be great in order for them to win on this stage. 'cause it's tough. Yeah, Yeah. Listen, they, they gonna, they gonna win the next game. They gonna, they gonna win the next game Wednesday. Put something on It. Huh? What you Who said that that was you Joe? Yeah. Well you already owe me a hundred dollars. Okay, keep going. My bad. But anyway. No, but listen, now I know I had a burden after, after watching, once they go back watch film, you understand, okay, You know what, I gotta assert myself a little bit more understanding that gonna be aggressive then I then be passed.


Allow my teammates to get into a game. If I see the game slipping away at any point, You know, you can, you're supposed to be the head coach. You're supposed to, the point's supposed to to understand, like see the flow of the game and how the game is going and knowing when to hurt yourself and when not to. It's okay to be passive, but I think he really wants to get his other players involved because if they're hitting they shots and then he decides to insert himself and pick and choose when to be aggressive, I think that's what give 'em the best chance. And the fact that they're playing at home, despite what the Thunder did and how many wins they had in being off for a, a good team playing on the road. I think they gonna be all right. And they probably gonna win this series still regardless of what we saw tonight. Well, I, You gotta give OKC credit because you look at Caruso and you look at Wiggins, they got 38 points from those guys.


Yeah. Caruso couldn't miss a corner three. Yeah. Wiggins got a loose ball and drained it and then came right back down and got it again and boom, drained it again. So you get 38, you get 38 points from two guys off the bench. Who Yeah. Because if, if you look at Matthew, Matthew was four or seven. Yeah. TJ McConnell was five or seven. They was two or three from the three point line. They gave you 25. But you get two guys that gave you 38 quality. 38. And both of those guys played outstanding defense as well. Go ahead Jay. So I guess the question that we should look at, this is a, this is a strange finals, right? Typically, You know, at this point you'll see the star of stars, right? Yeah. SGA has been been SGA for, You know, for the most part he was, he was obviously more efficient this game.


But this series gonna come down to me. Seems like the other guys role. Yep. The role players. Yeah, role players. Because I mean, you haven't, You know, you lose by 20 and, and it's strange. The pace is lose by I think almost 20 and they got seven double figure scores. Yeah. Right. And then, You know, then you have the Aren Wiggins, the Cruz Souls. I thought Jalen Williams Williams is pretty good tonight. He was a lot better. He had 19. He's obviously, he's the start. But it just like, where's the, like what's the winning tool to this? 'cause it's like every game, like, You know, somebody else is stepping up big and it's not like the, the traditional superstars taking over games.


It's gonna be interesting to see these next, these next, You know, three or four, You know, these next three games.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apuus.edu slash military.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. The message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything, goodness world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgements, but that's weird. Okay, one judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price. Plan options, available, taxes and fees, extra se full terms@mintmobile.com.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic and A Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zeep bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


The NBC nightly news legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom YaMmas is there For us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom YaMmas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Hey they normally, they're the Pacers are a committee team. Yeah. And that's what makes 'em so difficult because they don't have that superstar that, You know, that can go, that can consistently go get you 30. You pencil him in, like you look at S-G-A-H-S-G-A gonna get 30 a game. Yeah, yeah. You already know that. You play Giannis, he gonna get you 30. You play one of these teams to have one of these superstar players. They're gonna get you that number. What the Pacers do is that they nickel and dime you. They're gonna have 5, 6, 7 guys in double figures. Right. They might have one guy with 25 jail and Joe and then they gonna have a bunch of teams. 17, 18, 15, 14, 13. That's where they hurt you at. And guys normally make timely shots. Yeah. If you go back and look at the first game that they stole, they stole from the niche.


Niece Smith came off the bench in his six threes in the, in the in five minutes. Yeah. Yeah. He might not ever get that hot again, but he was that hot that night. Right. You look at some of the other games that they played and they've been down just like last, just like the first game guys making shots. So the thing is, it despair yourself. You gotta stop falling behind by 14 to 20 jails. I agree. You asking, you asking an awful lot to continue because as you go further and further, the teams get better and better. Better. You're playing the best team for stats wise, record wise in the NBA into OKC Thunder. Right? Because Shaa was the MVP. They have a all defensive player in Lou Dot, they have an all, all NBA player, Jaylen Williams to go along with Shaa and D Knight is a very good coach.


So you can't keep get for a Well you saw what we did against the Knicks. We went down and we beat them or we, no, we man, we went down 19 against the calves. Yeah. That's these, the OKC thunder are entirely different animal. Yeah. They, they, they, they are, they are entirely diff entirely different animal. I think, You know, when you big guns are playing. Well, and I'm gonna speak on Shea, he was very efficient tonight and yes, Caruso and Wiggins who had great games. But man, when y'all look at Shea, look at the pressure that he's putting on the defense. You have to send another guy which is giving Caruso them wide open threes or you running pick and roll and Wiggins wide open on the wing.


I don't know if you, Indiana, do you trap him try to get the ball outta his hand? 'cause he keeps splitting. I would, oh j and as a perimeter guy, I wanna split the pick and roll so I can have as many options as I can. Versus if I come off the pick and roll and y'all trap me and make me give it up to make some of these other guys make plays. But if I split the pick and roll and I got four, five options to shoot my floater or get to the cup or to spray out the three or throw the live to check, then y'all in the hucker buck, there's no way you gonna be able to stop that. So I feel like they gonna probably have to trap it man and make him get that thing up. So, and make these other guys make plays. That's the big I would trap in jail, Dr. Joe. I'm gonna let you go after this. I would trap him, as long as Jalen Williams is struggling, if he's still struggling, I'm gonna trap him because the only guy that's really shooting the ball officially is really like the night was Caruso and Wiggins.


But if you go look at Chet, Chet was six of 11 first game. He didn't play well. He's six of 11, so he's, but Jalen, we was five or 14. He didn't shoot the ball. Well the first game. Right. But you look at Lou Dort one of three. Yeah, he's out. Caruso and Wiggins got most of his minutes tonight. And then who's the other guy? Wallace? Wallace got 23 minutes. He was two or four. So yes, as long as Jalen Williams is struggling, I'm gonna trap him. I'm gonna make him give it up. It's, it's a dangerous thing. If you do though, you, you better be right because at, at the, at the, the way and the, that these guys are shooting threes, man, you'll pay the ultimate price. You know, t tr trav, if you're not getting to that rotation fast enough, you're gonna be burnt. And the thing that really, when watching this game and, and I Joe, I can't remember this many corner threes been given up, right?


Man, obviously corner threes is the easiest three on the basketball shortes distance. Right. The shortest distance. And it is corner three's galore, right? Yeah. You know, on the floor. And it's just strange. So I think that's probably the reason why they aren't, aren't trapping because everybody's shooting a three. Yeah. But You know, you just gotta be right. You gotta make sure that if you're gonna trap, you gotta get those rotations down. But if you look at it guys, Caruso and Wiggins, they're not of 18 from the three, the rest of the guys was five of 18. So I'm gonna take my chances, I'm going to look at some point in time, Joe, you gotta give up something. Oh Joe, You know this, if you take something away, you gotta give up something. And let's see if they can consistently do that.


Because this is a big stage. This, this is not a regular season game. You're not playing Orlando, you're not playing Sacramento, you're playing the NBA finals. You have the whole NBA world undivided attention on you. Right. I'm gonna see if somebody chant was one of three, Jalen Williams was one of five, Shay was one of four. lou.one of three, Wallace was o of two. So when you go back and look at it, with the exception of Caruso and Wiggins, everybody else was horrible shooting the three point shot. Yeah. I'm gonna make you, I'm, I, my adjustment is I seen Shaa Shay's averaging 36 points a damn game. Nobody lemme take that back. He's aging 37 a game. I I gotta, I gotta do something, I gotta do something j because he is, he's going be aggressive because if worse come to worse, he'll throw caution to the wind and says, I don't give a damn about efficiency.


I'm gonna get these shots up and I'm gonna make you foul me. I mean, but I I guarantee they didn't think Wiggins would go for 18 and cruises and go for 20. And I thought no, I mean, I I get what you're saying though about trapping 'em and trying to make somebody else beat him. First of all, I I think it's, it's, he's too crafty. They, it almost like they was trying to hard hedge a couple of times with him. He was, yeah. He was splitting the defense and doing those things. So he's a very difficult trap and a DA very difficult contain. But again, when you go for 38 between two people that that's uncounted for. Right. I can guarantee that wasn't in, in, in the game playing that Caruso Wiggins would've went for 38. So, You know, You know, damn. If you do, damn, if you don't, I guess all Hey look, if I I Go ahead.


Go ahead Joe. I agree, I agree with J and and to my point, when you look at Shaa, You know, he goes in, when he, when he, when he brings the ball up on the wing, he goes into that Magic Johnson back down and he get into that back down, that's hard to stop for any of them dudes. So they have to send another guy, which is why they're able to give up these corner threes. And you see guys like Wiggins and Caruso having great nights is because of the success of, of Shea Gil who is, You know, putting a lot of pressure on the defense. 'cause if you don't come double, he's gonna get a foul or he's gonna score it. It's just period point blank. Well the problem that you're having, well hey uncle go ahead Ocho No, I I was gonna say I Think you got, he got too many tools in the toolbox regardless of what the game plan is when it comes to playing Sha you might wanna just say, You know what, he gonna get his no matter what to do.


Sometimes you go into go to a game Unc and You know, you have a, a certain receiver. You say, You know what, we gonna stop him. But You know, you can't stop him. You can only hope to contain him and hope he misses class. Basically just have to focus on the other four. Focus on the other four. Allowing them not to get in rhythm and allow them not to get their shots. If they do allow 'em to get their shots and rhythm, allow it to be minimal and then spurs. And that, that's, that's really the only way. 'cause that goddamn shake gonna get whatever you want. Whether you trapping, whether you Iso whether you pick him up from half court, it, it, it don't matter. He gonna get his. But if you can contain the other four and manage them, then you'll be All right. Well that's the problem that you ran into. You let Shaa get 34 and then you let the other guys go get 38 Joe. So no, you've done nothing. You can't, I see if, if you got, if you, if you take some shape and you say, You know what Sha you gonna get 20 to 24 and those other guys go get 38, I can live with that.


I can't let the man get above his average and still give up that hey, because if I give Jordan, if I let Jordan get his 40 and I let Steve, if I let Paxton go get 18 or Steve Kerr go get 15, what am I done right now? I'm really at his mercy. 'cause Jordan, now I'm worried about Jordan going off and now I got these other guys just, just just shooting at me. Hey, I, I agree. I agree. But I think, I Think you gotta mix it up with him all. Oh no, I'm not giving him steady diet. I think the thing is they get, they let one guy guard him too long. They let him play too much one-on-one jail. Oh damn. That's what I'm saying. Like they got him in this little soft catch and it's like man, he coming off, he got him, he got him at his wheel.


Like I think sometimes you kind of, you gotta go on though a couple times. Yeah. Maybe try a couple times. You gotta give him, mix it up. Give him different looks to make him second guess when he coming off them pick him up. Yeah. Because if you don't, he gonna figure you out and once they figure you out, it's a wrap. Yeah. I think that and the bigs sometimes are too low. Even if they up with the arena. Yeah. Way too low with a, with a, with a guy that crafting man. He, I mean he is, even though they're picking him up full court 'cause they doing, You know, they're doing a really good job on picking him up full court. Yeah. They're trying to worry about. Yep. And he's just, he's switching gears man. It's, it's almost, it's magical to watch him, You know, watch him play like that. And again, I I just think that the way this game is being played right now, you just can't allow. And I agree with you on, you can't allow everybody, I mean can't have the team getting everything.


Everybody can't, You know, they can't get everything. They can't get the bench going off. They can't get SGA going off 30, You know, 30 plus. But I know it's, that's what I said. It seems like it's, it's, it's a strange finals to be honest. You rob me, look here Ocho. If somebody coming to the jewelry store, what we going to a, are we protecting the diamonds and the watches or we worried about, are we worried about the necklaces and the bracelet? We got a, we gonna pick two things that we A the diamonds and the watches. A we got that if they take them braces, they take the necklaces the hell with it. But we got a hold fast on the downers then they, they let Shane go get 34. They let two guys come off the bench go nine of 18 from the three. They like Shane like, okay.


And the thing is, is that when the big, when he put him in the pick and roll, they saw far so far back trying to ca hedge or catch him. Nah, he ain't even with him. That's a foul. You following him, he's going to the basket. He's not, once he gets even with that big, he's not looking to pass that ball guys. He's looking to put pressure on the rim and you going to foul him. Yeah. It's really that simple. I agree. I agree a lot. Ball fakes getting into that. Yes. And I tell you what, them diamonds better be insured 'cause they can have it. I'm, I'm getting out the way can have them diamond. I'm getting outta the way. Listen, the, the pressure that Shaa puts on the defense, man, it's, it's unbelievable. Like I say guys, I Think you gotta mix up these defensive coverages man, because he looks extra comfortable out there.


And I know they picking him up full court like they did Brunson, they kind wear try to wear him down and they probably hoping by game four he's a little tired. But man, when you look at Shea, look at his body type and look at his makeup, he, he's in the elite shape. He not, he's not a lot of these guys who out here got that's very high and body fat. You know, he looks like a guy who's out who, who really take care. He lean, I'm being honest. Yeah, he's super lean and for me, he don't look like a guy who's going to wear down. Yeah. And I, I'll say this one thing that people wanna talk about is you, you always hear about all the threes and how many, how many threes people taking, but he's killing in, in, in the mid, in the mid, mid, mid, mid, mid post all season he is killing.


And what that has done that has opened up everything else. You talk about the caruso's and, and the Wiggins going for, You know, open jump shots. He's getting in there, he's drawing the entire defense and he's kicking it to people and they're knocking down shots. Absolutely. Yeah. He's been efficient from the mid-range game all season long. What? Hey, hey guys, he's been, he's been one of, he's been probably what, one or two or three guys who shot over 50% for a season from the field? Like he's been at, at the guard position. Yeah, he and an average 30. I mean he and Mike. Yeah, I know, I know. I mean think about a guard. Yeah, a guard. That's tough. Jail shooting 50% and scoring 30. Yeah. That's tough. Now I know some of the efficiency has kind of went out in this postseason, but for the most part, You know, he's been very consistent and he's been a load to deal with.


So what, whatever they decide to do, they gotta kinda mix these things up a little bit. I mean he shot 12 free throws tonight. He was 11 for 12 from the line. So it lets me know he understood the assignment, meaning coming out, being aggressive. Hey listen guys, don't worry, I'm gonna put y'all on my back tonight. We are not going to Indiana down oh two. Yep. And it, it was fun to watch tonight. Ali, you see That? Hey, hey. Huh? Yeah, you, you heard, You know, I, I was getting ready to say piggyback a little bit off what, what Joe said. Oh, he been like this all season, right? You say he shot 50% throughout the season? Yeah, he shot Like 52% Before. Yeah. Yeah, g talked about, well when you put that ball on the floor and you decide I'm finna get to that mid-range depending on what you wanna do, and he's consistent at doing it over and over.


So no matter what you throw at him, even if you say you want to try even you say you want to confuse him or make make shots contested, then they, they they, they use, he's a, he's a foul merchant. He's always did the free throw line. Well hell, he two steps ahead of you no matter what you wanna do. Right. He's he's, he's already telling you whatever your game plan is. I got something to counter that shit. Yeah, absolutely. And he's showing it. He been showing it all season long. So, but Ocho You know this and I, and I the, if somebody comes out and all they play single high safety, you gonna make you going to eat that up. Yeah. If somebody come out, all they gonna play is cover two. All they going play, all they gonna play is quarters. You've got to disguise it. You've got to give a guy, if you give a guy a steady diet of anything Yeah.


No matter the medicine, you'll build a resistance to it. Yeah. There's a reason why they give you x amount says okay, take, take these and do you wean yourself off it. But if you just give a steady diet, you'll even antibiotics, whatever the medicine is, at some point in time you're gonna have to fluctuate the dosage that you take. So if you just letting them hard take him and let him play one-on-one. Right. Okay. Okay. You he Gonna figure him out. Hey Smith, you got it. Okay Rin, you got it. Hey, hey. As a matter of fact, when he come to the pick and roll, Hey guys, both of y'all popping. Hey we gotta make him get, make him give it up. That's All. You know, especially With a hartstein if Hartstein come on.


Yeah. Hey, You know what he gonna do to you. Now look at everything you just said. It's gonna be like a dude, it's gonna be like a woman that work at the bunny ranch in Vegas. He gonna run through everything. He gonna run through it. Whatever you, whatever you sitting at him. It's like you play Lamar Jackson, you just talk about all those different coverages. You gotta show him something different. You play Holmes, it don't matter what you showing ma. Yes. It don't matter, You know, slice and dice because these two steps ahead of you and understanding what's coming. Yeah. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta make him think about something because there might be that one time that I threw a look at him and I get to hit, put my helmet in the back. Yeah. You know? Yeah, yeah. Hey there gonna be one time, there gonna be one. Look we don't like to chase and I, yes sir.


Guys, when we play football we to call it chasing ghost, we're gonna prepare for what we've seen on tape. Now there there are big, they play 80% of this coverage, they play 10% of this coverage, they play 5% of this coverage. 3%. Now I'm not gonna prepare for something that we haven't seen. I ain't chasing ghosts. Right. But this is what I do know. Shaa going be the, he's going to take the lion's share of the shots. He's looking to play one-on-one and if you let him play one on one, when that big as retreating he gets even with him, he's not looking to pass. So I don't care, he doesn't care if somebody does come at that point in time, how can I get to the rim or how can I get this shot off? 'cause like you said, he will stop, you jump, he jumps into you and he is looking to get an A and one.


So I'm gonna give him a st I'm gonna give, I gotta change it up. Look, he's the MV MVP for a reason, but I got to do something. Well ultimately this series may come down to really, really two people that they don't talk a lot about. Right. You got one coach in OKC that said they gonna play they style of play no matter what, right? Yeah. Rick Carlisle who's the king of adjustments, right? Yeah. And so well that mindset from OKC, You know, win of the finals or will You know, Rick Carlisle's genius of being able to adjust win the NBA finals, You know, for the, You know, for the Pacers. To me that's what it will come down to. We've seen Rick throughout the playoffs make these, You know, subtle adjustments that allow, You know, the Pacers to, You know, to win these series. And I think ultimately that may be the difference maker in this series.


Yeah, I agree. I agree. Hey look, when you look at, when you look at Wallace and you look at Hartenstein, they didn't have great games offensively, but we talk about the second chance points. Wallace was a what? Plus 12 and, and the plus minus Harden style was a plus 17. But the second chance points of Hartenstein tipping the balls out, tipping the balls back out, getting second chance. Three offensive rebounds. Yeah. I, I think for me that's kinda like what we were talking about in game one. You know, coming late down the stretch, you playing that small ball and this game it was, it was a lot different. Now obviously they had more control in game two and they didn't let those runs happen. That they, that happened in in game one. But for the most part I see OKC they gonna play they way, they still going to start with Ridge at the, at the five and I guess they gonna see, see what comes from that.


Obviously they played a great game tonight so I'm sure they gonna go with that same lineup starting game three follows up his game 1 38 point game one with 34 tonight is the most points ever by a player in his first two career. NBA finals game 72 Wiggins we mentioned 18 points in 21 minutes. He was five of three from the three point line he was plus plus 24 he's leading the finals and plus minus. So he did what he Alex Caruso 20 points six of 11 from the field, four of eight from the three point line tied for the most points ever in a playoff game. But look, Caruso has been here, remember in the bubble? Yeah. Remember how it was he played for the Lakers, LeBron loved playing with him.


Yeah because guess what, they had defensive presidents out there. You have ad to protect anything. You had KCP that could hound you had Caruso that could hound and say hey we good. Yeah. So you look at what they have defensively, that's what makes them so good. Jalen Williams can play defense at an elite level. You got gins, you got Wallace, you got Dort, you got Caruso, you got Chet and Hartenstein protecting the rim. They are a very, very good team and they can rotate multiple times. A lot of times guys, Jo and and and and Joe, You know this, a lot of tech teams can only rotate one s. They can rotate multiple times. Yeah, I agree.


This is a they young. Yeah they're still the youngest team and so one rotation, two rotation, three rotations and they can still get back and knowing if you get 'em, if you beat 'em to the hole hole they got che put it over seven foot. Yeah. Put it over six 11 hartenstein. Yeah. And Che test you look. Yeah. Hey look, I agree. I agree. A JO and my thing is when it comes to Indiana, they rotations were so late tonight, especially getting out to those threes and I think it cost them two, it cost 'em throughout the whole entire game. And OKC is great and coming out of traps or coming out of double teams and spraying out to the three, getting to those guys, they not giving many wide open shots. So, You know, I think Indiana has to, they gotta get on they horses when they come out of that, that them traps when Shay posting up and they, they just leaving guys wide open mean you got two, three seconds before a guy even run out there and try to get a hand up.


Right. Yeah, yeah. You know, I think but the Indiana going back home and playing in that building, I think Pace is gonna be a deciding factor for them. Yes. You know, they played with a lot of energy, great fan base. Energy's crazy inside that building. So I think them getting back get even on scores, getting the ball out fast. Think about in the, in the previous, in the clinching games. Oh yeah. Make a miss. Yeah, they're gone. Pascal, I mean that's the fastest I've seen him run, You know, since I've been watching basketball and I gotta believe that Pascal aka is gonna be a difference maker. Oh, he has to be a difference maker. You know, come game three, You know, in his own building Right. With that crowd behind him because the passiveness that he had to start this game and I don't know again was the mindset, hey we got us one.


Right. And we all know in sports somebody can roll their damn ankle or something can happen and, and You know, you everybody, everybody is if inch real away, you gotta stay greedy man. And you gotta take what you can take and not and and not expect that things gonna happen at home. 'cause You know, you n you never know. And so I, I just believe like if they can get back into that pace, that pace of pace that they play at, that which is fast and aggressive, You know, k You know, kicking and You know, and Dr and driving that basketball to have a good shot and winning this. I like what OKC is doing. If You know guys, they're getting to the outlets so You know how they normally get to have an outlet right there. Those guys, they're not going all the way back. They say Nah, we gonna stop these outlet passes because we know what y'all wanna do. You want an outlet one pass the outlet and the next thing You know you got Halliburton Euro stepping and laying the ball up.


You got O top and Euro stepping and dunking the ball. So what we're gonna do, we're gonna take away the outlets. Yeah. Dribble it up. Yeah. Halle dribble it up ne hard. No we're not giving you no, no quick bat, no quick bunnies. That's not gonna happen. Weezy had some advice from Halle, our head of game too. This is what he tweeted. He said, Halle, you have to sweep these boys to get some real respect from these folks. Y'all clearly walking on water and they act like y'all surfing. Hang 10 dude and make them ride your wave or drown. Ain't that a beach? Hmm. I like it. I mean he, sometimes you could be a, think about it, you could be a great something and just happen to be in the wrong era. There's a lot of great NFL quarterbacks, but if you played in the manning in the in in the Tom Brady era, you ain't getting no credit.


Right? Right. If you played in the Jordan, you were the guard who, what guard got credit in the Jordan era in the eighties and nine what guard other than magic in the eighties. And it was, he hit the nineties. Wasn't nobody talking about nobody else, man, but him. Yeah. That that's the, and you look at the, and Halle is an unbelievable player, but when you got Luca and you still got Steph and you got Shaa, I mean we, you got Brunson doing his hero. It was like if j You know how it is in the era you played kind of like the tail end of the big era. I mean, look at all the big, but when Shaq was doing what he was doing, man, you a, unless you was Elijah one or Robinson, but there was some really quality bigs.


Yeah, but you don't get credit because these other guys are playing so well. Steph Curry, James Harden is still in the league. Steph Curry is still in the league. You got Luca still in the league. So it's gonna be hard. Or I think for Halle to get the credit that he deserves. No, don't. Even if he wins, I still believe it's gonna be hard for people to look at him as like, I still would take Luke over him. I would still take Steph, I would still take the X, Y, Z, and T. Well, the only reason why that is, right? If we talk about, You know, you all, you heard this overrated stuff, right? A lot of it is, is is the big game in the disappearance. Yes. That is the only reason now we having a whole nother conversation is he come out tonight and he has 20 plus, You know, 20, 20 plus points.


That was, that really mattered, right? You, yes. You can look in the, in, in the fourth quarter with the 12 that he's score in the fourth quarter. Lord the game is over. Right. And calories. Right. I think from a respect, I do believe he's learning, right? Because if you look at his body expressions on the bench, right? He's talking to himself, right? Yeah. We, you gotta go through that experience, right? Of of people gonna take Luca, they're gonna take Steph because they're gonna give you those, those 20, 30 forties on, on, on every night. Yeah. He's trying to really, it's almost like he's trying to find himself without deteriorating who he truly is. Which is a pass, first point guard. Yes. And so we gotta get a, give a little bit of grace. I just need him to be more aggressive to start and let the cars fall as they may, as the game progress


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from IU part two, Ozempic and A Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zep bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


The NBC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Brogan. You hope to see a back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Hey, so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know, a degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans degrees. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores not for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any per sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


You know, who was the past first point guard Magic Johnson until he got his ass in the NBA finals against the Philadelphia 76 ERs and he went 42, 15 in seven. He say the hell with that pass. He say and and sometimes that's what you have to do. I mean, You know, LeBron is really a pass, but at some point in time, at some point you gotta Think, You know what the hell with this, right? I'm gonna get mine y'all rebound and put it back in the hole. If if if he can't get it back out, hey that, and I think that's what Halley's gonna have to do. That's the approach he's gonna have to take. Yeah. And That's, it is all on. It is all on norm. When to hit that switch. Magic knew when to hit that switch. LeBron knew when to hit that switch. It's all about Halle understanding when to hit that switch. Especially doing it before, before your team goes down 15, before your team goes down 20 get your ass Going.


Yeah. It, it seems like he comes out and he looks for those other guys to kind of get them going. But yes, him like he has understand he is him. Yep. You know, like he has to come out, set the tone, set the pace in which they want to play to be aggressive because like you say they, they won game one so they did kinda seem a little like okay we done feel a little past the scene content. Yeah. They seemed a little content. So I expect a different Pacers team to show up in game three guys being at home playing in front of their own crowd. A lot more confidence. These guys will probably play at a much faster pace. They only had what, nine fast break points tonight. That ain't gonna get it for them to win. We know they, they've been a great fast break team the entire season.


Yep. Yeah. It's gonna be hard to be OKC or a half court scene. Yep. Yeah, they got too many got, they got too many great defenders. Yeah. They got their hands of too good. Absolutely sha look, Shay had what, four, four steals tonight. Shay had four steals tonight. They glass break points Joe. But, but thing about people ain't even talking about this. They got, remember coming through high school, they got the one kid that don't do nothing but run around with you. He ain't socks. Well they got daughter out there, boy there, he, he a shadow with these boys right now. And I think he does. People don't talk a lot about him. Obviously he's all defense, all, all, all defensive team first team. Yeah. That is major. When you can take somebody and say look he ain't playing tonight.


Right. Right. You run around with him and that is to me and that does, I feel like that does have a, a little bit of an impact on what we see with Tyse Halliburton early. Right. They're not letting him get a rhythm. They're not letting him get to his spots. They say, okay y'all gonna play four on four while me and you over here, You know, run around. Right. Hey, hey I agree. I agree with you and I love Lou Dork for that because his game isn't predicated off making shots or scoring. You know that's the plus if he's giving you that. Yeah. But he's in there strictly to be disruptive to be a pest defensively and take out your best player. Yep. Ultimately him, him and Wallace. That's why they're in the starting lineup. They not necessarily Now if they explode for 15 to 20 points, okay we gonna pat 'em on they back.


It's gonna be hard to beat 'em if they playing like that. Yep. But they're both in there for defensive purposes. Yep. And they've been doing they job especially tonight. Yep. This is what Isaiah said. Rick Carlisle has been a coach for the past 23 years. He could be the right man to elevate Halliburton's game and the Pacers to a championship caliber team. Isaiah Thomas said you went to an NBA finals but you didn't win a championship until you met Phil Jackson. Zeke told Shaq tonight, Kobe Bryant didn't become Kobe until Phil Jackson got there. Jordan didn't win until Phil Jackson got there. You got a coach in this series by the name of Rick Carlisle, 65 years old and we saw him the other night run Triple Stagger and none of these OKC players had seen that before.


Rick La Rick Carlisle is bringing some old school stuff. This is a different style of style of basketball that OKC ain't used to playing against. Right. When you have to come out with something else, because I don't know what he ran tonight, but they ate that up. I don't know what that, I don't know what that was Joe. But O-K-C-K-C was ready for that. Yeah. Yeah. They, they had to, they, I mean they at home, best team in the league, they lost game one. They had no choice but to come out and play desperate like they did tonight. But I, Hey look, I'm not putting nothing past the Pacers, man. They, they've shown, they've shown up and proven to me this whole entire postseason that when you count 'em out, them boys gonna bounce back and they, they give you a, a, a great game.


So the Pacers are still in control, guys. Yeah. You know, just gotta protect on court. I'm, that's it. I'm gonna tell you guys I had a chance to play for, for Ray Carlisle on Indy. Right. And so I, I know the level of coach he is. I I remember being in the huddle sometimes and he would just, after the fir he get the two horns, the first horn come and he just sitting there looking and as soon as he that first horn, he starts to draw up sex. Mm. Right. That we typically, You know, like in game situations. Right. And that's the type of coach he is. You know, he's a savant. He's a basketball savant and that's why I'm picking and willing to put a wager on the Pacers in game three. Damn. I'm yo what trying to do Joe. What what we, what we doing j Little friendly bet.


Hey lemme tell y'all something, it's kind of conflicted for me because Janero Pargo my, I'm talking about my best friend, one of my best friends, he's assistant coach for the Pacers. So I'm, and then, You know I got some formal Razorbacks player for the Thunder, so I'm conflicted. But if you want pull a little something on it j You know, little friendly. Nobody had ever conflicted about money. You noticed that Joe. And You know about j ain't nobody ever conflicted about money on Joe. Ain't no conflict, no conflict at all about that. You know what, what gonna do baby? I mean I'm, You know what I'm saying, whatever we gonna do, but we both got Z You know what I'm saying? Cash out ain't something. Hey look it, it ain't gotta beat nothing to make you nervous j just a little light hunter or two.


We ain't gotta act like that. Now we got Hey, hey God, hey God Joe, I feel good about the Pacers bro. You know what I'm saying? Oh do you? Yeah. You feel good about them going home, playing in front of their home crowd. Absolutely. I ain't gonna lie. I do too, but I just think, I think OKC man they've been great on the road fellas. They've been great on the, they go get they going home, get some of that country kitchen. J they go get so the, You know, neck, bone and fry catfish. The wings that mac and cheese. Hey, hey Jo know Jo, You know you can, you, you do have some teams do have a tendency to kinda let their guards down when they get home though. They sleep in their own bed. You know, they get, they relax a little bit. They got, you got 15, 20 people coming in town 'cause they wanna see the final.


So now you gotta entertain and Oh no. Next thing You know. Yeah. Next thing You know. Hey, you tired. How much, how much, how much, how much NBA finals tickets cost? Oh man, listen, I I was checking the day because I was taking my son like second and third row. It's 5,600 per per ticket. Hey. Oh, oh, oh. The type of the only, only 56 I know is Lawrence Taylor. That's about it. Hey, because hey them Super Bowl tickets be they Hey they head cracking now, man. Yeah. Them Super Bowl tickets be going 15, 20, 30, 40, 50,000. Yeah. Hey look, you gotta look at the money these dudes making now. Yeah, well I that's one game, right?


You talking that's what I like to like a, the, the, the fir the front row the floor seats was a almost 12,000 per seat. But Ja but jail. Think about how high you up, how high you in the stadium. At least, at least you could yell something. They could hear you. You so high. I'm paying 4,005, $6,000. Ain't nobody hear you but a dude next door you talking man stop on that damn yelling. That's the thing man. Hey, check this out. Lemme know what y'all think about this. The Knicks are reportedly preparing to make a tsunamis type offer to acquire Giannis from the books. Oh Yahoo.


Sports are reporting the New York Knicks would receive Giannis Milwaukee would give them Carl Anthony tos, Tyler co Washington's 2026 protected first round draft pick two first round pick swaps, 26 and 2030. Nah, hell nah, that ain't enough. Who a talent about a tsunami? Who's the second dude that that ain't even a damn raindrop. Listen that's hold on, hold on, hold on. Let me read that again because baby it's BJI will get you a Joe. What y'all about this? Okay, the Knicks would get Giannis and in return Milwaukee would get Carl Anthony Towns Tyler colic, Washington's 2026 protected first round pick a first round pick and two pick swaps in 26 and 30.


That ain't no s tsunami. Not at all. Hey look, no disrespect, but who was the second dude you said? I don't even know who that is. I don't know. Hey nah, nah, nah, I don't know who that is. Jail. What, what, what they doing there Tsunami? They ain't no tsunami on. But boy listen, if the Knicks pulled that off, we, I mean it ain't gonna happen. That's a tough one man. Because right now any mega trade you gotta give up, you gotta give up some core, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta make sure, one of the things I think is Unvalued is the other, the other players right, the support system. Right. You start pulling out a way to go get a mega player then, then You know you're gonna be in the, you're probably the same place or worse, You know, by the time the the mega player get there.


So I didn't, and listening to that deal, I didn't hear anything that to me will bring value back to Milwaukee, right? No. So I mean hell no that's so you go, so in other words, I give you Giannis coffee, that's not a tsunami that's rival. Yeah. Hey, so let me get this right. I'm gonna give you Giannis and I ain't gonna get, I ain't gonna try to get ML bridges. I'm not gonna try to get OG and Noby. I ain't gonna try to get none of them because you basically gonna give them a championship if you give them Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ain't gonna be in the Eastern Conference finals for sure. Yep. With that, think about it. You think about, so now you got a defensive team with Giannis that can protect you got Josh Hart that could defend og that could defend Mikhail Bridges that man stop it.


Yeah. Hey, whoever proposed this trade, y'all de somebody threw a, that's not even a tsunami. That's not even a ripple. That one that You know, that's not happening. That was, that was just to to to create a distraction, You know, to let You know so what's going on behind the scenes can go under the radar. That's all that was. And but I give credit, they put, Hey, we gonna give y'all cat, they put the head like Cat first. And I I agree with you. I'm like, hold on Tyler Colic. Who, who is he? I protected No, that 2026. He need to be unprotected man. Yeah. Hey listen, I don't understand that.


If you going, if you gonna make a trade like that, was it the coach or is it the roster? Was it both? I think the thing is when they want, when they beat the Celtics, now you call, you get what you call expectations of jail because, so now you beat the Celtics, everybody say Bob man, they going, they going, they gonna run through the Pacers and they was supposed to be in the NBA finals and when it didn't happen, hey look, listen, if the niggas get Giannis, man, they can put me a head coach. I promise you we gonna win some games. You hear me? We gonna make it, we gonna make it to the Eastern Conference finals for sure. You get Giannis playing with all them other dudes and you only giving up Kat and that other dude you talking about.


I'm sorry, I don't even know what that is, but boy listen, it ain't gonna take much. I, I definitely think there are other teams that have more, could give up more. Hell go to Houston and ask, okay, gimme Shung goon, gimme Jalen Green, give me two couple of, but now that's better than Cat and, and this other cat. Yeah. I mean come on Jay. I mean let bro e even swap. Ain't no swindle. I feel you trying to swindle me. Hey listen, but what about this Unc what if, what if Giannis don't want to go out west? What if he wanna stay in the east because the east well be a lot smoother. Yeah. Versus the west. He said he wanted to, what's being reported, he wanted to go somewhere where they don't have any state taxes.


Texas doesn't have state tax. Florida doesn't have state tax. Hey there you go. I think Tennessee doesn't have state tax when you go to New York, Ohio doesn't have state tax. Yeah, I don't think Ohio have state taxes. New York's one of the worst. They do. Yep. New York and LA to the worst. Yeah. He already told You. Listen, he already told you where he wanted to go Uncle. All you gotta do is read between the lines, That's all. But I mean the question then is, You know, you kinda look at the Lakers, right? Yeah. Right. The Lakers is, they made the big, You know, make the big trade and just, You know, Anthony Davis basically for Luca. But they're making so much money between the two.


You don't have enough money to construct the team at. Right. You need to. Right. And so, You know the apron, the new tax apron deal just kicked in this year. Oh yeah. The team's a little bit more bootstrapped. So the question is wherever, wherever Giannis goes where? Wherever he lands, do they have enough giving away whatever you got to give away to compete for a championship? Absolutely. Well if they're only giving up Kat and Koch, that's who on your screen? You see the guy? That's Tyler ick on the screen right there guys. Oh, that ain't happening. Col man. Hold on, hold. And I wonky. Ain't no way y'all just sitting me Kat and this cat. Nah, I ain't going. Hey Tyler, Tyler nice with it now Tyler got some games. Oh, here he go. That man don't even know who that is.


Tyler. Oh, I know Tyler. Yeah. Now you don't ojo you with the same Mary, but, but jail. If all you given up in Ka and this gentleman that you see on the screen, they loaded. Oh man. Who came up with this? This was a lie. It lie bro. There's no way they doing that bro. They just, they just talking bro. They try to get some tweaks and You know, some, some like and some repos. There's no way they do. Now you, you gonna have to give up. You gonna, you gonna lose OG or MHA Bridges, you gonna lose one of them. But then that's, that's kind of defeating the purpose. If you giannis Right. If I'm going to New York, man, I at least want to keep one of them dudes. If you going to get, yeah, you keep one of 'em but you ain't keeping both of them.


Okay, I can see that. But you can't take both of 'em. 'cause now you take our grid and grind away. Nope and no, everything is left up the Giannis and, and Bruss to do all the dirty work. Hey, you could have one, but I ain't letting you keep both of them. So what, what is it? Which one, which one you want? J you want OG or you want Mikhail Bridges? But I'm getting one of them. I'm giving away Mha. Bridgets. Okay. I think og OG just does, he does a lot more. I mean he bruss. Yeah, he, he does a lot more offensively and defensively, but I don't know. Crazy. I like Kat, I like, I like him. Do we think Giannis and Brunson can play together because Brunson is a ball.


They so much alike. Yeah, they both need the ball a lot. A lot. So I don't know if you make that, you give I don't know. I mean it, it don't look good becau because both of 'em usage rate. What is, what is Brunson's usage rate? What's Gianni's usage rate? Because both of those gotta have the ball in order for them to function. Yeah. I don't think either guy's really good without the ball. Yeah, I agree. Giannis can't, Giannis not great without the ball. He's, he's most effective when, You know he has a ball in his hand coming downhill, whether it's off a rebound or what have you. But making plays, spraying out the guys for threes and getting to the basket, putting pressure on the rim, that's when he is at his best. Yep. Giannis was first in usage with 35.


Brunson was 13th at 29. Yeah. So you got two guys with high usage and I don't think with Brunson and, and, and Gianni, I don't think Brunson is that good without the ball. Nah, he's, he's not that great but he could play without it on like he catch and shoot as opposed to Giannis. He's not a catch and shoot person at all. So if you running a pick and roll, he ain't a shoot person damn. Catching a shooting. He ain't a shoot person. He, he he a lay up, he'll lay up and dump type person. Right. So listen, if you running a pick and roll with Giannis and Brunson, that don't scare me. Right. Versus You know Kat and Brunson because Kat can pick and pop. Well pick and pop. So the big Giannis ain't Pickett and pop Pop is ish.


Yeah. He ain't so the big gonna always stay low and let Giannis shoot that jumper all day long. All day long. That's why, that's why I don't like, I don't like, I don't like them trading cat though. Right. 'cause at least ca mean I I get it. He, he doesn't defend as well, but he's different from ev anything else that they have. Right. And yeah, if he really, really looked in the mirror and said, look, every time I take my ass to that box, I'm working him. Right, right. Every time he just works something then he just go back out to the three point line and stand on the three point line. If he really just get to that dominant form, man, he can be everything that Knicks need. Obviously adding a couple more pieces here and there. But I like, I like Kat with the Knicks. I don't like Giannis with the Knicks.


I, I like Kat two J but it is less resistance out there on the perimeter for him versus if he in that paint it's, it's, it's a doggy dog world down there. It's grit, it's grit grind, You know what I mean? It's a lot they bumping and grind down there. He ain't want that, that aint what he looking for. Yeah, yeah. You gotta be, you gotta be in some least shape to be able to, You know, take that bump and grind night in and night out. And I think that's why he always drifts back out to the three because like you say, not not, it ain't gonna be no resistance out there. Like it's, You know, guys, he could just sit out there and just kind of shoot Junkers. But Joe, lemme ask you a question though. Yeah. I mean I, I'm sitting trying to think who the hell outside of him and be who hell down there. Yo.


It ain't about, we just talked about it ain't about Yes. Yeah, it ain was like four or five. It's ka it is Joel and Bead. It is Yoic. It's Shung Goon. Yep. And Rudy Gobert, but, and he ain't really posting Right. He ain't really that stuff. Right. Or or Saboni or you take Celonis. Yeah. So to me it ain't, it ain't the, it ain't the, it ain't the grind in the post. To me. It gotta be his condition and, and how in shape he is. Absolutely. 'cause You know, and I, You know, every, every night it was a Power four. Right. You know what I down there you spin off one. There's another one there. Right. They talking about the two bigs from tonight. Shit, that was normal. Yeah. But so now when I look at it, he, he typically, when he's playing that post, he's bigger than everybody.


Yeah. He is. But maybe the exception of three or four of the people in the lead. Yeah. Yeah. He definitely got the skills to score down there. So to me, I think he got in a little bit better shape. Right. To, to have a little bit more endurance and he can mix and match how he wants to play his game. He'd be a lot better. But You know, it's a hard rush to see him get up, try to get up down the court at that age. You know what, what is he with? 28 now? 20. Ken probably like 29. Yeah, he didn't, he he look like he labor. He especially in the post. Yeah. 29 up and down that floor. The volume.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for Apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military.


With Amex Gold, you can make dining out before the big event, a big event. Hey, you made it, it's been so long. And earn four times membership rewards points on purchases at restaurants up to $50,000 per year. And if you're running late, no problem. Oh, we gotta go. You get access to card member entrances at select venues so you can make it in Tide to catch the big win. That's the powerful backing of American Express Card member entrance access, not limited to Amex Gold Card terms apply. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash With amex,


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers in communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is an iHeart podcast.