
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight, We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draft King Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speeds. Not available in all areas.


New Orleans, Louisiana. Are you ready for the world renowned, the internationally famed, the Southern University Marching band from Jaguar land? The Southern University Band is led by DeMarcus for Showstopper Hill from New Alber, Louisiana. Show him some love.


How y'all doing? How y'all doing? Oh, we about to turn this thing up for you. Here we go, Ben. 1, 2, 1, 2, 3.


Come on. Lemme hear y'all.


Come on. 1, 2, 1 2. Ready and play. Hey, Come on. Come on. What y'all know. Come on. Come on. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Come on.


Here we go. I much on Casanova. Me and Romeo ain't ever been friends. Can't you see how much I really love you?


Yeah. Come on, we gonna turn this up. B style for you. I am myself.


Alright. Good stuff. Good stuff. So this next election is for Ocho. This one of the selections that he said at it. If we played it, he was gonna cry. So we would hope he cry in the back in the backstage. Here we go. Band. 1, 2, 3, 2, 3.


We gonna bring that Kendrick Lamar to you tonight.


They Yes.


Yes. The Southern University Human Jew. By Give it Up. Give it up. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You guys, young ladies were amazing. Thank you for opening up this tour for us. Thank you so much. You guys make being in the band seem cool now. Damn. It wasn't always like this again. Thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And thank you.


You wanna do you wanna do one more outro? Hey, do do me a favor. I tweeted it earlier, right? You got to bring that. I'm so glad. Back for me One more time, baby. You gotta bring it back for me one more time. Y'all good? Y'all got time? Y'all got time? Let me get that. I'm so glad. One more time, man.


Again. The Southern University Human Jew box. Thank you. Thank you, thank you. That man. Lemme see. Love. Yeah. All of you love. Thank you young ladies. Thank you. Woo. Man, that was unbelievable. That was unbelievable. Way to kick it off. Thank you. Southern University, the human Jew box. Hey Ash. Ash. I wanna deliver this first. Y'all good? Y'all good? Y'all good? Yeah. New Orleans. Y'all in the house tonight?


What's happening baby? The fuck? Love you. Fucking love you Ocho. Yes sir. Check this out. We'll talk to, I was gonna wait. And it's been the hardest thing that I've had to do for, for the last two weeks. What happened? Sterling and Shannon Sharp are the first two brothers in the post football Hall Of Fame. That's live. That's live. That's live.


He's at honors right now, but he's coming over. As soon as he gets done with his, he's gonna come over. Wow. It's been the hardest thing that I've ever had to do to sit on this news because it means so much for my family. For him. It's been a long way. It's been a lot of prayers. It's been a lot of tears. And finally, and I remember having a conversation with him over the last couple of weeks. I said, you know, we're gonna be a trivia question one day. The first two brothers that's in elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame, Sterling and Shannon Sharp. Wow. Beautiful. Beautiful.


Oh, whoa. Hold on. Hold on, man. You know we can't start no show without no prayer. O Okay. Hey y'all do me a favor. Link hands with the person closest to you for me please.


Some might say holmes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200, or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress Fee-free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members. FDIC. SpotMe Eligibility requirements and Overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville, we're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all. Y'all doing too much talking before the prayer now, Man, they gotta get right. Lemme know. Lemme know when y'all ready. All right. By by your head now. And repeat after me. All right. Dig God. Dear God, Thank you. Thank you For all of us being here. For all Of us being Here, being able to see 2025, seeing 2025. Allow the rest of the year. Allow the rest of the year To be fruitful. Be fruitful, blessing. Bless It. Let tonight show. Let Tonight show. Be one to remember. One To remember. To my people of New Orleans, to my People in New Orleans.


I fucking love you. I fucking Love you. Amen. Hey, I hope I just have a question before we, before we start, if cursing offends anyone, I do not fucking apologize. Thank you again for the Southern University's human Jew box. They are incredible. If anyone wants to donate to the band's foundation, the link is pinned at the top of the chat. I am going to be the first one to donate. I am going to give 25,000 outta my own pocket.


Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Real. I gonna spin up that Boo Money mobile. That Boost Mobile my money. I'm gonna spin it. Okay. Okay. Okay. So if, if you donating 25, right? Yeah. So I got the match. What you doing? Huh? Gotta Match it. I do. You ain't got to. I mean, but I should. You probably, should You make rail match your tip donation. You got mad at rail. I saw where real. Talking about, oh, you got rail, you gotta donate. Gotta tip five 1500. Right, right. Okay. You gotta match. Well, Shit, I'm a ma. I'm, I'm a give 25,000 too bitch. Did you? So Southern University Human Cuba, you got 50,000 coming from UNC Ocho.


Hello New Orleans. Thank you for everyone that's here in person and watching at home. Thank you to all our sponsors. Boost Mobile Row and holmes.com. Thank you. Make sure you check out the merch table that's located upstairs. We've got Super Bowl shirts, hoodies, and hats. Make sure you stop by your way. Stop by on your way in or out.


This Nightcap episode is brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com and join their nationwide 5G Networks today. And now it's time for News Cap presented by Boost Mobile.


We gotta start off with the great news. The 2025 Pro Football Hall of Class Hall of Fame class announced former Minnesota Vikings Chiefs, Barry and Panthers defensive end. Jared Allen. Oh, former Saints, Eagles, Raiders, cornerback, Eric Allen, former Chargers tied in my boy Antonio Gates. And last but not least, my hero. My role model. Sterling Shark Ocho.


Yeah. This is a really, really small class. This is the first time. I can't remember a time when they put so few in. Yes sir. There were a lot of, I mean, I thought, I think people thought Eli would be a first ballot, right? Luke Hinkley would be a first ballot. There are some guys that a lot of people thought, it seems like to me the, the committee went back and says, hold on. We putting guys in a lot of guys in the first ballot. That's supposed to be for rare, rare rarefied air. Most definitely. I mean, guys, I mean, you know guys like a Lawrence Taylor and, and I told, I was talking to some voters last night. I'm like, why y'all waiting to put Tom Brady in? What's the discussion?


Right? Some guys are, are, are, are worthy of not even being discussed. Right. But a class of four, that's a rarity. Ocho I mean it is, it is rare. But what you want, what what the committee has to understand is the Hall of Fame is for an elite class of players. Yes. You know, and then you think about some of the people that aren't getting in, they didn't play long enough. Their resume isn't what it should be. And if you look at the, the landscape of what's been going in, sometimes they don't really meet the requirements. Yeah. You know, it, it, it more so looks like who you know and based on relationships, some people getting in ain't supposed to be there. It seems like they, the committee definitely taking a step back and making say, let's make sure we evaluate this thing properly and make sure we putting the right people in.


Alright. Here are some notable awards for NFL Artists tonight. AP Comeback Player of the Year. Joe Burrow. Best quarterback. Best quarterback in the league. Best quarterback in the league. Best quarterback in the league. He ain't even the best quarterback in the a LC North Best quarterback in the league. You Do know Lamar Jackson in that Man. Manu Mount Manu Mount AP Offensive Player of the Year. Saquon Barkley AP Defensive Player of the year. Passer Tan II Bronco Country, AP Offensive Rookie of the Year. Jayden Daniels. Yeah.


AP Defensive Rookie of the Year. Jared verse the Rams. He's good. And next stats moment of the year. Jayden Daniels Hail Mary against the berries. Yeah. We'll update you more of these awards. The only awards that we don't have don't have currently AP MVP Coach of the Year. Walter Peyton, man of the Year. Ocho, who do you got winning MVP. Listen, I hope they don't try to, I hope they don't try to play games. Yeah. Okay. We know who's supposed to be the MVP based on what he's done this season. I don't care if he did have Derrick Henry. Lamar Jackson should be the MVP Proud.


You agree. Lamar Jackson. Lamar Jackson. Okay. Okay. Well, don't seem like me get a lot of discussion. Cleveland Brown start to defensive events, miles Garrett to have expressed his openness to exploring and opportunities with another team, including the Philadelphia Eagles Garrett, who's been a cornerstone of the Browns defense is being drafted first overall in 2017, has reportedly requested a trade citing a desire to compete for championships as the primary motivation. When asked about the possibility of joining the Eagles, Garrett responded enthusiastically stating Philadelphia, who in the hell wouldn't wanna be in that destination? This is fuel speculation about the potential tobolt, the Eagles pass rush.


Especially considering they need to rejuvenate the defensive front Ocho. Do you see the Eagles giving up the draft capital and potential assets to draft to get Miles? Garrett, Listen. The way Harry Roseman and Jeffrey Lu have been doing things and doing everything the right way, very strategically and methodically, and building the team that they have, drafting well and making the right key offseason acquisitions. I could see 'em doing it. I, I could see, I could see 'em doing it, but also it, it damn wouldn't be fair with what they have. Yeah, it would. You got Miles Garrett. Yeah. You got Jalen Carter. Yes. You got Jordan Davis. Then you got say Quan coming back. Yes. You got AJ Brown, Devonte Smith, an Jake.


That, that ain't fair. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay. This is what is gonna require you to get Miles. Garrett. What I'm gonna need Mitchell, your number one corner, I'm gonna need Devonte Smith, your number one wide receiver. I'm gonna need two first rounders and a third. Jesus Christ. Hey, Think about, hold on, hold on. Y'all said no. Think about what the Phil, what Seattle got for Russell Wilson. Two firsts a second, a third, no offense, your starting quarterback and a starting defensive lineman. What y'all, what y'all Think? And Russell, do y'all believe Russell is a better player than Miles Garrett? No.


So y'all making, y'all making the trade? You getting rid? See they said no. They, they said No. I've gotta I've gotta get some. I look, I've gotta get, I gotta get something. I want a number one corner to pair with Denzel. That, that Was robbery. What you just said though, that's robbery. Do You believe you get you getting the premier, a premier edge rusher that's under the age of 30. But look what you just asked for Keon Mitchell, you Think I'm Devonte Smith? Who you think up? The dad was married first. Give you Luca for free. You can get something, but not what you just asked for. Okay. Well, I I'm gonna go on somewhere else. Hey, Detroit.


What y'all got? What about Jameson Williams? No. What about Jack Campbell? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. What? Damn. Nobody, nobody else is tearing their team apart. Especially teams that were in contention. You still got La Porta, you still got Almond Raw. You still got the two-headed monsters in the backfield. See, then You, then you lu Jameson Williams. You ain't got nobody to take the top off the coverage. Well, you need somebody to stop the coverage or for the other opposing team. Did you see what Jane Daniels did when he went in there? Okay. You right, you right. I I think it's gonna look, it's not gonna just be draft capital. I'm gonna need starting assets. I'm gonna need something that I can plug and play. And That can make a difference right now. Yes. Yes. Because you getting a difference maker.


The guy was defensive player the year last year. He was on the ballot again this year. This year. So you getting a premier guy that's last four seasons. He's had at least 14 sacks. He's had double digit sacks six of the last seven years. I gotta get something for it. Those guys don't throw on trees. I don't see the defensive end position. Similar to the quarterback position. The quarterback position always has the ball in their hand right now. I know a defensive end, a very good one. Like Miles. Gary can change the dynamic of a game at any point. But I, I don't see them commanding and taking the game over the way a quarterback can. Miles Garrett, Jalen Carter. Zach Broun. Jordan Davis. Yeah, but what you, what you just asked for, for Miles Garrett is robbery with no mask.


Nolan Smith Jr. No. Dean? No, no. I keep my squad together. 'cause my squad I got right now him, We in the Super Bowl. Okay, well don't worry about it. I'll take him somewhere else. I'll shop him somewhere else. Since you didn't want him. I offer you didn't want him. Cincinnati Bingos quarterback Joe Burs has expressed a strong desire to retain key teammates, including wide receivers. Jamar, chase t Higgins, as well as Defensive end, Trey Hendrickson Burr emphasized the importance of keeping the core players stating we have Cap space to get it done. Trey t Jamar, Mike G we all wanna play together to facilitate retention of these pivotal players. Burrow has indicated a willingness to restructure his own contract.


Ocho I mean Joe is doing a great job of putting pressure on Mike Brown. You know Mike Cheek? Yeah. The Eagle be crying on the dollar. He squeezing so tight. I somebody gotta, somebody has to take a pay cut. Somebody gotta take less. Ain't No pay cut. Watch fine Somebody, well you take listen. If, if Joe Burrow, listen to me real quick. If Joe Burrow restructures his contract right, then you gotta pay Jamar Chang. Jamar Chases need 40 a year. You do know what restructure mean. Okay, I'm gonna take, instead of giving 40 million, go ahead and gimme 38 million signing bonus. But I'll pay for 2 million this year. I understand that. But then t Higgins still gotta take, he has to take less. I ain't taking what this is my first time getting paid.


That's the whole point. That's what I'm talking about. It's, I I don't, you don't, you don't work your ass off to make it to the league. And then your first deal, all the work you put take a pay cut. You take a pay cut. No, you know, you don't, you don't do that. No, you can't. You Hold on. Josh Allen won MVP. How, What, what'd he say? He said They say Josh Allen won MVP. What? Hold on. Huh? Hold on, hold on. Time out. Chad. Chad help me out. How can he be the MVP and not the All Pro quarterback?


You remember I told you, y'all remember it happened to LeBron, LeBron didn't win Defensive player of the year. And, and, and Sal, mark Sal. Right? The second team. All defense. And he won Defensive player of the year. Huh? Wait, are y'all sure? I'm shocked. I'm shocked. They look at your phone. Look at your phone. I ain't got My phone. You got your phone. He said he got it right there. Nah, that's bullshit. Hell no. Oh, Joe, Rick.


Ah, that's bullshit. I'm shocked. That's crazy. We talked about this. I said Ocho, I don't know how out I, I'm I'm trying to figure, I I'm trying to wrap my mind around, because here's the thing guys. These are the same 50 men and women that voted for the AllPro team. So how do you not vote? Josh Allen, the first team AllPro quarterback, but you voted MVP It makes no sense. It makes no sense at all. And it and it, and it it is, it's in a, not a testament, but the games that they play. Yeah. They pick and choose who they want. Who they want regardless to the accolades and regards to your resume and the numbers. The numbers speak for themselves. Basically what the bar has done, And I'm not Look, had, had Josh Allen was first team all pro Ocho.


I don't think we have a disagreement. Right, right, right, right. Because we said Ocho, he was first team all pro. Mm. The only thing I was certain of, and I said Ocho, so unless something funny goes on the first team, all pro quarterback is normally the MVP or the first team All pro. I mean, think about it. Is it, is This, the first time this happened was someone that wasn't all pro but got one the mvp? Yes. Because some Oh no, sometime. No, not for the quarterback. Not for the quarterback. Okay. That'll be the equivalent. Derrick Henry is second team all pro running back. But he wins off as player of the year. People are like how I'm saying, how They wanted to give Josh something. They wanted to give him some.


Yeah. This ain't no handout. We don't do no handouts here. You say They, they don't do no handouts in the nfl, but they just handed them an MVP. I'm shocked. I I, I'm shocked. Ocho I'm, I'm, I didn't, That don't make no sense. Somebody said DEI. Come on man. That's that's a good one. DEI That's a good one. Yep. It's true. We just got on the notes. Josh Allen won the MVP. That's crazy. I, you know what? I can't wait to get some of the people that's gonna come in here. Yeah. That was at that.


Right. I wonder what the fans, I know Twitter's going bonkers. They, because every, because for the most part, everybody thought it was a foregone conclusion that Lamar was gonna get back to back a three time MVP. Yeah. But I I, I, I'm not the only one. Kevin O'Connell won Coach of the Year. No surprise there. Right, right, right. Minnesota Vikings, what he was able to do, lose his quarterback. What was they, 14 and three, three out outstanding record. Sam Donald had a good year. Had good Year. No surprise there. But I am, man, I am shocked. I'm beyond shocked. I'm, you know what, I'm, you know what I'm not even shocked by. That's just how the machine works. Damn. That's how the machine work. They pick and choose.


Well, they, they, they, well, they chose him. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know who doing the picket and the chooser, but they chose him. I could tell you who doing the picket and the choosing. Kelly Stafford wife of Matthew Stafford had openly expressed her frustration regarding the recent, recent trade rumors involving her husband and star wide receiver Cooper Cup on her podcast morning after Kelly addressed the unselling nature of these speculation, emphasizing the importance of respect and value within the organization. She stated, I value being respected and wanted over convenience. If someone doesn't feel valued, then let them go on an adventure. Kelly also voiced our confusion over potential trade of Cooper Cub highlighting its pri pri pivotal role in the team's success.


She remarked, I'll say, trading away Cooper, I'm a little confused because we won play away from the NFC championship. Now the season, you're talking about trading away your veteran receiver who's been a pillar in place for eight years. Ocho we talked about this. Nobody's surprised about this. Yeah. With the emergence of Trooper Cup, I mean, excuse me. What Puka Yeah. We're not surprised by this. Well, O obviously I said it before I say it all the time. Especially when it come to even the greatest receivers of all time. They find a way to work you out. They find somebody to replace you. They put them, they put that person in the position to make the plays and get the opportunities that you used to get. Cooper Kupp was just Triple Crown when? Not too long ago.


21, 21. But three, three years, what? Four years ago. But it's been that long. What year we in 25? Oh, shit. Because 21 you on Super Bowl. Right. Right, right. But that mean that, that's just the business, the nature of the business. So Cooper Cup understands it. You understand that. Those of you that watch the game for a very long, long time understand this is the nature of the business and the way it works. Right. At some point, you gotta go when you hit a certain age, and So you get around 29, 30, they start playing with you. True. If you think about it, that's just a natural progression. Ocho, when the Bengals wanted to draft the receiver, they said, Ocho, we gonna take a receiver in the first round. AJ Green, we're gonna move on. We saw it firsthand with Jerry and t.


Yeah. In order for them to let this guy blossom, we want to give him, you gotta, we don't wanna disrespect you. Right. And just move the ball. You know, just basically move you out of the offense. We're gonna let you go to Greener Pass if you can find someplace up, someplace else to play. So, I, I'm not surprised by this Cooper, excuse me, P naco what he did his rookie season and then he followed it up again. We saw him, what he did in the playoff game. Yeah. We, we know what he represents. I'm not surprised by this. And especially Cooper Cups is getting up there a little bit in age, not over the hill. Right. But the injuries, that salary, it's like, nah, we gonna move On. Nah, we can't do it. We can't do it. He could still play though. He could still play. And I, I think of teams where he would fit in really well and the veteran presence will be good for them and the same type of offense.


Yeah. Cooper Cup and Green Bay. Good. It fits Minnesota. Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every Parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need.


homes.com. We've done your homework. Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored.


They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the Heart now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I Wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride.


We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. Well have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason Run.


No, it's not enough balls to go around. You already got Justin Jefferson. You got Jordan Addison and adding Cooper. Oh yeah. How y'all doing? Okay. Oh, it's your turn. He feel clean. He dirty. It's your turn this time.


What's up baby? It is your turn this time, man. What happened? You know what happened? What? You know what happened? Yeah. Me. You remember last time September? It was your, it was your turn. Yeah, I was under, I was under you. Remember? You remember that? It's his turn this time. Oh what I did. You showed your natural button man. Huh? You can't call me and tell me to call your lady right? And to try to get you back in the game and you ain't tell me what got you out the game. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh my bad. Yeah, my bad. You can't put me in them compromises situations now. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Hold, hold on. I called to say let me just pray with you for a minute before we get started.


By the time she got done I was cussing and you know I don't cuss. I say that. What he do? What? You gotta stop? I ain't, I ain't do Nothing. You gotta stop. Hold On. Listen to me. Like Stop. She Went through my phone. No dog. No, no dog. Oh. That wasn't it. No dog. It Was something else. I Ain't gonna tell them. But you know. You Know what? You gotta slow this Lamborghini down. Hold On. It's a new year and I got baptized. I got Baptized. I know that water dirty. I know water dirty. I promise you that water nasty. No, I'm gonna tell you he gotta Stop Don.


I, I ain't you too Old already told him he too over I junk. He doing What? He, he was having sex on live. Not me. Yeah, but I, how I get, how did I get in this? You started all this. I ain say got this. I wanna know what position you was in when you was making them sound. What position were you in when you back in that microphone?


Okay. My bad. It's your time. Hey. Nah, but I, but listen, lemme tell you something. Lemme okay, Lemme ask you. Hold on, hold on. Lemme, lemme ask. Okay. Call. Hey time bro. I need a favor man. What you need Ocho? You know I got your dog, man. My, me and my lady beefing, man. You know she went through my phone. She found something. She, I didn't want that part. Huh? I ain't get none of that. Oh, you didn't get none of that. I just got dog. I need you to call. Okay. But see this ain't the first time. Okay. This, you know, just history, his history here. So I know my role. So he Okay. Hey dog, I need you. I know my role. Hey dog, I need you. See when he calling me he really?


Yeah, because he know I'm coming in with Jesus. You got the Bible. Anybody could pray him back in. I could get him back in there. You got the Bible. Bible Just, But you gotta understand. Listen, 2024 for me, I had got baptized in 2023. So I found out throughout the year that shit was weighing off. It was weighing off. So what I did was I, listen to me now. Stay with me. Stay with me. I called, I called you. 'cause like it wasn't nothing I could say. Yep. That the scripture, the Bible said those things I wish not to do as those things I found myself doing. Right. That's you. Right. That's proverb, proverb Four 12.


You gotta stop now. You don't want, you don't, you don't learn two scriptures. You trying to use 'em like a stone. You trying to use them like it's a slingshot. You can't do that. This man here always talking about Proverbs. He don't arb. He got two scriptures. All he know is adverbs. Lemme tell you something. And what, what make me mad about him Is grandma taught him more than that. Yeah. You ain't no grandma. Ooh. You need grandma. You ain't make grandma, grandma, grandma got me around there one day on the porch. But you can't get baptized every year, huh? Yes. He, you can't get B. Yes he can. You, you don't b don't do that. Don't do that though. Because you know he got to be in church to baptize. I, I just want him to go. I went to church. That's what he did today. That's what I'm trying to tell you. They head, they head like that.


It's more than that though. You can't, you can't treat baptism like you get your registration from you. No. I, I I don't every year. Shannon, Shannon. That's not what, that's not the, not what it said in the bible, Shannon. Yeah. It's too soon for you to be counseling right now. It's too soon. I on the couch. I'm the big couch too soon now because we, we forgot how one too soon though. I'm on the big couch. Okay. Okay. You don't hit the big couch like, hey, I just, how you chastising me And he, I ain't chastising you. He ain't throwing a stone. He just trying to help. Yeah, but you can't put, he in a situation.


He need help. Right. Were you right, you. Yeah, but I, I'm at the dog house now though. Now you should be at the dog. But what, what did you learn? What did you learn? Time. Who do the best hair people. That hair messed up. Mm. What did you say? What do ladies that do the best hair, their hair be messed up. Yeah. All the time. I get And the nail people too messed up. And the nail people too. The nail people like they nails be tore up but they could do some nails. So you Right. Tell, lemme ask you this time you was just at the ceremony. I ain't done with him. Huh? I'm not done with, we, we, hey, we got another, we got an hour and a half. Okay. Alright. Josh Allen wins the MVP.


Who? Josh Allen. Josh Allen won the MVP. He did, they got Lamar out of both trophies. Yeah. Yeah. They got him outta the, the offensive offensive player year and the mvp. Yep. They gotta stop this man. I said the same thing because I'm No, no, no. That's nothing against Josh Allen. 'cause Josh Allen can play keep all let's straight and you'll leave him alone. 'cause he wear my shoes every game. So leave 'em alone every game. Thankfully. You got to be kidding me though. Yeah. I just left.


They must have did it when I walked out. Hey, time. Somebody said that was a DEI That was A-D-E-I-M-V-P. Because you and I had a conversation. Right. And I said time Lamar just won First team all pro quarterback. If he won first team all pro quarterback, that means 50 men and women thought he was the best player. How can you have a guy that's the first team all pro quarterback and he doesn't win. MVP? The guy won. MVP was second team. All pro quarterback. Well, I, I know somebody that was, had better statistics than everybody but one person as a quarterback and he won the Johnny Unites Award, but he finished eight in the Heisman.


How does that happen? Oh my bad. He is my son. That's how that happen. But It's a game. It's a games they play. Excuse me. It's the games they play, they make the rules. Who is, they don't be talking about. I don't need, I don't need to Say, say who they is. Don't be doing that. They, They don't need for context. But I'm just saying they make the rules, therefore they get to choose regardless to what Lamar Jackson did today. Josh Allen could play though. I never say couldn't play. He could play. But would you, if he was first Team AllPro quarterback, would you have had a problem with him winning the MVP? No. But Also The offensive MVP. He should have won offensive MP offensive player to you. Yeah. Player to you. I'm sorry. Before being the MVP.


Yes. He should have swept both of 'em actually. So What message is that telling you? Key sweat something, something just ain't right. Something so something something just ain't right. Hey, time off. Are you back in there? Huh? Are you back in the, in the house? I can't hear you. Yeah, she hear me. You heard me real? Where she at? She here Cherrelle. Where she at? Where She at? Here? Back Re where you at? Come here. Yeah. We here to come here for this job. Rel you back though? She here. You Back. Come here. Re that's Where in? Nah, She coming out. We still at separate houses. What? We still at separate houses.


You still At separate house? I'm at therapy. So What you doing at night? Huh? What you doing at tonight? What am I doing tonight? Yeah. You heard me? Let go to strip club. Anybody Say honey, they can hear him. You wanna go strip club? Why you going to strip club? I could go. Who wings a gym? No, no fives. Where she at? She gone. What? You were there when the Hall of Fame award announced? Yeah, I was there. I'm happy Eric Allen. You know I'm on the back. I'm happy I played. I'm happy Eric. Up. Come over here. Come over here. Come over here. Good Lord. Girl. That's, you know that nigga lost his mind.


You'll remember our conversation. I do remember the conversation and we're not gonna tell everything. But he showed, he showed his natural, didn't he? He showed his bare ass. Oh Lord. So is is he back? He working? No, not yet. So we Hold on, hold on, hold on. So we not together. Hey, don't be trying to check online either. He try. You see what he trying to on. Hold front. Hold on, hold on. Hey, in front of my company, My family. I answer the question. I'll be together or not. Hey, hey, hey. You gonna say let the dog back.


What's wrong with you? Hold on. What if that was your sister? Hey. Oh, your daughter. You heard Me? Remember that trip you talked about by going to the Dr, Excuse me, The trip we talked about by going to the dr. Yeah, we going to Dr. Now we going to Dr. I'm saying, oh, who is we? We, you and me. We just, all us going, we already planned this trip then don't y'all wanna see us go to the Dr. Hey. No, it wasn't a Dr. I don't wanna go. No, Dr. You just, it was Columbia. Oh. You just clowned me. We're gonna Columbia, you ain't gonna Dr. Need to go to Bible class. Where we need to go. Bible study. Bible study. I mean, you know what, Single people, No, only married people go to Bible study.


Huh? No, Don't, don't do that. No Uhuh don't do that. Don't do that Now don't do that. Oh, now y'all want me to go after you done came out here clouding me. You joined in. Well, she say We ain't together. So I'm going to the d I'm telling everybody what happened and about him and you. I ain't done got discriminated. You told us we going you all, y'all said we going together. I'm, I'm Going. I don't know about y'all. I gotta work. Me too. And you know how many jobs he got? Oh no. Hold on. We could work from out there. What you mean? We could work from out there. We Got wifi in the deal. Did did he ask for forgiveness? Chad, what you need to do?


You hold on. You didn't ask for forgiveness. Hold on. Yeah. Huh. Huh? I ain't hear anybody say hunker here. What you said. Did you ask for forgiveness? Yeah. From the Lord. That's a good one. Now that's a good one. What? Instead of wifi you need, Hey, what you need to do instead of that? I, on the end you need to put a e. Yeah. Wait, hold on. Say it again. Instead of that I on the end of wifi, you need to drop that I and put a EYE. Ah. Close enough. She gotta work for this, This mess. Lord Jesus. Huh?


You you just getting deeper and deeper. I about, I about to exit the stage. You know what? Re won't be coming back later when you, I'll be back when you walk out. Real walk in front of him. Oh. Ty say walk in front of him. See you trying to trip me. All right baby. He ain't crazy. Look at, look at it. Yeah. Hey, you gonna have to walk like that. Real. See you gotta stop dog. We had this conversation. What did I do wrong? Everything. No, I'm, I'm good. I'm good. I'm you not Good. Stop saying that.


You selfish. We in front of company selfish. Embarra. Selfish. He, they don't know what I'm talking about. But you selfish. That's why I stopped calling you selfish. That's why I stopped calling you. Y'all understand? We are like brothers. He's the little brother that stays in trouble. He's the big brother. No, he's the middle brother that, that I'm trying to man the Hall of Fame class. My brother. We're the first two brothers. Lake football. You the first two brothers ever Lake to the pro Football Hall of Fame. You sure? I'm positive. I let, I let you got a brother. I don't know about.


That is awesome. I know the Mannings are coming. I know Thes are coming is one of the best ones I've ever played against in my life. Playing against your brother was a task. See, I would've just beat Chad down. You know, I just, you're be who? What, what, what, what? I ain't stutter. I just don't make me take off this jacket. Don't make me come out this jacket. But I But your brother. When I got ready, when I, both of us from Florida, so we could talk all day now. But your brother, when I got ready to play your brother, Lord Jesus, you had to come with everything you had. You know the voters, they would always call me. So I got frustrated. I said don't call me anymore. I said, I'm gonna give you some numbers to call.


I said Call Prime. Call ane Williams. Call Darryl Green. Call Eric Allen a problem. Call Rod Woodson. He was a problem. I said, if y'all, you I say, those guys are all in the hall or on the cusp of EA is on the cusp. He's my faith. Ask them what they thought of my brother. One of the greatest ones to ever play the game. Physical, aggressive, violent, nasty, and would talk to you all day. But like yourself, he was one of the smartest receivers to ever play the game. He actually called some of the huddle plays for Brett. He raised Brett Farge.


So people don't know how intelligent he was. He knew the game like no other man. Also, Jared Allen got in. Jerry, shut up. I'm trying to think. Hold on off the top of my head. Jared Allen. Yeah, cowboy. He's the kill people. Oh yeah. Yeah. He did. Tell, tell. Just tell me. Who did Antonio Guy got in? This was a small class. They only took four. What you mean they only took four? They only took four. Why? Why They only took four. Why? I'm just telling you what they did. I don't know what. There was a lot of great names on there. I saw. No, no, they didn't go in. I'm gonna tell you what I can't believe. I can't believe they did that to Eli. No. E. Okay. It was Jared Allen.


Eric Allen and Antonio Gates and my brother. That was the four. Who was already, who else was up? Eli, Luke, Kiley. Luke Kiley didn't make dollar Fame. The career was so shiny. Wayne Ley was a dog. Reggie Wayne, Tory Ho. Steve Smith. Allen. Allen. Who? Marsha Yonder. Who? Marsha Yonder. D. He was an old lineman for the Ravens. Like a seven. Six time. Seven. Six. Seven time. Darren Woodson was on there. Darren Woodson. Yep. Didn't make it. Oh my God. Dallas Cowboys. Darren. Darren Woodson. Darren Woods. Yeah.


The Cowboys. Woodson. Fred. Free up. Freddy. T Fred. Freddy T. Fred T. Yeah. Oh my God. Chad should be up. You. You should be up. Who? You. I put my own jacket on. I ain't waiting on them people. I know I ain't waiting on lie. I ain't playing them games. They play. I ain't playing them games. Hey, hey. I promote this fight. I was wanna know if you wanna promote this fight with me. He challenged James Harrison de Yo. You lost your mind. Huh? You lost your mind. Debo. Debo was a killer. Do Deebo nasty too. He deebo Deebo strong. He physical, he violent. That ain't got nothing to do with fighting. What you talking about does The Volume.


So might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info. Perfect. For parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps is the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows The home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


You need Parts O'Reilly Auto Parts has parts need them fast. We've got fast. No matter what you need, we have thousands of professional parts. People doing their part to make sure you have it. Product availability. Just one part that makes O'Reilly stand apart. The professional parts people. Oh, oh, oh. O'Reilly Auto Parts.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know. Know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did.