
If, you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC Terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book and officials sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app, use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction Void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Oh, Joe, during the Cowboys win on Sunday night football against the Steelers, NBC honed in on a sideline exchange between Dak and cd. The moment a court occurred shortly after Prescott through an interception while attempting to connect with Lamb in the end zone today, CD was asked by reporters about what the words were shared between him and his quarterback. And he actually said, jump ball for jump balls. I got you. Yeah, I mean I I'm, I'm not, I'm not a lip reader, but I got, at that time I was able to, to, to take a guess at Woody was saying because at that point, if he did throw a jump ball, I know who was coming down with that.


Right. I know exactly what was coming down with that cd. Lamb would've come to 50 50 balls. Deandre Hopkins, 50 50 balls. Goddamn t Higgins 50 50 balls. Man, I don't know what them boys vert is, but them boys jump out the gym. They jump out the gym. So I understood exactly what cd what CD meant, but obviously in game when it's moving fast and Dak is trying to get the ball out his hands, it's different. Right. It's different. Right. That wasn't even no jump ball. I could see if he made him jump ball. I don't know if he was trying to throw a jump ball or a back shoulder and, and, and because CD was like, I'm like, CD was, that was gonna be no jump ball there Ocho You don't think so?


No. He hit the guy right in the chest. I mean, you gotta make the guy if it's a jump ball, you gotta make the guy jump though. Right. Yeah, that's what I meant. That's what I meant. That's what he wanted. He wanted to be up there so he can, you know, go get that thing right. But look, in exchange like that, you know, sometimes people say things in the heat of the battle like, come on bro. Hey, gimme a better ball. Hey CD just come out. Better said, look, You never got you, you ever got into it with John? Nah. No. That ain't gonna, well, I I told you my one incident, my little one incident with Carson. I mean, we had, we had one, it was one man we, we was playing.


In fact, we were playing the Steelers. I'll never forget where I was. Like he threw a ball and I wasn't getting as many targets as, as I as I'd like. So I finally got one and it was a little awful. I couldn't get to it. And I told you, man, I pulled that goddamn, I pulled that goddamn chin strap and walked back to the huddle. But, and then Carson said, motherfucker, if you ever show me up like that on national television, I'll never throw your fucking ass a ball again. I said, all right, I got you because we, it was Monday night or Thursday night, I throw the camera. You like, man, man, don't you ever do that? Nah, you can't. That was, that was that, that was a one issue one I one time.


That was it. I don't know if you notice, you don't see them guys do a, a Brady and Manning like that. Them quarterback. You ain't do Marino and Montana and them. What? Yeah. Nah Man, please. They got too much control. You think you not getting no balls. I try going, try going two games with four targets. Right. Woo. Shit. Shit. Exactly. You come to quick. Oh yeah. You know I got you. My bad. Yeah, yeah, I got you. You right, you right. But look, like I said, it's the Cowboys. It's a Monday night. Obviously there's frustration. It was, it was a bad read.


It was a misread or a terrible throw by Dak, whatever the case may be. Obviously, you know, D's upset with himself because it was a horrible read. CD's upset because they, if they got their signals crossed and it's on national television and everybody's looking like, man, that was ter like I said, it, it had to be a misread. 'cause how else would it explain that less CD by that, that much, that bad Ocho It had to be a misread. Somebody had to be thinking something and it was something else. That's the only thing, that's the only conclusion that You can draw from that ocho. But like I said, if it was a, if he had thrown it, thrown it and you know, CD had to go up to get it. Yeah, Okay, fine.


But he hit the DB in the chest. Yeah. Yeah. But listen, I know one thing, they better get it together. Oh yeah. Because they got goddamn Detroit lions and the Detroit Lion could do one thing. And we know what that the Achilles heel for the Dallas Defense is. That's the running game. And that goddamn David Montgomery and Jamir Gibbs be toing the hell out that rock. They told it, they Told it. I ain't even gonna mention the pass game and having to deal with Jay Mo and God ah, Ross St. Brown And the Porter Boy. It's gonna be a long, it's gonna be a long day in Jerry's world. Boy. Marshawn Lynch hinted at the possibility run for mayor of Oakland on a podcast as he co-host with longtime agent Doug Hendrickson.


And guess governor Gavin Newsom. It might be a possibility. Lynch said he recently told a confidant, both Newsom and Hendrickson encouraged Lynch to go beast mode in the race beast mode for mayor. I like it. Yeah, For sure. I like it. He wouldn't have much to say when he on the mic though. You know, he'd be a little, he'd be a little short winded. But I like it. I I could see him up there. Like, I always thought about like, I probably couldn't do it, you know? But I just wanna get in front of the people and tell the people how much I love them. I'm really good at talking in front of crowds. Like I'm, I'm not saying I'm Obama, I'm not saying that, but my delivery and my ability to engage.


Talking with those. Huh? You talking? Oh yeah. Anyway. My ability to engage with, with crowds and, and, and, and bring you in and have a a, a good wifi. That means connection. You know, with, with those in front of me. I'm really good at that. So anyway, chat. What y'all doing? Chat. Y'all good? Yeah. Welcome to Nightcap. Welcome to Nightcap. Y'all wanna hear me rap O huh? Y'all wanna hear me rap? They call me Ocho. I don't play no games. What you wanna do? I'll put you to shame. You know who I am? I don't play. No, I am, I'm used to the Fame.


What you wanna do? I'm a crazy Oh Lord. Hey Marcia. I'm Chad. I am so sorry. I am so sorry. 'cause I try to do all I possibly can to make sure I don't leave him on the mic by himself. Nah, we good? We good. I was just, I was, I was singing my verse for this new song I coming out with future. Back to the future. No, no, no, no. Future. Future Hendrix. Like future like Pluto. The future from a l Huh? Future from a TL The hit Make Future. Yeah. We got a song coming out in December. Oh, oh, okay. Yeah. Jayden Daniels dismisses Lamar Jackson comparison before the Commander's Ravens game. Daniel told reporters, I don't like when people try to compare me to Lamar.


We're two different players. Yeah. I want to be known as Jayden. Daniels not the next such and such. Yeah. You like that response, don't you? Yeah, I do. I love it. I love it. Lamar, Lamar Lamar backed it as well. They had two completely different type of players. I know because they're probably dual threat quarterbacks. They wanna, they wanna compare both of them. But that, that, that's, that's not, that's not the fact, that's not the fact. I think Jayden Daniels is pocket passer who can also be a dual threat quarterback. I think Lamar Jackson was a run first quarterback who has developed and honed the skillset of being a passer as well. Yes, I agree. But they both have similar style. They both have similar styles to their plate, but the comparison No, I-I-I-I-I don't like it.


I don't like it at all. I agree. But I like what both had to say about it. I mean, look, I think when Lamar came out, they had a very similar Bill Black. Yeah. Won the Heisman was tremendous with their legs, great. Throwing the football. I think both of 'em would had the same record. I think both of 'em lost like three games or something in the year, which they won the Heisman. Right. Sensational dynamic legs. Elusive can make plays in the pocket, can make plays out of the pocket. But I get it like, bro, let me be me. I just wanna be me. And if, if, if being me doesn't lead to some of the accolades that Lamar, I, I could be okay. I'm okay with that. I'm okay with that.


But I don't have a problem with what the young man said. He's a phenomenal, I love watching him play. He is, he is so gifted. He's so good at throwing the football already, like you said. I mean, he can't he run? Hell yeah, he can run, but I think he's not, he's not a a, a guy Ocho that's like, that would throw caution to the way and, and just take off running. Right. And he runs for, he runs for and with a purpose. Yeah. But he's definitely looking to go 1, 2, 3. Okay. Nothing there. Let me go. Not there. I'm out. Yeah. And right and rightfully so. And he, and, and he, he's played extremely well outside of that first game mojo. He's been, he's been lights out ever since he's been light side ever since.


So it's, I'm happy for him. Good to see him play. He's he's been phenomenal. I did not expect him because c CJ just happened. And that's what you and I was talking. I said, oj what's the likelihood of one of these guys coming behind CJ and doing what CJ did you like? Man, that ain't very good man. Because we had never seen a CJ do that before. Right. I mean, you gotta go back to like Andrew luck that, that, you know, that was well luck, luck had an okay season. But when you look at, when you look at Jayden and you look at his command of the offense, it's like, bro, your rookie, you ain't supposed to be doing that. Yeah. You ain't Supposed to be doing that.


Not at that level already. Yeah. I thought you'd gonna take you a couple years, but he's so far ahead of where, but these, but you know what Ocho a lot of these guys, they're, they do these seven on seven camps. These jokes got for pro coaches and high school. Yeah. They're getting pro coaches to work, footwork to work, release to work, throwing in motion to process information. Ain't nobody watching no damn tape in high school. These guys watching tape in high school Now what tape we lined up and played on Friday and made adjustments. Made adjustments in the game. Made adjustments in the game. Oh, we thought they was gonna run the wish bowl. Oh, they had to spread offense. Will you take him?


You take him. Okay. That's what we did, man. Yeah. Now these, these, these kids, these quarterbacks are so far advanced wide receivers. These high school wide receivers get with college wide receivers and they get with pro wide receivers and they're running routes and they're talking things. And you know what it is ocho, think about it, Alabama. Each one teach one Ohio State. Oh yeah. Each one teach one. You know, you had the lobby, you had Gary Wilson, you had and Jig, but, and you had Harrison Jr. And now you got these guys and then you had Julio and you had Amari, you had Ridley, you had Judy, and you had Ru and you had Jay. That's how you, that's how you the pipeline. You just keep it going Crazy.


Yeah. It, it, you know, the, the game against the Ravens will be a good test. It'll be, it'll be a good test for Jayden Daniels to play against the defense like that. It would be one of the better defenses that he's going to see this year. So if he can remain composed with that kind of pressure, with, with understanding that they're gonna be coming after you. Yeah. You know, so I, I'm, I'm excited. I'm excited for him. I'm excited to watch Lamar as well. I think that will probably be one of the better games. This, this week. This weekend. Yeah, for sure. I can't, I can't wait for that one.


At the UPS store. We know being a small business owner means holiday time is still go time. Still get those orders shipped time and still re-up on stamps and supplies time. That's why this upcoming holiday, while others close up shop will be open and happy to help you keep being unstoppable. Come into your local store today. Most locations are independently owned. Product services, pricing and hours of operation may vary. See center for details. The UPS store be unstoppable.


Ojo, the Hassan Reddick situation just got weirder. CAA. Yeah. Reddick's agency has parted ways with the disgruntled defensive end. The jets have always fell all along that Reddick's agent wanted to get the deal done, but Reddick did not. Reddick's holdout has now cost him $9 million. The Jets traded for Reddick at the end of March, acquiring him from the Eagles for 2026. 2026 conditional third round pick. Reddick came to Florham Park for a physical and a virtual press conference, but has not been back since. He requested a trade in August. But the Jets general manager, Joe Douglas, said immediately the Jets would not trade him.


I, I, I don't Understand. I don't get there. Joe. I I don't understand. The Jets organization knew when they were trading for him. They knew what he wanted already. They, I'm, I'm sure they understood that. I'm not sure why you were trading for a player that's expecting a contract extension. I saw some people say, well maybe if he showed at the, showed up to camp and did what he's supposed to do, they would've paid him. Well obviously no, you, you traded for him for a reason based on what he did last year. So you understand the resume and, and, and the, the productivity is already there. So you're paying for just that and what's to come. It's, to me, it's confusing the fact that the actual agency, when normally it's the players that lead the agency, not the agency excusing themselves from the player.


That to me that that's a first. That's the first. So obviously whatever advice that they're giving him, he's not listening. So they're like, you know what, at this point you're digging yourself a hole. Right. And you making us look bad. Yeah. You making us look bad, we gonna exit stage left. And that's the thing. That's why I say the agency, the agent works at the bequest of the player. Right. Agents don't get to turn down deals. Players do they bring you the deal? Say this is what they're offering OCHO right now. They got five years, 25 million. They got $8 million signing bonus. No, they didn't enough. I ain't do, I ain't signing that shit.


Okay. I go ahead. They go back, it says, talk to our cl talk to my client. And we don't feel that it's it's market standard. Right. So it ain't like that. Okay. Yeah. We'll take it. You go back to the client, you says this is what they're offering. This is where they are. I think, let's wait a couple of days. I think we can go back. I think we can get a few more. I don't think we're gonna be able to get to the number that you're asking for. Right. But I think we can get to, I think we can get close. If we get close. Are you okay? Yeah. If you get close, I'm okay. I'm okay with it because I've always handled negotiation like this ocho.


Right. I would rather take a few less dollars and keep the relationship cordial. Yes. As opposed to having them begrudgingly give me more. And it ruins the relationship. That's just me now. Everybody doesn't think like that. Ocho I'm just saying me. Right. I'm willing to take less because the way I look at it over the life, $500,000 ain't gonna change my life. It's not because my agent always says, okay, Shannon, okay, you want x they're offering y let's just say you got another million.


That's really only 500,000. And then when I take my 3%, then what, what you've done is that you've had them begrudgingly give you more, you have begrudging them to have you basically, you ruin the relationship for $475,000 Thousand. Right. You know, some people don't play by they money now. Everybody's different. Everybody's different when they come to that money. It is, It is. I mean, and some people like they're okay with that. But for me, I love being able to go back to the Broncos. I love being able to go back to the Ravens. I love that. Right. I love, I I love the relationship that I still have with the organizations.


Right. And for, because here's the thing, Ocho, if you run through 30 million, you gonna run through 31. That's what, Hey, if you blow 50 million, I guarantee you you'll go blow 53. Yeah. But to eat your own. I don't. Look how y'all do business is how y'all do business. I'm okay. Right. I'm okay because I know I'm, I'm not gonna mess, I'm not gonna mess my money up. So I'm cool. But everybody, everybody is not like that. So when you look at it, you do what you do.


I don't know. This situation is, is not very, is not very, I don't see it any anytime soon. Because you've already no Ocho you already lost $9 million At this. At this point. You might, we just ride, ride it, ride it out all the way. But here's the thing, no Ocho, you can't ride it out. 'cause you, if you ride it out, guess what happens? What You losing the credit a year, Dude. You think you don't care nothing about that. That man want his money. Man. I'm trying to get all, I'm trying to get all them g Man, that man want his money, man. He ain't thinking about that. They knew that. They knew that from jump.


You knew what time it was. You already knew what type of time he was on. Well it seems like the Jeff feel like they, they've tried to work out something and he don't want it. But the agent, the agents is trying to work, work with him and he like, nah. Yeah, they probably ain't. Oh Joe, where you gonna get, where you gonna get that 16 million from? Shoot, I don't know bro. I should, I, I ain't, I ain't got it that good. I ain't got it. That good. Ocho, I can walk away from 16 mil. You got it. That good Ocho? Hell nah bro. Hell nah. But I ain got it. That good Right. Red Redick gonna have to tell it just, boy, they had to get it in blood now. Hey, I owe you who I owe you What? Well come, come get it. Nah, he ain't getting paid.


They I know. They're like, hey, we ain't paying nothing so we straight. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think I'm gonna ever have it that good ocho that I can walk away from 16 million. Wait, listen, don't don't, boy, don't don't do that. No, you, you never Ocho you, you will ask your question. What person? You know Jeff Bezos worth 300, two Elon Musk, all these guys worth billions and they get up and go to work. Jerry Jones, you think Jerry Jones gonna walk away from 16 million Jerry Jones worth 16 billion? Hell no. Exactly. That's my point. Do you know how much money you have to have to just walk away from 16 million?


You gotta be, that's, that's, that's different. Hey, Living no life like that, bro. Even if, even if I'm ocho even if I'm worth 200 million, bro, I ain't walking away from no 16 million. Nah, 16 nah. To eat your own a he gonna stand on principle. He's like, look bro, I I told y'all. Oh yeah, he, he holding his ground. Who he holding his ground. But he paying, he paying, he paying, he paying the piper for it. Carrie Underwood is paid $1 million each week to do Sunday night football themed song. Yeah. She films it all in one day and got paid $18 million for that.


She gets paid money to sing a one minute song. She gets paid more than to sing that one minute song than the following players. Travis, Kelsey, Christian McCaffrey, Sequan Barkley, CJ Stroud, Mike Evans, Joey Bosa, Quan Smith, Marlon Humphrey, Fred Warner, Aiden Hutchinson, sauce Garden, and Aiden and Derek Henry. Okay. Derek Underwood a real deal boy. Did you, what did she win? American Idol? Yeah. Yeah. I think it's an American Idol. She won one of 'em, one of them shows. And she, she been on a run ever since. Oh yeah.


Well Kelly Clarkson won the first one. I do know that. Yeah. I, I remember, I remember Miss Clarkson. Yeah. She got a TV show now, right? Yes. Yeah. Kelly Clarkson and I remember Big Rub, Ruby Stutter. I remember Fantasia, I remember Fantasia, Fantasia and I remember Karen. That's, I, I don't really know. I don't really know. I know there was a guy, Chris Daury. I think that was one. I think I, I used to watch it a little bit back then Ocho but after that I was just like, man, man, hey, get your money. I ain't got no problem with it. Getting that, getting that bread Ocho after missing the last two games with an oblique injury, quarterback Quin Ewers ERs is set to make a big return.


Hey, Quin, with someone taking Longhorns in the biggest game of the year, sarc Steve Sarkisian and Toll Reporters today, the ERs will be the starter for Sundays Red River rivalry game against Oklahoma. Sophomore. Arch Manning has started the last two games in his absence and helped lead Texas to back to back wins ocho, do you like this move? Yeah, absolutely, man. Quin Ewers Quin Ewers ERs is a senior. He's also a Heisman candidate. Despite missing two games he wants, he needs to continue putting together his resume for the draft, his upcoming season. Yep. The smallest sample size we saw of Arch Manning. He will be here for another two, maybe three years.


And Texas is in good hands when it comes to the quarterback position. I agree. Let Quin Ewers, let, let Quin Ewers finish his off his senior year, do what he needs to do. It's gonna be a good game against Oklahoma. I'm excited. I will be watching it and we will be talking about it. Yeah. And that's pretty much it. I almost went to this game, Ocho, but you know, You go, Hey, I might, I might go depending, I know how airlines are hiking up prices after, you know, issues. I'm thinking about going to the Colorado, Kansas State game in Denver or Boulder this weekend.


Yeah. So would I fly, I fly in, I fly into Denver, right? Yes. You fly to Denver and then you'd, I don't know, you'd have a car service pick you up or you drive up To Boulder. May have somebody pick me up, drive up to Boulder. Coach Prime is not a fan of Colorado's late start time against Kansas State on Saturday. The buffaloes will kick off at 10:15 PM Eastern against the Wildcats. Coach. Prime totally disagrees with that. Yep. What does that time, who does that? I mean, who has the power to sit up there and say, yeah, I'm gonna make a play at eight 15 Mountain Time when told the television station network decide the Times Time questioned why the team got a bump to such a late start.


But how stupid is that? How stupid is that? Right. I don't like that. Nope. I don't like that. Because now that, that, that affects me, that affects us when it's time for us to go live. Oh, Go. Yo man. I'm thinking hold on that game. Come on at, so that'll be 10, no, that'll be six 15 our time, right? Yeah. Seven. Seven. That's an hour. That hour. So that'd be seven 15. Okay. Man, Ocho man, we ain't coming on till like 9 30, 10 o'clock. Well, you know what, when I think about it, even though it'll be be kind of late, people still gonna show up. Oh yeah. They still show up. But just like the movie field, just like the movie Field of Dreams.


Yeah. Build it, build it. They will come and that. They do, they've been showing up. They've been showing up and showing out. I think time issue is you got 18, 19, 20-year-old kids. Right. How you keep them cooped up in a hotel room? These not grown men. Oh, all day. Yes. Oh, Joe, they're in a hotel. There's only so much video games You can play. Yeah. How do you keep the kids focused that length of time sitting there. So I think that's time's issue. It's gonna be, I I'm sure when we get it back on, I'm gonna make sure that's one of the questions that we asking bro.


Mm mm Yeah. Mike Tyson is expecting much of a fight when he squares off against Jake Paul next month. He said he doesn't anticipate Paul will go the distance if he, if he doesn't try to run from Tyson, I, if I don't have to catch him, You can expect a round one knockout. But I may have to catch him because I anticipate this guy running for me. When Tyson steps into the ring at at and t Stadium, it'll be the first time fighting in since the exhibition that he fought Roy Jones Jr. In 2020. Tyson hasn't fought professionally since 2005. ocho what are your expectations? Listen, I love Jake.


I love all that Jake has done for the sport of boxing. From an entertaining aspect, from a influencer aspect and showing people that anything is possible when you, when you set and put your mind to it. I don't know what to spectrum from the fight, but I do know even at 57 years old, if Mike Tyson decides to turn up, decides to be aggressive, decides to come out this fight, like he's always come out in his prime when he was younger. Just with that same, that same mindset of closing the distance and being a pressure fighter, bobbing, weaving, bobbing, weaving, bobbing, weaving in and out like he normally does.


It can get ugly. It can get ugly. Who you Taking? You taking Tyson or Jake? I, I mean, I I would take Tyson. This, this is, this is, this is dangerous. Even at 57, UNC I don't, I don't think you understand even at 57 Tyson in 57 about be 59, 60 E even still, still, even at that age, unc, the power, you can't replicate that power even at that age. Yeah. Because whoever you sparring against, whoever you doing whatever type of training with, you can't replicate that power, that low center of gravity that Tyson, even at his age, I don't think people understand, man, you lose it, you lose it, you know it goes away.


But come on man. We talking about one of the, the most deadliest punches of all time, man, I'm not even sure what Mike Tyson percent knockout percentage rate was. Yeah. He was just, I think actually I think Big George had a, a high percentage I think. Who else? The guy Muhammad Ali knocked out in main to take the heavyweight title, the big, the Denver, Colorado. What's the guy name? Who met the first when the holy, when Tyson won the heavyweight fight?


Not Tyson. When Muhammad Ali. Oh shoot. I don't know. Oh my god, I can't think of the guy's name. He was actually, he was, he was the bouncer for the mob. Sonny Lifton. Oh, Sonny. God damn Sonny. Yeah. They probably have high knockout percentages in Tyson. Right. But he had, he had, obviously he had, he got had power, he had dynamite that to the body and then come up through the guard with that upper cut. That was his watch. Listen, hey, listen, if it, but I don't think you understand, man. It could get ugly if he decide to turn up, you know, I'm sure.


I'm sure he is going. He's got, I'm sure Tyson gonna work with him, but, oh God, you know, there, there's, I love what Jake is doing, but there's, there's ringing experience for a reason. There's Ring IQ for a reason. Gotta, and dude, these dudes been doing this since they was 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 years old. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. And it's different man. Yeah, For sure. The way you see punches, it's different. You gotta see those punches. Ocho hey, and Even, hold on. Even if you do see him, you don't understand the power behind it until you got the damn 10, 10, 8 ounce love on. Oh, it's a different ballgame. Ain't no headgear. Oh yeah.


All right Ocho, now it's time for our first segment. It's time for Q and a. Q and a. Q and a. Q and a. Oh I think Ocho if I'm not mistaken, before we get started, I think it's one of our MOD's birthday. I think it's Lainey Ray's birthday. Happy birthday. Lainey Ray, I don't know if you're in the chat, you probably at the bar celebrating, which, that's where I would be if I was, you know, you guys' age, I'd probably be celebrating too. But we want to tell which happy b chat. Let's wish Lainey Ray I very happy birthday. We don't know what, what number that is 'cause women don't like to share, share their birthday. But happy birthday Lainey Ray, I hope you enjoy today with family, friends and loved ones and you enjoy many, many more to come.


So happy birthday Lainey Ray four. KT said I'm a Seahawk fan and we need to tank for Shado Sanders. Oh, Chill, chill, chill, chill, chill. Gino Smith is doing just fine. He had a bad game. He had an historic season last year. His best to date guys are fine. Just, just relax. JW from Akron said Ocho. I hope this match, I hope this match with Harrison and some bull drive. He's deep For more reason. And I beat the shit outta, I'm finna beat the shit outta Marvin. I'm talking about Marvin Harrison. I'm finna beat the shit outta James Harrison. Man. I Don't know. Ask me if this fight for real man. Yeah, I mean you, I think you got a better chance against Marvin, but, okay, he also said he's from Akron.


We're wired different. He gonna put foot in you, fold you up. Oh. Can't afford to be out there with you on ir from the show. Hey, and stop playing with me man. I ain't, I'm not a lawn chair. I ain't nothing about me getting folded. Okay. James. James, James Harrison from Akron. Yep. Okay. Probably, you know, when I submit him or probably when I knock him out, I hit that LeBron James. Oh, you hit that silence on him. Yeah, that that's what I'm gonna do. That's what I'm gonna do. Stephanie Warfield said Happy World Mental Health day and happy birthday to my mais bestie Laney Ray. Happy birthday and many more. We love you. Hope you are hitting, hitting your the he hitting the sheets.


I mean streets. Oh damn. I'm like, damn. Well I'm like, is this my eyes? Hope you're hitting the sheets. I mean the streets for your special day. Yes. Lady Ocho and I and everybody here at Nightcap One wish you happy birthday. Hopefully you enjoy some, some r and r. It was what Thursday? Do people get their, do people get their work birthdays off At work? Yeah. I mean, no. Well, no, no, no, no. Not not in not a nine to five or corporate world. Absolutely not. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh. So maybe she took PTO, I don't know. But hopefully Laney, everybody here at Nightcap wanna wish you a very happy birthday. Hopefully you'll enjoy some time off.


And, and we'll talk to you soon. Nice Said hello Shannon and Ocho. Ocho. I didn't know you had bars, you turned the show into a night trap for a minute there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, you know I I, I do a little something. I don't, I don't do it too often 'cause you know, if ain't no check, ain't no check being cut. I really don't really spit like that there. But I just wanted to give you a quick eight. Just a quick eight just to let you know what I could do. Give you a small sample size of what? What me and Future got cooking Ocho? Yeah. Snicker bars. Kit Kat Hershey bars. Them the only kind of bars you got, bro. Right, right, right, right. I like them bars right there.


And sometimes I take 'em from the Milky Way, you Know. Oh nah, man. Milk come about Joe. You can't eat no Milky Way. No Three Musketeers. Huh? I used to make some clay when I was in second grade. He called me late. Yeah. Yeah. That was nice. That's that, that just, that's a small, that's just, that's a little snippet. That's a little snippet of what I could do. I try to feel, you feel me? I try to build my best behavior when I go to these people hotels. 'cause you never know when you're gonna have to come back. But if I didn't care, I would go outside and I would yell at the top of my lung, but Right. Yeah. Don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that.


Don't do that. But listen, when I sell out, when I start selling out arenas, you gonna want a ticket. You gonna want A ticket. Can't want to know if you heard his rap from earlier today from the BET awards. What rap you had Ocho at the BET Awards? Well, you ain't see that I did decipher and I had a, I had a a I had a good line in there too. You heard me? I didn't, I didn't see it. I had no listen at the end of it. Like, I started kind of shaky. 'cause I ain't, I ain't, the beat was storming me off a little bit. But once I got into a rhythm, I got a line in there. Right when I'm home, it's wifey time.


Sounded like Shannon on IG Live. That shit was so cold. How You gonna put me in your rap? Hey, I swear to God, you, you ain't where Ash at? Ash ain't that with you? Yes. Yeah. Tell tell Ash that. No, I ain't telling, but I'm trying to figure out why you put me in your soul. Because it had just, it had just happened like three days ago and I went to do the siphon be, I was like, you know what, let me put this in my rap. That's how I'm telling you I got bars. You gotta check it out. Listen to it. Tell Ash play. It's on my page. Yeah. Sounded like Shannon on. Hey, I was on that thing flowing. Boy.


Hey, I'm listen, when you hear it, you gonna like it though. Oh Lord. Have mercy. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, if y'all playing on the current guidelines of the NFL today, how would you adjust your technique style of play, physical, physically, to adapt? Would you keep the same? No. I mean, I would be perfect. I would've to adjust nothing. I have Nothingly, absolutely. Oh, they couldn't hit they couldn't do this to the, the five yard incidental contact. Nothing. Nah, nah Doc. I would be, I would be perfect. I'm, I'm perfectly built with the way that I played. I'm even better suited for today's game than I was back then.


Kera Norwood Jr. Said Unc, my question, what is your favorite hard Knocks moment? Mine was rookie talent show. When, when he played you in Baltimore. I think that was everybodys favorite moment. That was, that was funny. Yeah. That, I mean, that was, that was great. That was really the first time Hard Knocks has been in existence ever since then. And wherever I go, I mean, people talk, talk about hard knocks. They always talk about that was the best hard knocks because they feel that was whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What that The best hard knocks for that 2009 Bengals. Y'all was good. Y'all was good, but hey, I coulda got a Academy Award for carrying that show by myself that year.


Mm. Chad what y'all think? Which, which hard knocks y'all think was better? The 2009 Bengals or the oh one bro or the oh one Ravens. I don't, I don't even know if they Well, well I I know they, they know they gonna agree with me. I agree. I know they gonna with I know they gonna agree with me. The rookie. 'cause all, all my sayings came from that. What, what else? All the, all the rookies they performed the guy that, that that did Ray. Yeah. Oh, that was funny. Hey that, hey. That was funny. I mean, that was, they were great. They, they, they, they were great. Abraham Soir come back to Houston and Ocho play me in fifa. If you want a whip it 500 a game.


Hell, I ain't paying no playing no goddamn 500 a game. Now you know how fan financially savvy I am. You think I'm gonna play for five oh a game? Stop playing. You scared? Nah, he ain't even gonna win. Ain't about being scared. I got Avery and Back scared. I got him. I'm taking him. No you ain't. Yeah. Him. No you ain't. What a friend we have Jesus. Okay. Oh, that concludes our show for tonight. Thank you for joining us back tomorrow. As you watched The Seattle Seahawks feet, no, excuse me.


You watched the 49 ERs beat the Seahawks. 36 24 Brock Purdy 255 passing yards, three touchdowns. George Kittle had five catches for 58 yards and two touchdowns. And the running game ran the ball extremely well. There were over two, oh, if I'm not mistaken, over 200 yards rushing as they get back on the winning track and they take down The, Seattle, Seahawks 36 to 24. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite author, Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite 85 from Liberty City. A ring of Fame artery, a pro bowler, an all pro from the Cincinnati Bengals. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But most people just call him ocho.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Remember every subscriber count, every subscriber matter. And we thank you at the Nightcap family for mattering. It's because of you that we are able to be who we are. Make sure you go check out Shaa by La Portier. We expect to be in 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're currently not in a, a state or a city near you, You can order it and we will ship it directly to your home. We have it in stock, so no wait. Thank you for your support. Please go follow my media company page. Page on all platforms.


That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out the hat Ocho is wearing Nightcap and the shirt that he is wearing, the UNC and OCHO tees is made by the company and they're back in stock. The UNC and OCHO tees are back in stock. And I wanna repeat if you ordered merch within the last three weeks. It began shipping last week. Okay. We, we have received some e emails and dms that guys, people have started receiving their merch. So hopefully you have received an e an email confirmation that your merch has been shipped and we greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Please go vote for our, for us, for us.


The Signal Awards. Nightcap is nominated for two awards. Best Live podcast recording. We're currently in second place and best co-host team. We're still currently in second place. Voting is open through next Thursday, October 17th. And just like the WebEx, you have to create an account and verify your email. Again. In order to vote, you have to create an account and verify your email. Club shehe is also nominated. We're nominated for three Awards Club shehe popular culture and variety show, best Athlete Shaping Culture Show and best individual episode. Best guest, Kat Williams. Thank you again for your support. And last but not least, the 49 ERs got back on the winning track with a 36 24 victory over The Seattle Seahawks.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Elk Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite. 85. It's ocho. We'll see you Saturday night after the Colorado game. Thank you again for joining us. We're out. The. Volume.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.