
Every four years, the world watches every corner kick, every save, every pass. The world watches its most beautiful game played at its highest level. And for a moment, the world stops turning for soccer. Bank of America is proud to be the official bank sponsor of FIFA World Cup 2026. Supporting possibilities turned into achievements on the biggest stage. What would you like the power to do? Bank of America? Na. Member f Jesse.


What's good? Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. With these open ear buds, To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. Check out bos.com.


The time for holiday hosting is upon us. so make your second bathroom second to none. With Home Depot dot com's Best savings of the season. Right now Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices That will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath Get up to 40% off. select online bath plus free delivery at The Home Depot Subject to availability. See Home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year, the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video This Thursday. It's a Halloween treat as the Houston Texans visit the New York Jets Join Al, Michaels Kirk, herb Street, and Kaleigh Hartung. For this exciting matchup, Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight Live from New York, not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Texans and the Jets at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


The Volume TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


OCHO tool says says he won't wear a guardian cap do ISS running back date. Devon a chan, a Chan war won against the coast on Sunday in return from a concussion, but Toa said he will not do the same. TOA said it's a personal choice. When asked why he decided not to wear the extra protection, two was also asked about those who are concerned about him putting himself at risk of lasting problems due to brain injury. He said there's a gray area in terms of what doctors believe in terms of long-term impact of concussions and playing football is what makes me happy and I'm gonna do it. I appreciate your concern. I really do. I love this game. I love it to death. I love it to the death of me.


Hey, that's It. Hey Chad, let me, let me help, let me help everybody. Yep. Hey Chad, listen to me real quick. And and I'm, I'm not trying to be rude, I'm not trying to to come off and, and in sensitive. I understand he's had concussions. You know what you sign up for When you play a game of this magnitude that is as violent as it is the guardian cap, the fuck is the guardian cap gonna do? I mean, no disrespect, I mean no disrespect the brain itself, Chad, y'all stay with me. The brain itself, it sits in a ball, a ball of fluid. Right. No amount of extra padding externally, which is the guardian cap can fully protect players from concussions, especially if they've already had them multiple concussions.


The brain is already damaged from crashing against the skull over and over and over. And there is no amount of protection including a guardian cap that is gonna pro protect the skull in general from the helmet. The, the helmet impact just, I mean just the guardian cap because still if you do get hit again, even with the guardian cap on, the ball of fluid is going to hit the skull and the same thing is going to happen. The same thing's gonna happen. So this, this, this perceived notion that I, that's what he put the guardian cap on. Oh, it's gonna prevent concussions. No the fuck It's not.


No, it's not gonna prevent it. Just like, just like you could wear your seatbelt and still die in a car crash. Just like the air, just like the airbag, you could still die, but it does offer an extra layer of protection. Right, right, right, right. I i it's Not the end all be all. I understand. I understand what you mean. But these players are moving at such a fast rate of speed once that once you're jarred up there, once you're jarred up there, even with that guardian cap and that fluid in that and that, that that brain hits the skull again, it's gonna be the same. It's gonna be, it's gonna be the same thing at I don't think people, people at home. I know you watch football and you see it. I'm not sure how close you've been to the game.


Them motherfucker moving fast as hell, man. Yeah. The research says the guardian caps have contributed to nearly 50% reduction in concussions. The cap can absorb at least 10% of the force of a hit according to NFL research. That 10% of force makes a massive differe Difference. I ain't buying them numbers. Lemme ask you, you think a Seatbelt Say help save lives. Hey, that's why they tell you to buckle up. Why? How? Oh, so you don't want that extra layer protection in the, you want the extra layer of protection in the car, but now that you hear yet, Hey, you, you, you hear the numbers.


You how threw the numbers out for the, for the, for the guardian. For the guardian cap. Right. How did do the researchers research using them? So where the research coming at you had, you have to do it on the players that are actually playing in the games and play a full seven, six season. Huh? And practice. Oh, they Don't practice nobody in practice, man. You know, everybody practices in them. Hey come I don't do me that, Man. Lemme ask you a question. How much do the seatbelt, how much does the seatbelt reduce? Its, It, it Saves. How much does the Airbag? It does like no, no bullshit. I'm not even, I'm not even gonna sit here and play like that.


I I know multiple stories with the fact that they had they seatbelt on and it saved they ass. Yes. And sometimes guess what, what's the guy that fought? Who? Crawford. Oh, he got thrown from his car. He didn't have his seatbelt on and he lived God damn why slip in my mind? Rol Spence. Rol Spence. Yeah. Errol Errol Spence Jr. Yeah, Think about it. A mouthpiece helped cut down on concussions because you biting down on something. Shit, I ain't wear one. You didn't wear one? I didn't wear One. I got, I got, I got lucky. I got lucky. Let knock on wood, let got lucky and fortunate. I had one concussion.


Remember that? You saw that hit unc? Where I, we knocked out on the field. Oh, you got knocked out too? Yeah. Hey, yours was, you knocked I knocked, Knocked Out several times. Remember the, you ran the skinny route. You ran the skinny route in the middle of the field. Yeah. Hell yeah. I got hit, I got hit in Minnesota, got knocked out. I got knocked out twice in Minnesota. I knocked myself out against the Patriots. Right on, on, on Monday night. Yeah. I Saw the highlight on Twitter. I didn't, at least times didn't like that. But obviously Brian, I, I wonder where Brian, if anybody know where Brian Russell is safety that played with the Cleveland Browns that went up under my chin when I had that goddamn blonde mohawk that knocked me out. That was the one he he got, he got you. He got me too.


That's who got me in Minnesota back in 2002. So you Know what? That's, that's racist. That's, that's that's racist. Because if he got you and it got me, that means it's a mother pattern. Yeah. That's, that's my dude Brian Russell, I'm not sure you are. I love you. I miss you. I appreciate you. And because of you, I I I am who I am today. I wouldn't And that's the one time I had a concussion, huh? Well, two times. Louis Delma. Remember Louis Delma? I, I was, I wa Boy, boy. He, boy. Hey. Yeah, he got me good. My head bounced right off the turf. All I saw, all I saw was black and I saw the little star, the little dots.


Oh, he got me good. He had jamus for a couple of years and you know, Jamus could throw the ball, but he was just tur turnover prone. You can't win with Ocho. You can't throw 30 interceptions. I don't care what type of number you put two for five yards. That 30. 30. Yeah. Yeah. But He threw 30 Ocho. He was slinging that big, right? Yes. Yes. Yeah. To both teams. That was the problem. You have absolutely right ojo. He was slinging it to both teams. Yeah. That was the problem that he had. And so I just hope, I hope Mike Evans can get back soon. It seems to me that he has the least of the serious injuries between the two wide outs.


Chris Godwin, it did not look good. Yeah. Prayers up to Chris Godwin and his family. Hopefully the, like I said, the X-rays come back negative and everything works out. But it did not look good. And Todd Bolds got, this is not the end of it. He's gonna have some explaining to do to the, to the owner, the Glazer family. Because there's a chance, there's a chance that, you know, Hey, you're neck and neck with Atlanta. Yeah, Atlanta is three and oh, in the division. They Playing some good ball now. Well the the Buck's playing some good ball too, you know, but you have to look at the opponent they played tonight. You know, the buck was David. I mean no, actually the Bucks was Goliath.


Yeah. Just, just, just to stay, stay in context with the story. And the goddamn ravens was David, I think the Ravens were favorite. Was the Ravens favorite or was the Buck? Of course the Ravens were favorite. Don't Remember, remember in the, in the, in the, in the story. David, be Goliath. You can't be favored and be David. Yes, but, but Goliath was supposed to beat David. The Ravens in this situation were favored to win the game. The bucks were the underdogs at home. My bad. Yeah. You get what I'm trying to say? Yeah, I get what you trying. Yeah. Lamar Jackson and Derek Henry ain't gonna be Dave. We Sorry for the sake of the teams then.


Alright. Yeah, yeah, they would. Well swallow Jonah, How About that? The Bingos beat the Browns 2114 fans. Boo Deshaun Watson, after he goes down, what, what appears to be an Achilles injury, Deus Appears, you see a pop, you can see it through the sock and the replay. It, it just, I, we, we gotta go with it appears to be a serious Achilles injury. Oh My bad, my bad, my bad. Okay, go ahead. Okay. The Bingos win 2114 Jamis a Healthy Scratch comes in as an emergency quarterback because Dorian Thompson, he gets Nick.


Right. Jamis was the emergency quarterback. He had to come in. He was five of 11 for 67 yards. Dorian Thompson was 11 of 24 for 82 yards. And Deshaun was having a pretty good game. He was 15 or 17 for 128 yards. But he can't seem to catch a break. Ocho just can't see to catch A break. Yeah. Yeah. That that's tough. That's tough. That that's, that's, that's tough for him, obviously. I mean, depending on who you are and how you, how you feel about Deshaun Watson, the football player. The football player, you, you, you wanna see him do well. You wanna see him do well outside of that, obviously, you know, the, the rumblings and the, the, the, the, the booing of, of him being injured.


Yeah. I don't, I can't get down with that until Yeah. Yeah. You probably can't get down with that. But you, you have to understand, you know, we all, we all treat things differently. You can, it's hard to tell people how to react based on things that have happened in the past that have occurred. So it's like, it is tough. It's tough. You know. Some people aren't, aren't aren't gonna, aren't gonna forget that. Not forget, I, I get all that, but somebody gets hurt and you applaud that. Yeah. I don't believe in Yeah, I don't believe in, look, they have the right, they paid their hard earned money because in the introduction, when they, he came out, they had Nick Chubb last. They booed him, they cheered.


Nick Chubb, I ain't got no problem with that. You have the right, but when somebody gets injured for you to applaud that I'm out. Yeah. Hey, but unc, you, you, you know how people are unc like when you listen, they don't, man, listen, if they ain't with you, excuse my language, it don't matter what it is hurt you pass away. They, they don't care. You, you're playing bad. They don't, they give 2 0 0. You know what? They don't care. Yeah. They don't care. Especi, you know, fans, you know how, you know how fans are. Oh shit. Oh man, shit, I, I mean I can, I can might dislike something or someone Right. But I'm not gonna applaud mishap.


I'm not gonna have applaud unfor. Right. Somebody getting injured or you know, somebody die. You know, people like die. Oh, I'm, I'm happy, huh? Yeah. You happy? Nah, I, I don't, I don't, I don't operate like that no matter what I think of somebody, I don't, I don't wish death on them. Yeah. I don't never, and I don't wish injury on someone because it's, it, it, like, I just, like I said, you paid your money, you want to boot Aman. Boot Aman. But I, I I, I just, it there's never gonna be a situation Ocho where somebody gets injured and I'm gonna be happy. You, you clapping. Yeah. Yeah. I, I just, but again, you know, when it comes to fans and you know how fans are, they're very fickle, very, very fickle things haven't been going well in Cleveland, you know, for them, based on the quarterback play throughout the season this year, they probably wanted a change of the quarterback position and, and just everything coming full circle and, and him going down.


And I, I think with the frustration from the fans, and that's, that's what we got today. Obviously the stuff that happened off the field didn't make it any better. Joe, Joe Burrow was 15 to 25. 180 1 2 touchdowns. He got sacked three times. I mean they, he o Joe, they didn't do anything spectacular. I mean, they had 20, think about O Joe. They had 25 rushes for 59 yards. Yeah. It was the turnovers that they got a, they got a hundred yard kickoff return and they got a short fee. You know, Thompson turned the ball over twice. Yeah. But it wasn't like they did anything spectacular. T Higgins had four for 82. Chase had five for 55. They both caught a touchdown.


But yeah, that was it. I mean if you look at it 25. 25. So again, another 50 plus plays, which is crazy. Crazy. Yeah. 50 plays, but it's not how many plays it's making the plays that you have count. And when they got opportunities, chase made a guy Miss called a, a quick pass, made a guy Miss hit the same, he's in the end zone. Chase ran a great route. Joe threw a great ball touchdown. And you know, like I said, they got the hundred yard kick return to start the Game Mojo. Yep. Charlie Jones. Yep. Oh, that first, that first play on the inside. That was, that was a slant route.


Double, double slants. That was t and then it was Chase that caught the fade on Greg Newsom. You said you, oh, you saw he hit the Tyrone flu Yeah. And stepped over. Yeah. Boy, this is, Hey, the, the brown. The brown got a real good defense, man. I love, I love, I love Miss some Denzel Ward. Boy, I love that boy, that boy, You can't over. Yeah, but the offense though, Bad. And so, so who's the jam? Winston's gonna be the starter from now on. He Might, I mean, it all depends on Dorian Thompson. He might, he is The starter. Well, Dorian, if Dorian Thompson is healthy, he came in because he was the, no, Remember James Wilson was a healthy scratch today.


He wasn't even dressed. He was the third quarterback. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know, third quarterback wasn't dressed. No. They dressed him. Nah, let's bet, bet $5. Yeah. Deshaun went in. I mean, Thompson went in after Deshaun got hurt. Right. But I'm saying they went in the game with two quarterbacks. Yeah. Jamis Winson wasn't dressed today. But I'm saying there's a reason why he wasn't, he wasn't dressed Ocho because why? You put him up, you put a third quarterback up. That means you gotta take an offensive lineman. A defensive lineman. A wide receiver. Oh Yeah. You gotta take somebody. Okay, okay. Okay. I see what you're Saying. In, unless James playing on running down there point a kickoff, a kick, kick return.


We can't, we can't have him draft now. So he, who's he is gonna be the starter, or Dorian Thompson gonna be the starter. Thompson got nicked. We don't know the significance of the injury. So once we find out the significance, he, he might, he could be the stardom because Thompson injury is so bad, he might not be able to play. Then you have, Wait, hold on. I just thought about that. I'm tripping. So, Dorian Thompson was the second quarterback. So there's a possibility if Thompson is nicked really g really good or bad, however you wanna look at it, he might not be able to play next week. And then you, I mean, you won't have any choice but to put Jamus.


'cause we know Deshaun's not playing. Yeah. Damn it. That's unfortunate it Man. It is. And, and what's, what's Cleveland? What you thinking? What could have been? Dang, it is over. It's over. Joe. Hey you. Oh my goodness, man. Just like through the, nevermind, I don't wanna talk about that because that's, that's, that's nasty. It Is Seeing that thing pop, you know, when they do it in slow motion. Yeah. And you can see the vibration through the sock, the little ripple. Yep. I knew exactly what it was.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone. This is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday. and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major, League, Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major, League, Baseball. And to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel. And new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook Up the World. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, Jake Story here from John, Boy, Media I. want to tell you about my podcast? waken Jake. It's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on wake and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus, we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the waken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the waken Jake YouTube channel or listen to waken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager from the NFL Network's. Good Morning Football and Fox's NFL kickoff show. And we're back for the season with Peter Schrager, the podcast you find right here in each episode of the season. I'm gonna take you inside and behind the scenes of the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. We're bringing the top GMs top coaches, the young coordinator you're getting to know. We're gonna give you the story behind the story that you're probably not getting anywhere else. Like all Pro Jets, cornerback sauce, Gardner, you Know, as a defense, we looking forward to adding, knowing where we left off last season and just continuing to get Better. Like first year Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator, Zach Robinson Bijon. You can get this guy a ball every single play and he's gonna make a play. See, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan, Paul Rudd. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music is awesome. I on like a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schrager on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast,


But oh, let, let's, let's be real though. But Aaron Rogers hadn't played well this year on Joe. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I mean, let's not, I mean, I understand what he was in Green Bay, but we haven't seen that yet with the Jets. And it's gonna be very interesting to see if he can get back. Now do we, do I expect him to be what he was in those MVP seasons? I don't know Joe. I don't, I mean he's No, no. I mean, he's coming off an Achilles and he's 40 years old. Yeah. But but but also when you have a weapon, when you have a weapon like that, you can count on every goddamn time. If you look, if you've been watching the just games, I've been watching the just games, like remember you got, you got a young bull like, like 17 man that can actually get open like that.


I really think even post pre Achilles injury Yeah. He could always count on them boys to be open. Yeah. But he had a, he had, that's, That's the reason he was able to win that MVP because he was able to, he was able to get the ball to them. He was able to facilitate and they were always open. He knew where everybody was gonna be. They were always in the right spot. There would be no mistakes. Like you saw the other night where he threw the ball to Mike Williams and Mike Williams wasn't on the red line. I don't like that Ocho You gotta eat that one. Which part? You, what you say, oh, Quarterback. You gotta eat that one. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. If there's a little miscommunication, you don't Yeah. Now we get behind closed doors. He's like, Hey, you know, I'm expecting you to be XY right here.


Right, right. I'm, I'm, yeah, he Released side, but he never got back out. If, if they, if they plan to, and you got, and you got the go ball, if you gonna release outside, get back out there to the red line. So the quarterback got somewhere to go with him. I Mean, how many times you think during the course of a game a receiver runs the wrong route? The quarterback has the wrong lead. Right. And we don't know about it because they don't discuss it. Right. And then once we get behind closed doors, that's what we do. Yeah. That's why I'm sure it happened. That's why cars was like, I'm sure it happened. Oh, Joe, don't show me up. John was the same. I'll never forget John was the same way. Yeah. Troy was the same way. Pate, Manny, you heard Peyton, Manny. Quarterbacks are, Hey, you understand? Right. They control, they they control, they they control the food on the table now.


Yeah. Almost. They'll Control whether you get to eat a lot or little now how much you want to eat. Yeah. Now you Oh, I'm okay. You better be careful. Yeah. You Careful. You absolutely better Be careful. Be careful. Fact, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm glad you just said that. I don't think this was, let me tell you how, how I want chat chat those you to, to look at, look at my stats when you get the chance. Look at my stats. Unc I don't remember what year this was, but I was kind of disgruntled. I was kind of disgruntled. And I don't think I asked for a trade. It might've been Drew. It just, I kind of got sick of the media blaming me for the reason we were losing. So they were putting everything on me because obviously I was the one doing all, having all the fun and whatever.


So they started to turn on me a little bit, our own media in Cincinnati. And I said, you know what? Well, hey, I wanna trade, I want out. Something like that. And I remember the, the red, excuse me, the commanders at that time and Dan Snyder, they offered the Bengals a one for one. And Mike Brown said, no. Mike Brown said No, we're not gonna set a precedent that a player can come in and say, okay, he's not happy. And say, oh, you know what I Want, I want out. I want A drink. Nah, it ain't happening. So they turn that down. Right. I'm just coming off a really good season, despite me being disgruntled. I don't know what they did offensively or how they weren't able to get me the ball that particular year. All of a sudden, unc I had about 500 yards In Cincinnati The whole season.


Was that your last year? Was that the last year with you? Was to Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no. It was like I was coming off maybe a 1,213 yard season. And then, you know, I was getting, the media was on my ass about us losing on, there was nothing. I was healthy. I was completely healthy. I sw for God, if you look at my stats, you look at it, it's thousand thousand, thousand thousand thousand thousand. And all of a sudden it's a 500 yard season. I don't know if they found a way, like, like to work me out the offense, unc I really had 500 yards the whole season. And then the next season I'm right back to 1200. Right. Like, and like in a, in a sense it was like, damn, are they that powerful? Where, you know what? Oh, you wanna play with us?


Okay, we gonna play with you the whole season. And I was scared to say anything. 'cause I already called Ruckus and, and made noise in the off season. Yeah. So I'm definitely not gonna do it in season. 'cause I'm always, I'm already on thin ice in a sense. And I'm like, well damn, they not even, I'm like, I'm not even part of the offense. That's what it felt like. And I was still, I was still that boy. I ain't know what the hell I, I ain't know what the hell was going on. So I'm, I just had to throw that story out there ba based on what you were just talking about. Troy Eggman did not hold back when addressing the disappointment of the cal to the start of the cowboy season. Whoa, whoa. They took Dan and CD Lamb and the other Dallas wide receivers for their performances. Hold on through the first six game.


I think the routes are terrible. I think they run terrible routes. And I've always thought that beyond this year, I think CD's got to improve in its route running. And as a quarterback, if you're not certain where the guys are going to be consistently, it's hard to play that position. I see guys lazy coming off the line of scrimmage. Sometimes they run, usually if they do, because they're anticipating they're going to get the football on that play. But if they're not, they don't. And it all ties together. So I'm not impressed with that part of the game. Troy also talked about cd missing mini camp. I'm an old school guy. I just believe practice matters. So do I I believe that having the team together matters. So do I. So if I knew I was going to be signing him anyway, I would've had to sign.


So he'd be working out with my quarterback and doing things that they should be doing. Ocho I, you see, this is what I like Ocho. I like when Troy, see I like when Right. White quarterbacks say that. Right? Because they don't get labor as haters are jealous. See, when you and I say that, we, if I'd have said the exact same thing, which I say, oh, you a hater, you jealous, you bringing the black man down. Now what y'all gonna say about Troy? I'm listening comments. What y'all say about Troy? What y'all say? Troy? He jealous. He a hater. He envious because that's what y'all do when blacks, we try to offer critique. But what we see having played the game, y'all kill us.


Y'all beat us up. Now what y'all gonna say about Troy? Yeah. I I, Go ahead, don't you? But CD was never Ocho I never looked at CD as a route runner. Right? CD is a guy that's tremendous run after the catch. He's not a route runner. He's not technically sound like Jetta. He's not technically sound like Devonte. He's not a route runner. He's not like Tory ho. He's not like kinna Mecado. He's not like Jimmy Smith. He's not like you Ocho that's not what he is. And that's okay. But what I do agree with Troy is that, bro, even when you not getting the ball, you gotta bust your butt off the ball. Yeah. But yeah, I don you Got come Off. I don't like the fact him singling out cd him singling out Dak.


I mean, I hear a lot of CDs. There's cd, that cd, cd, but hell, the goddamn defense is atrocious. The defense, the defense is atrocious. Offense ain't Much better and everyth is magnified. Now everything is magnified now because you're losing. So now when you're losing, everything is magnified. So now they nitpick at every little goddamn thing. But you know that going in Ocho what's gonna happen? You start to lose. They say you lose because stuff you sat on your helmet, you start to lose because the locker room dirty. I told 'em, yes you do, Jerry. Talking about we don't need practice. I said, you see? I said, see, you see how I see you?


See how dumb that sounds? Now you know, you gonna sign him or we gonna get it. We knew we was gonna sign him. Why would you, what? What do you mean he doesn't get anything at practice? Do you see the connection or the non connection? Dak has had for the first six games, the wifi Is off a little bit. You get, you get that. You, i, no matter what y'all did the previous year, you have to get in the lab. You got to get in the lab and rebuild that chemistry all up again. You got to unplug your router, plug it back in and restart. Every season you gotta do it. And you can't do it in the all season. When you just by yourself structured environment with people pulling ting and pushing on you, you, that's when you, that's when you get it done.


And if you knew you was gonna sign him, why wait, why play the game? You did the same thing with goddamn Zeke. You did the same thing with Zeke. Thank you. Are you serious about winning that you need all your players together. You need 'em all together when it counts and when it matters. Mini camp, training camp, all season workouts. Come on man. But, but here's the thing though, Ocho is that we know Troy, Troy got in Mike's ass, right? He expected, he demanded excellence from Mike. So this is not, but I just believe you got the hold guys accountable. Yes sir.


It is an absolute must. Now I'm not telling you what somebody told you, told me to say. I'm telling you been in situations. The standard is the standard and we don't change that standard because of who you are. We play to the standard and whatever and, and whatever happens after that, we live with it. But we not gonna come here. Oh no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. When we hit that field, Asian Yes sir. We had an expectation. I don't know how everybody else did it, but when we hit that field in Denver, Yeah, y'all listen, y'all was a well oiled machine bruh.


Y'all was a well oiled machine. Well oiled machine. There was an expectation. Ocho, Right? There was an expectation that we had. We played to a standard. We know what was expected. We knew what was expected of us from each and individual, each and every one of us. John had to play to the, we had a standard here, Right? But John needed to play to his standard. 84 needed to play to his standard. So did 30, so did 87 and 80. Everybody play to the standard, right? And then whatever happens after that, we live with it. But it wasn't, people think you get good in the game Money.


Yeah. You win the games Monday through Friday. Mm. All, all, everything is tied together. Anybody that tells you that it's not, don't play the game and they've never played the game, that's when you win the game. It is what you do in the meetings. How attentive are you in practice? Yeah. Yeah, I know. Practice. Yeah. You need it. I need, I just, I just, I just don't get these guys And, and I just About Troy talk about cd, talk about that. I just don't And have you seen the goddamn schedule for the Cowboys? The next three games?


Hell, the next five in a row, boy, it can, it can get, it can get ugly. Yeah, absolutely. It can get real ugly. I'm not sure whether the, I'm not sure when De Marcus Lawrence comes back. I'm not sure how long, long he's out. I'm not sure how long Michael Parson is out. But unc it can get ugly real fast for a team that's been 12 and five the past three seasons. Yeah. Well, Mike has missed what? Mike has missed the game. He's missed the game. So they're on a bi week, right? So three weeks. It all depends on how bad that high ankle sprain is for him to come back. I don't know, d logs injury. I don't know his injury, so I don't wanna speak to like, he's gonna be out another week or he's gonna come back.


So I really don't know. But I know Michael has a high ankle sprain and I think by the time he, by the time straight, the vibe's over, it'll be three weeks. So is it a four to six weeks? Is it, you know, do they, if I'm him, are you gonna try to Yeah. Now look, you're, they're struggling. Yep. You try to get your best players back as soon as possible. But just know my numbers di you know, I came back and I wasn't really Help. Right. Won't be able to use that against him though. I mean, they can, but I doubt they would. He's the type, he's one of those players. You really, you can't Yeah. One Of those players. I'm just saying IY know You can't, you can't play with him like that.


Shit. I could, I coulda had, I coulda had him back. I coulda had Michael Parsons back right after about two days after he sprained his ankle. The high ankle sprain. Well, with my remedy. But don't nobody listen to me. Hell, I coulda healed Kawhi Leonard. You know, he wouldn't miss no damn time. I got some for his knee. I got some for him. Ojo Ojo. No, no Ojo. No, no. It's Ojo. And trust me, I'm telling you, you ain't got nothing for Kawai. Please don't.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone. This is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy. Media I. want to quickly tell you about my podcast? It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday. and for about 30 minutes, I dive into three topics in Major, League, Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major, League, Baseball. And to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel. And new episodes drop every Tuesday.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I Shook up the world. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time, made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation, the Sixties. And prior to that, you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I Don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey Everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy, Media I. want to tell you about my podcast? waken Jake, it's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on wake and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the waken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the waken Jake YouTube channel or listen to waken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I Ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day. And that's what I focus on From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to naked sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


Sunday was another rough outing for the Cleveland Browns offense, but there won't be any changes made to the quarterback position. Kevin Stefanski told reporters money that he won't be benching Deshaun Watson in favor of Jam Winston following the 2016 loss to the Eagles. I think there were moments obviously that yesterday, I think Deshaun gives us the best chance to win. Do not winning continues to give us the best chance to win. And we need to play really good offensive football at this position and really at every other position. What you think, what you, what you thinking Unc? What you thinking now? Now let's, let's, let's think from a business, a business standpoint, you understand how those owners are thinking and you know, seven seven, Kevin Stefanki doesn't pull the strings on that puppet.


If I'm paying somebody that kind of money he's going to play. Even if things aren't going well, I'm gonna try to get my money's worth until I can't no more. I ain't paying, I'm paying the guy 45 million, I'm paying the other guy five to 7 million. It's like, it doesn't make sense. Why would I pay And more four five mean, I mean, why, why would they make a change? Why would they make a change? I mean him saying he, him saying, Deshaun Watson gives us our best chance to win. I I Is he wrong or is he right? What you think? Do you think Jamis Winston gives the Cleveland Browns a better chance to win at the quarterback position?


How about this? He gives him the best chance to win, but you're not winning. Mm. So how good of a chance you Think maybe it's the, the flat, the flashes of brilliance that you see, just the flashes aren't as consistent as it used to be. He says, I think Deshaun gives us the best chance to win, continue to give us the best chance to win. We need to play really good offensive football at his position and really Right. Good football at every other position to be successful. No crap. Sherlock. Yeah. Wow. That is some that is, that is some great coaching. That is, man, that is some motivational stuff right there.


We need the quarterback to play good. Well the quarterback has to play the best because he got the ball in his hands all the time. He has a ball in his hands every place. So his decision making and everything he decides to do with the ball impacts and affects everyone else around him. Especially offensively hell, even defensively. Because if you make mistakes then they always on the goddamn field, on the defensive side of the ball. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. He's not well ocho Me, I say I I'm just saying I'm, I was asking your thoughts on what you think. Should they make a change? Yes sir. Ocho after three years.


Yeah, I mean it's, I it's, and I get it. Yeah. When you, when you invest that kind of money, a lot of times it's just like anything. It's just like with an investment when you put a lot of money into an investment ocho, it's hard to get off it. It's hard to get off it. ocho. Yeah, because you wanna see some kind of dividend. Yes. You wanna see some type of return on your investment. Sometimes you gotta cut your losses. I got a question for you. I got a question for you. So fellas that's in the chat that you listen to me now think about this on much smaller terms, but think about it. You're dating a woman, you've been dating her for two or three years and you're thinking about all the money and everything.


You've invested in this individual and you just, and you keep on, you keep on trying, you keep on trying the thing just don't seem to be working out and going the way you'd like it to go in the right direction. But you keep thinking about all the time you spent, all the money you spent and invested in this individual. Are you going, are you gonna chauffer? Are you gonna say, you know what, I don't want, I don't wanna do this no more. You know why? Lemme tell you why. Because you don't want her to be what you think she can be with somebody else when you've invested all that in her. See that's why a lot of teams don't wanna get upset player because what if he goes and be someone else?


What we thought he, he could be here, you done bought 5, 10, 15 YSL, Louis Hermes, Gucci bags, Balenciaga, you done bought a whip. She won't do right. Damn. But think about this. Huh? Think about this. What if you cut your losses to get the bags and everything you bought? 'cause you can get that back, right? And then if she does leave and you get rid of that, think about it not being, that's an expense that is no longer on your, on your tab. It's no longer your, it's no longer on your plate. And that's okay. That's okay.


I get it. I get it. But a lot of people don't think like that because like you said, you made a heavy investment. It's just like you buy a stock or you buy an investment property. If you don't want to get off it Ocho because you thought this was the run property, this was going to be your Netflix, this was gonna be your Google, this was gonna be your Apple, your Uber, whatever the case may be. Yeah. That's the funny thing when it comes to invest something that we always need to learn and understand. Everything we invest in, we not gonna get a return on. Yeah. Everything we invest in, we're not going to get a return on. So you have to know when to cut your losses and it's okay because at some point that loss you do for you becomes somebody else's responsibility because they ain't doing right by you.


Nine times outta 10, they ain't gonna do right by the next motherfucker either. So if a certain individual, if a certain player looks a certain way, it ain't like all of a sudden they gonna go to another team and they gonna be magic and all of a sudden turn around and be somebody else that they're not Demeco Ryans says Jordan Love will be the best QB we face despite playing Josh Allen. Bill's fans are taking these quotes very serious. Many feel that Josh Allen was the second best quarterback in the league behind Patrick Mahome. Me personally, I take Lamar Jackson, but that's another story. Ocho, do you believe that Jordan Love will be the best quarterback that the Texans have faced, even though they do have Josh Allen?


Yeah. On their resume? Probably. I think. I think Josh Allen. Josh Allen is very good. Obviously his resume speaks for itself despite obviously the turnovers. But he's good. You can see what he's doing now and being Superman, not having elite players around him, but still getting the job done. But Jordan Love is really good. Jordan Love is really good. Jordan Love to me is in the same bracket in a sense with the Jayden Daniels with a CJ Stroud, with a Lamar Jackson. You know, he's, he's somewhat a, he's also a dual threat quarterback. He can run, he can run, he can throw, make all throws. And to be young as he is, he's very promising, which is why they paid him what they did. And I I, I mean I I agree with him.


I agree with him. Jordan Love is really, really, really good. Really good. And the the funny thing about it is, is you'd have to be a football fan, not a casual fan of the game. You would have to be a football fan to understand how good Jordan Love is and actually watch those Packers games. Yeah. Yeah. I, like I said, I I take Mahome, it's first I don't put anybody next to him. Right? Because you see what he's done in his six years of starting it is off the charts. I mean, you don't get the four Super Bowls in six years. You win three with two MVPs, three Super Bowl MVPs. That's, that's beyond what breakdown.


Brady has more. But if you look at Brady's first six years, and you look at his first year, six years, you look at Brady. Brady, they were a defensive team, right? Brady wasn't asked to do what ma homeboy's doing, but yeah, he, he, he's phenomenal. I'll take Lamar Jackson as my second quarterback behind Mahomes over Burl and Josh Allen. But I can see people saying Burl. I can see people saying Josh Allen, maybe CJ Jordan Love Purdy, whatever the case may be. But one, two for me is Mahomes and Lamar. So hold on, hold on. Now Matt, who, who, who, who are, who are our top five? So we got, we got, we got Burrow first.


You got Lamar. So with Josh Allen third is Josh Allen on that list? You hold on. No, I said, I said, I said my home is First. You got bur first in front of who? My home. Okay. My bad, my bad. You know, I'm just thinking back my bad. You said first, so I mean like, talk to me real quick on your top five ba based on who he would say if they would've ask you. So you have, you have Josh Allen second before Lamar. Okay. I would take, no, I would take Lamar second. I would take, I would take, I would take Josh third, borough four, and I would take, I think I would take ct, I think I would take C How you put Josh Allen in front of borough though.


I'm just curious. Oh, that's your, that's that's your preference. I would take Josh Allen. See how I did it? Yeah, I mean it's, it's, look, I think once you get, like, once you get past the first two, I think you kind of splitting hairs with Josh Allen, Joe Burrow and, and cj, right? Yeah. I think, I know CJ is only his second year in the league, but I don't see a situation where he regresses, right. I only see situations where he get improves. Jordan Love is Jordan lovers and people are like, man, you, you talk about Jordan Love over Dak.


Yeah. I'll take Jordan Love over Dak. I'll take CJ Stroud over Dak too. Ah, that's oh, oh, oh. Ah. But you know, the thing is, most of the quarterbacks you can go week to week. Right? I think the top two are kind of set because Josh Allen Burrow, none of 'em played as, Jerry played as good as anybody. Nothing.


But I'm saying I think like it can go week to week. Like most positions can go week to week. I think when you look at what Mahomes has done, his body of work now, at the end of the year, we could say, does he still re does he still deserve to be the number one quarterback? Probably because this is what we see from OurHome every year, especially in the beginning of the season. It always looks like this. The numbers aren't staggering. Yeah. It is not crazy. But all of a sudden, when it matters, most guess who always comes through in the clutch, guess who e Every time. Every time. Right. At some point he going to have 3, 400, 500 yard games. They're gonna come, they're not gonna come right now for some reason. They never come at the beginning of the season.


For them, it's always something, there's always an issue with the offense or the balls being dropped. There. There's, there's, there's no receivers. Nobody, they, they're not catching the balls. That's what it was last year. This year. Injuries, Rashid writes is out. Juju, goddamn Juju. Steps up has a hell of a game. Travis Kelsey gets going late. It's Always something. And remember, remember the pager said, nah, wrong. We ain't got no use for juju. Wrong system. He comes back, back, Juju comes Back when she writes, goes out. Juju comes in 130 yard game that off the rip. That's that fast. Just that fast. But quarterback can take average receivers and make them look really, really good.


That's what, that's what, that's what the really good ones can do. But the quarterback, it's so hard. Ocho because any give week you like, I take Jerry Golf. No, I take Josh Allen. No, I take cj. No, I take, I'll take Jordan Love. No, I'll take Joe. I'll take Josh Allen and I mean you. We seen Purdy deal where you're like, boy, that boy Purdy good. You know what's funny? I always think about when you think about your top five chat, whoever your top five players are, what that, I always think about it. Forget the the stats, forget the numbers and all that stuff. I know all that matters. But if you were to put them on any other team, would they still be able to be efficient and be productive regards to where they went, regards to who was at their disposal as far as weapons are concerned, could they still wheel and deal without being on the team, their own Boy, I show, oh, can you imagine the homes with, with Chase and Higgins?


Can you imagine him with, can you imagine him with Waddle? Tyreek? Mohan, Hey listen. Or you put him in San Francisco with that running game. Christian McCaffrey, kettle Deebo. Unfair. IU Jennings. Bad. Look, some guys is that they are a system. They defy. They defy, right? Whatever you're doing, they are above it and they'll, they'll elevate whatever, whatever you have around it. Very few can do that.


That's difficult. They'll elevate very few that the quarterback position can do that. There may be two or three that can do that. No matter what situation they go to, they can elevate it. The Volume,


At your job, do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with a different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click grainger.com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski, And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every Week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen To dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America s number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy. Media I. want to quickly tell you about my podcast? It's called Jimmy's Three Things, Episodes, come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major, League, Baseball that I want to talk about or I. do a stat deep dive. Sometimes. I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your go to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules, Three, things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.