
If, you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey, we all love Bacon, right? I mean, who does it And? did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to affect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area in the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy


What's popping. And Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch. no one can stop you For more, check out bows.com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year, the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups, and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champions League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today.


The holidays are here. And The Home Depot has everything you need to stay connected with smart home upgrades. Whether you're keeping an eye out for the big guy or keeping an eye on your family, The Home Depot has you covered with great tech like the Ring Indoor camera Tupac with advanced motion detection. two-Way talk and Color Night Vision. Plus, get your smart home devices the smart way with free delivery. Get holiday ready with seasonal savings happening now at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


The Volume TD taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The card to beat the 49 ERs. 24 to 23 Brock Purdy was pressured by Jalen Thompson forces a bad throw that got intercepted by K zero White. The 49 ERs scored zero points in the second half today making it the first time in Brock Purdy's career as a starting quarterback that the team was shut out in the second half of the game. This team OCHO doesn't look anything like the juggernaut in 2023. No, they're already owing two in the NFC west ing three in the NFC without Christian McCaffery. It was reasonable to expect the 49 ERs offense would take a step back. But the 49 ERs made six strips into the red zone. They only managed one touchdown. The Niners led the league and Red zone efficiency last year.


Mesa look, they ran the ball 26 times for a buck 50 for a buck 53. So they getting five, almost six. They getting six yard, almost six yards to carry ocho. But Brandon IU had his best day. Eight four, buck 47. George Kettle eight for 64. Deebo one for 11, but they looked like they was going to put the game away. Jordan Mason got it punched out. Give Kyle a credit. They drove the ball down the field and boom, that's what you got. Arizona rushed the ball 26 times for a buck 69. They only had two rushers. James and Kyle. Murray James was 19 of 86.


Kyle was 7 83. You gotta put that you, when you got a team down, they would dominate the game. You gotta put Away, gotta win the game. You gotta put 'em away. Brock Purdy two turnovers At a key every time. Every time, Every single time. But when you get a team like you let 'em hang around Ocho, you know, you let a team hang around you let 'em hang around eventually long enough they find a way to beat you. And then you look, you wake up like, man, what happened? How, how did we lose that game? Well, we was ing around and that's what happened. But Kyle broke. When Kyle broke the pocket on that first touch down run.


He got to The right, yeah, to the right side of the field. He put, he put his hand in there. He like, I'm gone. I'm outta here. Hey K. Kyle Murray. When he running, he's he fast as hell. But it, I don't know why. Remind me of that Kids. Yeah. My kids trying to get away from you or something when they was young. Yeah. The Broncos who Broco country baby. The who? Don't do that. Ocho don't do that. First of all, if your team don't have at least three wins, I don't want you to say foot or ball. Okay? I'm just saying if your team do not have at least three wins, I don't want you to say foot or ball.


The Broncos beat the Raiders 34 to 18 behind continuing improvement of their signal caller first win over the Raiders in almost a decade. Guess what? They had lost the previous, hadn't beaten 'em since 2019 despite the slow start Bo next outing as a pro, 19 to 27, 2 0 6 2 touchdowns. His first game with a hundred plus rating and first with multiple touchdowns. Bo Nicks also added a TD on the ground. He's just the second Broncos rookie with two pass tds and a Rush TD in the game. Ca Cameron caught Bo Nicks and Sean Peyton going at it on the sideline. Here's what Peyton said about the incident after the game. Oh, After the misfire in the end zone Franklin. Yeah. And I've seen you have these Conversations.


It's part of the deal. Listen, last year all of a sudden I was, it's just, there's still a little bit of Ferris Bueller in this player that we gotta get rid of. All right. Talking about Bo and I love him the Decker and, and so sometimes it's my love language. Alright. Can you say what It was about? No. Okay. No, no. Absolutely not. Sean Payton is hard on his quarterbacks. I don't know why. I don't know why y'all think Sean. Y'all thought Sean Peyton was gonna change. Sean Peyton is hard on his quarterbacks. He coach listen, who breathes hard? Yeah, but hold on. Huh? We, we talked about this before.


We gotta remember these grown ass men now. Yes. You gotta watch how you talk to me Bo bo Nicks, bo Nicks. Without really saying it. Without really saying it, but hold on, hold on. Playboy. Oh, there's a certain way You can address me and let me know that there's something that you don't like. I agree. You know, and shit. Bo had, Bo had to snap back and let him know. Like, I know I'm a rookie, but time Out. Yeah. Especially in that kind. Alright. Especially in that kind of setting. Ocho, that's my cheese smoke. There's a lot of testosterone on that sideline now. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, now I, I get it, I get it. You can cut me. You can trade me, but I tell your ass up before you do any of those two.


Don't, don't do that now. I don't. Yeah, But you know what, you know what I think, I guarantee Sean Payton was at the dinner table. He probably would've family with the wife. He was like, you know what baby? That goddamn bo next. He got some spunk. Yes. I like him. Oh yeah. I Like him. I like that. Yeah. Even with that exchange, some people, obviously people watching them fans, you know, oh, you can't be talking to your quarterback, can't be talking to, that's a good thing. What you, what you, what you saw. That's a good thing. And plus Bo being around Bo Black, how you gotta be like 24, ain't he? Because hell, his f his first game starting was against the guy at, at the char at the La Chargers.


Justin Herbert, his first game starting as a, as a freshman at Auburn, he started against Justin Herbert. Well, how long, wait, so he, he graduated late, or he was a fifth year senior or Something. He transferred to Oregon. He was at Auburn for like two, three, like three. Oh, Okay. Okay. And then he transferred. Okay. But he's playing. He's played well. Guys are playing well around him. The defense is playing much better. Okay. Hey, that guy Pat Orain boy, junior man. Oh man. Hey, PS two. Now he legit, he legit, he's smooth, effortless. But his dad was a corner.


So Yeah. I mean, I played, I played, I played against his dad in, in oh five. Yeah. I, I played, I think we, I think I played against him in, in oh one. Mm. I think he was there because I don't think he was there, Sam Madison, like in the nineties it was Sam, Madison and T Buck. Nah, hold on. No, no. It was both of 'em. Because I played against Pat, and no matter which side of the field I went to, it was Pat. It was Pat and goddamn Sam. Boy, you talking about a day, a talk, a day of talking shit. Oh, that, that was a good day. But what, what year did Pat get to? We, And and I I caught, I caught Pat at the Chiefs too.


Oh, did you? Yeah, I caught Pat at the Chiefs too. Yeah. I, I like, I think I like in the, in the playoff game, I think we played, I think it was Sam Mad. I don't know if he might have been. I don't, I don't know. I he might've been Pat might Pat Senior might've been there, but I know it was T Buck and, and Sam Madison T. Buck played in the Dolphins. Yeah. Was that the Dolphins? 98. Oh, okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. They holding, holding that jumping rocks as boy, they ho ooh, back then they let you hold more than what they will now.


Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Oh, back then they, oh Yeah. Remember, remember that game? I think they done change the rule when Ty lost something with Ty Law and Marvin Harrison after that. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Remember the rule after That, you change the rules because before ocho if the quarterback wasn't looking your way, then let the DB hold the then outta you. Well, he wasn't looking your way. You know why? Because he saw his quarterback, saw him holding me. That's why he didn't look my way. If you have threw the flag, he'd have threw it. You know, I got, I got a question. How do you think the days receivers, let's say the top receivers, how do you think they would do in our era of football? They would, the, the really good ones would adapt because Right.


See what they did that like the incidental contact, it's the five yard rule. Right? See, they put a, the rule was always in place, right? They just put an emphasis on calling it, see a lot of the rules that the NFL is, is, is that's, that's the, that's, they put a, what they call an emphasis on it. So the rules been in place, but Ty riding Marvin all the way down the field, and they weren't calling it. They say, you know what? Now we're gonna call it now. So the five yard incidental contact rule. Right. So, because at before that rule was instituted for male, blunt male was six foot four, about 2 0 5 physical. Yeah. Male was hell, male was, because they played shell coverage. Male was riding guys all the way down the field and throwing them by the bow.


They're like, sir, you can't do that. So that's why they changed, that's why they put that rule in for him because he was so physical. Do you know what it takes for a cornerback to be a defensive player of the year? I mean, think about it. They had like Joe Green win it and then Jack Lambert win it, and then Mel Blunt would win it and then Joe Green would win it. Again. How you have like in a five year, six year span, you got four defensive players of the year. That's crazy. Yes. Damn. In the whole defense went to the hall of Fame safety, a corner, two linebackers, d-line, your head coach quarterback, both wide receivers running back, right center, the head coach, the owner, bro.


They were, they were loaded. But I look, that's what Sean is. Look Sean gonna be like that. And you know, hey, and plus when you young, you a rookie Ocho you don't know you, I mean, because he used to getting taught like that. Because that's how coaches coaching college. That's how coaches coach in college. They talk like that. Right? They cursing and yelling and screaming. And so I don't think that's out of the norm for him to have Sean Payton in his ear like that. But I, you know, my high school coach didn't really curse. Coach Hall was my high school coach, but he coached my mom and all my uncles, he didn't really curse. Coach Davis didn't, didn't curse at me like that. Now, Dan, I said, man, I sure hope to get me some tenure.


That's the one. 'cause that's the one thing O Joe, I didn't wanna mess up because Dan would curse, he mofo and all that other stuff. Right? Man, I'll never forget Ocho, the only time that I, I could honestly say, I think Dan got upset at me and I didn't even do anything. ocho We was in the huddle, and you know how like, because back then the, we, we lined up in the huddle different, like, I was like in the back. I wasn't like in the, in the Broncos offense. I was right across from John. So John would be like this and I'm looking eye to eye. But in the Broncos huddle, I was in the kind of, in the back. And so they called a play. And so as I'm going up like this here, I look and I guess he thought I was looking in the stands, the fans, the training camp.


And He is like, shadow, there ain't nobody in them ing stands that's gonna help you make this team. And I'm like, coach, I wasn't, I don't wanna hear it. Fuck boy. This old man don't know how bad I wanna tear his ass up right now. But let me go ahead, let me go ahead and swallow my pride. Yeah. But I went to him after practice. I said, coach, I wasn't looking at him in no stands. I wasn't. I said, coach it, you just happened. Like when I just raised my head and I just looked. I wasn't looking in the stands, looking in the looking in the stands for what? Right.


He's like, well, I, you know, he, he apologize, he apologized. Said, I'm sorry, I, you know, maybe I overreacted, but I just want, you know, I just see so much in you. Right. You know, because he was always, you know, you know. And when he, when he passed away, his wife called and asked, would I speak at his funeral. I was, I was his only, I was the only player. Dan coached all those years. I was the only player that spoke. Thank, just go to show you what he actually thought of me and what he had relayed to his family, what he thought of me, right? And I was like, I was like, ma'am, are you sure? She's like, Shannon, he thought the world of you. I Was like, man, I couldn't tell.


Not what I, not what I wanna tell Joe. Not the way he used to curse me out. God dang it Shannon. He ain't say Dang it. Trust me. He didn't say Dang it Cursing. Huh? What Man? Anybody know the Bronco that that's back then when Dan, he would turn fire engine red, right? And this big old vein in the side of his neck would start to pop out.


What man, are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer Fit Cut Bacon still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar, Meyer bacon, and then drive to work. And that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoke some of real hardwood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through November 5th, earn four times rewards points when you buy items from your favorite brands. Shop for items like Pampers, swirlers diapers, VIX Vapo, cool native shampoo, crest toothpaste, native deodorant, or Swiffer Power mop and earn four times rewards points. You can then redeem your points for discounts on gas or groceries on your future purchases. Hurry in before these deals are gone. Offer ends November 5th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com. For more details.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's what I love about Chumba. Casino. They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire. You can claim free daily login bonuses too. And they release new games every week. So spice things up with Chumba Casino dot com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


October is cybersecurity Awareness month. And LifeLock is here to elevate your protection game using the same simple password across all your accounts that's risky. While updating your passwords to be more unique is a good start. True peace of mind comes with LifeLock. LifeLock doesn't just alert you to suspicious activity, but monitors For more uses of your personal info and will fix identity theft issues that arise, guaranteed or your money back. Secure your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety terms apply.


This is an ad from BetterHelp. Unfortunately, humans don't come with an owner's manual. There are no simple instructions for what to do when you're feeling down or having relationship problems or family conflict. That's when therapy can help. And BetterHelp is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time that works for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com to learn more. That's better. hlp.com


Ocho the packers go on the road beat the Rams 24 19 time of interception will Xavier McKinney. I remember saying Xavier McKinney has skill sets. That was, I mean, the way he could anticipate and get a jump on the ball. It reminds you a lot of Ed Reed because Yeah. And anticipatory, anticipatory skills Yeah. Was second to none. Top tier. McKinney has those same kinds of skill to be able to jump like anticipate. And he got great hands because at the end of the day we see a lot of guys, dbs knock the ball down bro. Catch it. Yeah. Catch the ball. And he ain't missing at this pace. He would break the NFL single season record of 14.


The record is held by Dick Knight Train Lane in his rookie season had 14 with the Detroit Lions. Nobody's ever come close to that record since there've been a lot of tens, I think. I think Stefan Digs had a level one year, didn't he? Because every Trayvon tray, I know Champ Bailey had ten one year ever. The walls had 10 his rookie year, if I'm not mistaken, in 1981. Damn. Yeah. Today, today made him just the third player since 1940 to recorded interception in each of his teams. First five games with a new team on the series before McKinney also recovered a fumble. The packers have 14 takeaways, which is the most by any team through five games.


Since the bills had 15 in 2021. Diggs did? Yeah. Diggs had 11. Don't, Joe. Yeah. But the pack is going to road. The pack is George Love. 15 to 26. Two. Oh Joe Love gonna have to start. Stop throwing off that back foot. He held a guy wide open for a touchdown and under because he threw it off his back foot. Yeah. You know, you know where the, you know where the mechanics and managers come from Huh? Aaron? Yeah. Yes. Aaron, same, same, same thing. Same mechanics, same same arm angles. Yep. Same everything.


If you, if you, you go back to the basics. That's, that's touchdown earlier. Yes. Yes. That's touchdown. Yes. Can you step into that? That's six Ocho. He got him by three steps. He got him by three steps. I hate that. But on the road to get a much needed victory there. Three and two now. And the Rams fall to one in four packers. Run the ball for 30 or 10th for 1 26. Jordan Love has 15 or 26, 2 24. Matthew Stafford was 29 of 45. 2 61 touchdown, one reception. And they ran the ball. 28 rushes 1 34 Kyron Williams, 22 4. Buckle two I.


Hell, I thought the Rams, I thought the Rams was going to do it. I thought they was gonna come back and and pull it off with Yeah. Oh, I-I-I-I-I didn't believe in the Rams. I mean, I, I didn't even, even though, even though they had a chance, even though they had an opportunity. Right. Listen, when you have no Cooper Cup, you have no goddamn Kuka. They, they got, they got my dog Tutu. They have some Who play well winning to play Well. Yeah. Yeah. T Tutu playing real well. But it, it's not enough firepower. It's not enough. It's not, it's not enough firepower. It's not enough not to compete at the level that you want to, not to compete at the level that you're used to. It's different.


Yep. Packers win 24 19. The Bears beat the Panthers. Hey Canal. You saw Williams day, huh? Hold on. Yeah. Dave Canals threw Bryce Young back in the game with four 15 remaining. And Bryce took his first snap in the game since being bench after O2. Oh. So you mean to tell me the quarterback situation that don't change anything huh? Huh? On the first play, he brought time and scrambling fo miles Sanders open for a 27 yard. Gang canals brought, did a fantastic job of said Andy Dolton will remain the starter for next week against the Falcons after the game. Bryce Young asked if the current situation lit a firefighter here.


Here's what he had to say about that. Come on, talk me, talk to me. I'm not someone who's really externally motivated. You know, I, I, I, you know, I I draw my, you know, motivation from, from, from inside. So being good, bad, or indifferent, I don't, I don't, I don't want anything to dictate. If I'm motivated, if I care, if I, you know, am am driven, no matter how things are going, that's always going to gonna stay the same. So yeah. What'd you say? Gocho Pol politically correct. He's saying, he's saying, he's saying all the right things. But maybe that is just him though.


You You can tell from his, you know, his man, that's his personality. O Joe. The way, the way he carries his himself, that's just him. Huh? That's His personality. Yeah. I, I, I, I see, I can see, I can see cool dude. Real soft spoken. Real soft spoken. It just, you know, I think, I think he, he gonna get his, he gonna get the opportunity again. Yeah. I just, I just hope his confidence is, is, is at whenever that opportunity presents himself, that he's ready mentally, you know, and I think it's, it probably, it, it might be with the Panthers or if it's, if it's elsewhere. I, I, I hope he's ready. Well, until they get some weapons, they're like, don't put me back in there. 'cause I ain't gonna look no better because Andy Dogg.


Look, look how Andy look at Andy Dogg numbers with those weapons. And if everybody Oh, oh, Andy Dalton. Woo. Look at Andy Dalton. We got a large enough sample size to know what Andy Dalton is. Large enough, plenty large. I don't care who the quarterback is. Ain't nobody, look, you better be Peyton Manning or Tom Brady to make, make this, these receivers look good. Yeah. I mean, listen, I I, they, they got, they got some nice, they got, they, I mean they got, they got some boys over there. You do what Now? Once they get Adam, once they get Adam Thilan back, they got Xavier leg, they got mgo. You know they got some boys. Yeah. One kid. Listen, they got Deontay Johnson. They got some nice, you know, some nice little pieces.


They just gotta put that shit together. They got, they gotta put it together. And then you have a, when, when you have, when you have question marks at a quarterback position, that means the receiver position and the tight ends have to be that much better than the quarterback. And that's why, that's why he doesn't stand a chance because they're not, they're not that much better. That's not nice though. He ain't, he ain't throwing to Kelsey and La Porta and Kittle and guys like that. He's not throwing to Justin Jefferson and, and Chase and the guys like that. Even if you want to go e even if you take those top 10 guys out and go the next 10, what, what guy, if I give you, if I give you how many receivers you're gonna go to before you take Deontay Johnson, you leg, I get it.


He's a rookie. But how many receivers and tight ends are you gonna go through before you pick one off a Carolina's roster? Mm. A bunch. That's rude. It's the truth though. Rookies, look at what CJ was throwing to. He had Nico Tank, Dale, Noah Browns. Well he had Dalton Schultz, he had nice people. Which one of those guys are better than any of the guys that I named On the Panthers?


Yeah. Which one of those guys is better than Nico Collins? Better than Tank Dale. Better than Dalton. Schultz Better than hell. Noah Brown Comparison is the thief of joy. Yeah. And they stealing all the joy from Bryce Young because they ain't doing Ish. I'm glad you, I'm glad you brought that up. The Dolphins grind out ugly wind over the Patriots. J Paul. Yeah. With an insane touchdown grab to take the lead. But it was overturned. The play was overturned.


This was the first time the Doggs have won a game on the road against the Patriots, despite allowing 150 plus yards rushing in the game. Hey. Yeah. I'm glad Tyler Hunt got this win. Boy, I'm glad, I'm glad we had, we had Odell came back. Odell came back today. Tyreek. I know Tyreek might, might be a little frustrated. You know, the numbers are not showing what they should be for the type of receiver he is. Same thing with Waddle. I mean, I, I don't, I don't, I wonder how much that playbook has shrink since two.


It's got to O Joe take care of Him. Huh? It's got to. Yeah. I know. I know, I know, I know, I know. I'm just, I just, it, it is weird to see the dolphins struggling like this and then seeing them last year, man, somebody every week, it was something different. It was an aerial assault every week. Yeah, but you had, you had to every, every Week. Damn. I mean, you look, they pulled, They pulled it off though. Yeah, they did. They did put Off. Hey, that goddamn Christian. Is it Christian Gonzalez? Yeah. Oh boy. No, I tried to tell you. That's the way, Boy. He the real deal boy. You saw.


Hey, he, he, he, the real deal. You saw what he did week one. Right. Had him locked up, wouldn't let him out. Who did play week one? Oh, tell him play, tell him play us now. That had to work. He did. Failed somebody that's not twice. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, tell tell him players now and watch what happened to him now. Now listen, he, he nice. I just, just watching him throughout the game, watching him on Tyreek, watching him on some other players. He nice with it. Always in position. Told you. I watched him a little bit last year. I, I didn't know a whole lot about it, but watch, I I say, oh, no, no, no, no. He could play. Yeah, He play three.


He can play. He nice. He Technically sound He playing Physical. Yeah. Yeah. He, he's not, and, And, and he can run. He's not afraid to challenge a lot of guys. Afraid to challenge. Right. He'd be up there, put hands, put hands On him. Yeah. And he, he one of those five percenters, you know? Yeah. And five percenters that play to make a play. Not like that. 95% that play not to get beat. There's a difference. You right. You absolutely right. It's time for q and a. Let use the restroom real quick. Go Ahead. Ah, is there anything that we missed tonight that you'd like for us to like hit? We might not hit it tonight because I gotta go to bed, but we'll definitely hit it tomorrow night.


Oh, Bobby Jackson Jr. From Alabama. Bro, I appreciate the merch perch. Thank you so much. I really appreciate that. Thank you for supporting Nightcap. It means a lot to us. Hopefully you really, obviously you really enjoyed Nightcap because clearly you had to be you up watching it. And it's Dbb near what, two o'clock in the morning there dab to two o' three o'clock. Almost three o'clock. And so Bobby, we really appreciate the merch perch. Thank you for your support. And give us a hit. Let us know when you get to merch, Tim Lee Bengals will be one in seven and Ocho will be saying, man, we going to the playoffs.


Playoffs the cook. Dude, you're delusional. Hey, no, you, you're delusional. You're delusional. And we going into the playoffs. What you talk about, you saw what we did today. You see how that offense looks today? Listen, don't do that. Don't do that. Who, who was that? What was his name? What was his name? What was his name? Tim Lee. Okay. Tim Lee. You'll see, you'll see now we play the Giants. Next we gonna beat the Giants, then we play the Browns. We gonna beat the Browns. I'm not sure what the schedule is after that, but we gonna be Right. And we make the playoffs. I'm gonna make sure Tim Lee, I'm gonna remember you. I'm gonna remember you. And when the Bengals make the playoffs and get up outta this hole and ride from the ashes, like the goddamn undertaker.


You make the playoffs, I'm gonna find you. You mean like a phoenix? I'm gonna find you. You mean like a phoenix? What's the Phoenix? That's what Rise from the ashes. Well, I was, I was, I was trying to, to insinuate how the undertaker comes about the grave or, or he, he like, Oh, he sit up in the middle of the ring when he was like, and he sit up in the Yeah. And he sits up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You do. You, I mean you keep, I, you know what I heard, I heard you say about the offense. I didn't hear you mention nothing about that defense. Oh, listen, our, our, our, our team, our identity is the offense. Now. Lou, Lou is gonna do what he needs to do to make sure we play good enough, good enough football win.


Huh? When I mean, listen, that's, that's why we practice. I mean, you do realize y'all gave, we, y'all gave up 41 to the Ravens. You gave up 33 36 the week before to the commanders. We talking about Lamar Jackson and Jayden Daniels two of the most, two of the most efficient quarterbacks in the NFL right now. Y'all got beat by Jacoby Bassett too. Oh, that was week one. You know, week one don't count. It's a toss up. Anybody could in week one who beat, who beat The third week, huh? On Kansas City. Oh yeah, yeah. That game. We should have won. Matter of fact, our record, our record does not state how good our team is.


The our our looking at you look at us play today and you look at our record. That's not who we are. It's not it's, it's just not Tim Lee. I'm gonna find you. Matter of fact, I'm, I'm gonna look for you on Twitter right now so I can talk. Shit. Don't come on. Don't come on my don't come on our show. Talk about Attack Bengals versus the Ravens. Ravens scored a touchdown. The score is 38, 35 Bengals, four minutes on the clock, Bengals get the ball back. And we are passing. Why Ocho why did they pass the ball? Ocho Wait, we are passing. We didn't pass. What, what, what he talking about overtime? No regulation.


He threw a pick. He, because he said you, why didn't you run the balls instead of throwing, then you would've take some time off the clock and then you went to throw the interception. Marlon Humphrey made an unbelievable play. Whoa. Wait. Time out. I'm so glad. Oh hell no. I'm so glad you just mentioned that. Two by two, two by two. When Chase is on the outside and the tight is right there watching film, two things are coming. Well the main thing is coming based on down the distance in the situation. The goddamn slant. Unc Yeah. Outside The slant. The slant is coming. Humphrey knows that. He pressing, if I'm Joe in that case, in that scenario, you know what I'm doing?


You gonna run slow. What, two by two a few years ago in 2021. The same, same concept, same route. This time Marlon Humphrey was off. He ran the slant. That's another game that the game with Chase had maybe 200 some yards. We took the, we took the slant route to the house. Yeah. This, this time. Oh boom. Marlon Humphrey boom. My antenna's up tightening on this side. Or might it might have been that might have been Yoshi either way. Yeah. Say he knew the, he knew, he knew the alignment. You know what I'm finna play man. I'm finna go up there and press the s slant is coming. Joe should have looked at him, gave him something, gave him something.


I'm not sure if Joe can go off script. Of course he can play Thumbs in. I don't know if Joe has the ability to say, you know what, oh, he playing press. Okay, bet. Give him that eye. Give him that pump some something that something, you know, me, me and Carson had that. If a dude come damn press, because they were only, there were only so many times I got man to man. Just bump around outta the blue with a safety in the middle of the field. Anytime we got that Whitehead Carson with that just to getting to notice the safety's in the middle field and buddy bumping and ain't no help. Come on now. Yeah. Don't do that. Now I think I listen stuff like that.


I don't know if Joe and, and, and Chase had the freedom to do that and improvise offensively. But I listen, you, you gotta, you gotta know the person on the other side of the ball is getting paid as well. He knows if you know, he, you, you got, you gotta play a think his man's game in that scenario. But the pick you right. You, I mean it is ah, But give Hump credit. He read it. It's not, it's not enough to read it. Ocho he came down with the pick because they could have easily incomplete. A lot of dbs ain't making that play. Right. Right. He not, he made that play. That's what's so impressive about it. Like Malcolm Butler, how many times we see a guy make, get a great jump on the ball and the next thing we know, we see him staring at their hands because the ball done hit the turf.


Hey guy makes a mistake making pay the ultimate price. Hey, that's, that's film too, huh? That's Oh yeah, for sure. Oh, I've seen this before. I've seen this before. And then, you know, I'm, I'm sure Chase based on the lineman, based on formation, based on down the distance. Yeah. Oh yeah. I know what's coming because If you think about it, Ocho the play that he scored on was a three by one. Yeah. So all they did was flip the, all they did was flip it to take one of the guy and put him on the other side. The side. So they still try, they were still trying to get a rub where he comes up underneath but Hunt like was there and beat him to the punch. Punch. Yeah. He fought, he fought hard and beat him, Joe, throw it on anticipation back foot hit.


I'm gonna let it go because I don't wanna clutch it. I don't wanna hold it. Yeah. And Hunt, hunt made a hell of a plate. Nel Belly said Burrow in two years. Elite quarterback or highest paid Calvin Klein model. Damn. Hey, hey. Who, who was that talk? Who, who? Nel Bailey. Who? Nelly Belly. Hey Nelly Belly. Don't do that. Don't do that. Because statistically that quarterback, that Calvin Klein model you talk about with the blonde hair that looked like he was a part of NSYNC back in the day. He's statistically at the top of the league. Nah, he in almost In category. Nah, what he did see, he changed his hair. 'cause he ain't wanna be big Macaulay cau he changed the hair color.


Man, Joe. Ain't Joe be on it Joe. Now Joe be dressing now. Brandon Martinez. Don't cry Ocho switch to the Cowboys. Oh no. Who there, there, there it is. I know, I know you're a Cowboy fan. Listen, I'm a, I'm a fan, I'm a fan of the Cowboy players. The players. Oh man, the players Doc. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy, Bick t Sweeter and Blue and Silver. Yeah. We steal them boys and making noise Doc. You, there we go. Don't do that Doc. You know how it's going to end, but I know he can't help it. It's like the, it's like the moth to the flame. It can't help it. He, it knows what's gonna happen, but the attraction is just so great.


I get it. Doc, you probably been a cow, a cowboy fan ever since you were a little, little bitty girl. Right, right, right. And you, you've been disappointed just that much. That's funny. MJ Beset 93 say nobody got time to rebuild Justin Fields as a starter. Especially if you're trying to make the playoffs. He gonna have to get better, aren't you? Oh, you talking about Justin? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I think, I think listen, they were three and o they three and two now. Right? They only lost game. Yeah. I I think, I think they'll be fine. But I think they have to open up the playbook for 'em a little bit more. You got, you gotta, you, you have no choice.


You gotta open up because now what's happening is now you got film on you now they got film on you now. So boom. What's the first thing you got to do based on what you see on film? We gotta add a little bit more. We gotta add some sprinkles then you gotta add the cherry on top. But the, you run your base stuff that he does well you run that. You always stick to that. But you gotta, you gotta add a little bit more at some point to show teams things that they haven't seen yet. That's not on film O Joe. The problem is, is that when they gave him liberty, he turnover prone. He did a great job to get the ball back. He had, he had a turnover. O Joe, remember? Yeah. And somehow he came out and I don't know what the hell Mike McCarthy was doing, challenging it.


You see Justin Fields get outta the pile. He got the ball. Oh yeah. And you challenge it for what? I think he just wanted, like, you know what, I wanna see myself on the jumbotron, let me make this challenge. 'cause I know they going to show me. That's me making another bonehead challenge. Ocho. The thing is, I, I, I agree, but Phil is not careful with the football. As a matter of fact, he's careless. Well Wait, he now listen, wait a minute now. Now the first three games, he hadn't turned the ball over at all Ocho, but what did, I first Can't turn it over, But see if as long as You can play on your terms, right, which means I got a lead.


Right. But when they put him in a situation where just like last week against the, the, the, the, the Cols put him in a situation where now you gotta throw and you can't run. But if you try, I don't know Ocho I mean I, I I root I root for the kids. But it's just hard because the thing is like when you get a quarterback Ocho and you're like, man, it's gonna take a while, bro. I might not even be here. I ain't got that while bro. I'm 31. Right. They look, they probably looking to get me up outta here. I'm trying to win right now. Y'all talking about, oh, we building something bro.


I might not ever see it. JTT do you think Jayden Daniels is on place for the MVP? Yeah. He's absolutely in the running. Don't you? I you're Right. There's only been one rookie of rookie that's won MVP that was Jim Brown. Jim Brown won Rookie of the Year and he also won MVP in the same season. Right. It doesn't happen often. Yeah, it doesn't. I think Fred Lynn did it in ba in baseball. I don't, I can't think of anybody off the top of my head that's done it in basketball. Wilt would've been the, probably the best guess, but I don't think Wilt did it. So I don't think it's ever been done in basketball, football.


I don't know if it's ever been done in hockey. I don't really follow hockey that closely. So, but I mean listen, it's, it's still, it's still early. We're only in October. But if he can keep up this, this kind of pace and consistency, there're gonna be be some ups and downs. There're gonna be some ups and downs for him and they're gonna have other quarterbacks that are gonna have a resurgence. You know, they, we got other quarterbacks we're gonna have a resurgence probably some time in, you know, November and December. So, so you never know MVP consistently be the way and play the way he's playing now. Wow. All the way through. He definitely got a chance to win MVP and Rookie of the Year. Yeah.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You can go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell You can wake up shower, have breakfast including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smoked them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy you won't be disappointed.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take some time to take care of yourself and your family this fall. Shop in store or online and stock up on items from your favorite self-care and baby care brands. Now through November 5th. Get great savings on self-care items like Dove antiperspirant. Depend underwear for men, Colgate toothpaste and poise pads. And for the little ones, stock up on Huggies Snug and dry diapers and Huggies little movers diapers. Offer ends November 5th. Promotions may vary, restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com For more details.


Step into the world of power, loyalty, and luck. I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse With family. Cannolis and spins mean everything. Now you want To get mixed up in the family Business. Introducing the godfather@chappacasino.com. Test your luck in the shadowy world of the Godfather Slot. Someday I will call upon you to do a service For me. Play the Godfather now@chappacasino.com. Welcome To the family. No purchase necessary. VDW Group. Avoid prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


October is cybersecurity Awareness month and LifeLock is here to elevate your protection game using the same simple password across all your accounts that's risky. While updating your passwords to be more unique is a good start. True peace of mind comes with LifeLock. LifeLock doesn't just alert you to suspicious activity, but monitors For more uses of your personal info and will fix identity theft issues that arise, guaranteed or your money back. Secure your identity today with a 30 day free trial at lifelock.com/cybersafety terms apply.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns Abercrombie's NFL partnership. Kicked off last year and if you haven't shopped there recently, I tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jeans and it fits me just the way I want it to Make sure to hit up Abercrombie's essential collections for tees and their bestselling popover hoodie. I love rocking that on game day or really any day shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


Wilt did it. Wes UMSL did it. Candace Parker done it in ba. Candace did it in WNBA Wilt did it. Wes UMSL did it. And like I said, Jim Brown did it and I think Fred Lin did it in baseball. Mm. But you gotta be sensational and, but he's having an unbelievable season ocho. Oh yeah. And they're winning. It's one thing to put up stats, it's another thing to put up stats in a winning effort and Win. Yeah. That's what, that's what makes him so impressive. Yvette Ramos listening to Nightcap on our honeymoon. Love you Unc and Ocho and Keith.


Hey, thank you guys. Hey, what y'all about to do when y'all get off? Stop listening to us. Whatcha y'all gonna do? Yvette, thank you so much. I really appreciate that, Keith. Thank you bro. Appreciate y'all support. That means a lot to us. We know it's the we hours of the morning and we greatly, greatly appreciate everybody that stayed up and watched Lanny Ray said, oh, Lanny Ray, you still up? How about my Viking? It's been five and Oh, beating the Jets. Not saying what? Oh Cho, you chose the wrong, you chose wrong again. So Karma got your Bengal stole Vikings. I chose wrong. Yeah, you picked the Jets to beat the Vikings and so I did.


Yeah, you did. And that's what happened last week. Oh no. Oh, I just said, I said Aaron Rogers plays well against the Jets. So I was, I was, I was. Aaron Aaron played well against the Vikings. Oh. I mean, yeah, I I, Aaron Rogers plays well against the Vikings. So I was thinking we are gonna see the Aaron Rogers of Bowl, but he played just opposite. He played just opposite. It was probably 'cause of the flight though. Oh, that's what it was. Yeah. The flight. The flight. Little jet lag. Little jet lag. Yo folks just wanted to say I got my power back today. Still recovering from the storm here in Georgia. Hope everyone is okay. Yeah, my sister just got her power. Just got the power back Friday.


She ain't want to, you know, she ain't want to, like I said, well why don't you go to Atlanta? Well you know Shannon, I ain't, I ain't wanna leave old piece of house. She didn't wanna leave the, the piece of house. Yeah. So she got no power. She got no cell service and she stayed. She was vibing. See, see How about family being See my sister? Hey, I bet she had some candles though. What the hell she gonna do? Was she Lincoln? What the hell candles gonna do? What the hell that my, my grandmother? You ocho you got no power. You got no cell service.


You know you but you. Right. She probably was in that Bible. Ain't no question about it. She was in the Bible. Yes, absolutely. Absolutely. Cy P said, which wide receiver would you build your team around? Megatron, Jerry, er, Teo. Oh shoot bro. You can't go wrong either way. And you get, you, you, you take those four, you just name right. You put 'em in your prime and I'm gonna just, I'm gonna just go based off preference. I mean, You can build that damn boy. That's a, that's a hog one too. Uncle. Who you picking Jerry? Yeah, Because, because the thing is with Jerry is that Jerry played 20 season.


Just think about this. Ocho. Yeah. Jerry played 20 seasons. He missed 15. I think he missed like 15 games. 'cause he tore his ACL the first game of the season. I think that was 96. Wasn't that 96? No, that was 97. 97. Jerry towards ACL. He tore it during the season. He came back and played against us and caught a couple of touchdowns. Mm. 97. So think about how many yards he would've had. So you gonna add another another thousand, 20, 22,500 yards he got receiving. Right. And another, another 90 catches to the 1500 catches that he got.


Mm. And another 10 touchdowns. So ain't nobody ca ain't no receiver getting that touchdown record Ocho he got 198 receiving. Who we breaking that record? Ocho. Thank you. Ain't thank nobody. The man got 208 total touchdowns. Let that sink in. Two. He had a thousand yards receiving at 40 0 0. Alright, listen Man, Dmo unheard of Side.


J 17, IRO Ichiro did 2001. He beat Jason Gbe didn't he? Ichiro did Ichiro from the, from the Mariners. Yeah. I row, I remember him Because he broke. Did he broke a did he who? He broke record. He broke for singles. Did he break George Sister's record? Most singles most hit what might've been most hits of the season side. J 17 said, what's up? I'm no Joe, I'm a die hard Jaguars fan.


What do you think of Trevor and Brian Thomas's performance? Brian Thomas was playing unbelievable. Hey, I think he had like 45, I think he had like 45 yards receiving in every game this season. He's the only rookie to put up those type of number. Yeah. Brian Thomas is real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real good. What's the most hits of season? Yeah. Trevor, Trevor played well today. He needed to because Joe Flacco wasn't bull driving. Joe a one thing about Joe, he can still in that Ocho you better pressure Joe, Joe go from team to team and you'll think he was a starting quarterback. He broke Joe's record 67.


It wasn't, not in 2001, but, but Cler had the record right? 2 57. Okay. Ojo. I I, I hate it. I don't, I don't like doing this. It's not right that, you know what, Ashley, give me the evil eye. What happened Because I got something. Right. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Guys, thank you for joining us. We have a delay in the game on Sunday night game Lightning and weather in, in Pittsburgh. And so the game was pushed back so inevitably that pushed us back. But thank you guys for supporting us, for joining for EP, for Nightcap. I'm your favorite on Shannon. Sharpe. He is your favorite 85 Liberty City zone.


The Bingle ring of Fame. Go ahead. I how the hell is 25,000 people watching in the chat? And it's three o'clock in the morning, 27? Because we, we, we, we do a good job. We put a good product out and people love it. And they love us. Hey, I appreciate y'all. I appreciate y'all. We absolutely appreciate him. Hey, listen, my, my flight is six o'clock. I can't even go to sleep. I'm finna go to the airport. Hey, I'm about to get up here in a few, in a little bit. I'm finna, Hey, I'm gonna watch you on the plane. I'm gonna watch you on the plane. That bingo ring of Fame. He's a pro bowl. He's an all pro a bingo legend.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson You can call him ocho. Please make sure y'all hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you. We appreciate your support. Every subscriber counts. Every subscriber matter. Thank you for mattering and helping Nightcap to become what we become. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. We're gonna be in 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're not currently in a state or city near you, You can order it. We have it in stock and we'll get it out to you asap. Thank you again for that. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84.


That's 84 being spelled out. UNC and OCHO ts are back in stock. These two have some gentlemen right there, they're back in stock. And if you ordered merch within the last three weeks, orders begin shipping out last week. Again, if you ordered merch within the last three weeks, it begins shipping out last week. I know some of you guys have sent us that you received email confirmation that your order has been shipped. Thank you. Please go vote for us in the Signal Awards. Nightcap has been nominated. Best Live podcast recording. We have a narrow lead over new heights and best co-host team. We were in fourth place. You guys have gotten us up to third place.


Thank you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Voting is open through October 17th. Just like the Webbys, you have to create an account and verify your email. Again, create an account and verify your email. Club. Shesha is also nominated popular culture and variety show best Athlete shaping culture and best individual episode. Best guest, Kat Williams. Thank you guys for taking time. We know we've asked you guys to do a lot of voting for the Webby, for the Signal Awards for, I mean a lot of other award, the the Synopsis award. You got us over a million subs for Nightcap and Club Shehe. We ask a lot of you. You guys have supported us, showed up for us.


We greatly, greatly appreciate that. It's because of you guys that you make me realize that you know what? There's a lot of chatter out there. We get a lot of noise on one side of, you know, he ain't this and he that. But when I see you guys show up in the chat at three o'clock in the morning and you're 25, 30, 40,000 strong, it lets me know I got way more love and adoration than I do hate. And that's what keeps us going. So we appreciate that Ocho and I really, really appreciate your love and support. The Cowboys beat the Steelers. 20 to 17, the Ravens beat the Bengals in overtime. 41 to 38. Who else? What else we got? Texans beat the bills on a walk off.


59 yard Field goal 2320 Vikings beat the Jets. Stay undefeated. The Commanders Trounce. The Browns 34 13 Jalen Daniels is playing unbelievable. The Cardinals beat the 49 ERs. 24 23 and the Broncos do a demolition job on the Raiders. That's what we do. Bronco country Raiders Week. Y'all going down Packers beat the Rams 24 19 Bears beat the Panthers 36 to 10 and the Dolphins get a win over the Patriots 15 to 10. Thank you guys for supporting us. Thank you guys for tuning in. We'll see you tomorrow. I'm your favorite up.


He's your favorite number 85 Nightcap is out. The Volume.


Hey, we all love Bacon, right? I mean, who does it And? did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and Enjoy


CBS Thursday, October 17th. Hi again. TV's Quirky is crime solver. I'm ELs Betas. I work with the police is back and ready to go Toe to toe. Yes, with a cavalcade of guest stars, you have a devious mind. I'm a lawyer. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit. Look for anything out of the ordinary that sounds like fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. Elsbeth is all new. CBS Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole Different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more, check out bows.com.


Looking For a fast and comfortable head shave? Check out the Remington Balder Pro head shaver designed to give you a smooth shaven head in under two minutes. The Balder Pro head shaver features a Power Flex 360 degree neck and five dual track head That pivot and contour to ensure maximum skin contact on all sides from the number one brand of head shavers in the us. Go to bald pro.com for 15% off today based on two day growth source rcna retail tracking service, US sales, 12 months ending April, 2024.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Take some time to take care of yourself and your family this fall. Shop in store or online and stock up on items from your favorite self-care and baby care brands. Now through November 5th, get great savings on self-care items like Dove antiperspirant. Depend underwear for men, Colgate toothpaste and poise pads. And for the little ones, stock up on Huggies snug and dry diapers and Huggies little movers diapers. Offer ends November 5th. Promotions may vary. Restrictions apply. Visit Safeway.com. For more details.