
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Let's have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nam RK Tell about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and Nan's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skidder and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did The Volume NFL playoffs.


We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


OCHO according reports Coach Prime expresses interest in the Raiders head coach position. According to the Las Vegas review journal, associates of Coach Prime have reached out to the franchise to express Sanders's interest in the opening. Tom Brady is spearheading the search for the coach and general manager. After the dismissal of Tom Lesco, general manager and a coach Antonio Pierce, Brady will have a significant voice in the Raiders decision. Hmm. What you thinking? Don't Joe, I liked it. It sound good. It sound real good. But I understand in Prime knows, prime knows best. Prime has been around the game of football for a very long time. You also know, even if you do have interest in that quarterback, quarterback job, even if you do have interest in that head coaching job, you'll also have a short lease.


Unless you have a goddamn quarterback. True. Unless you have a quarterback. You the greatest, the goat prime time will have a very short lease. And Mark Davis will also fire you as well. Even with the understanding. You have nothing to work with if you have no quarterback. True. Now, if he, if if the, if the situation revolve, I mean if, if the situation is resolved and they have a, if they have a veteran presence, or maybe just so happen the Raiders find a way to go all the way up and gets your door. Now we talking Now we talking now. Now I understand. Okay. Maybe with Prime playing that seed out there, put it out there.


Maybe he didn't say it the way it's being reported. I would love to coach my sons. You know, you never, you never know how the draft may happen. But, you know, seeing Prime at the NFL level and him always saying, I would never want to coach The league NFL Players. Yeah. You know, it would change. You know, 'cause he had a prime, had a song. Must be the money And the money will be what it should be. And I think, I think it would be great for him, you know, everywhere he's gone High school in Dallas, Jackson State, Colorado, he has turned those programs around.


Yep. And I'm sure he can do the same thing at the NFL level. Given time, given time, you not bringing Prime in there and saying he can have the power to make the decisions, to build the type of team he needs to build, to be able to compete week to week. Especially in that division against the Chiefs, against the Chargers. The Broncos. You gotta Against the Broncos, you Gotta have quarterback. None of that. You not of that Because those teams have quarterbacks, they found their quarterbacks. You've gotta have a quarterback in order to compete in a quarterback league. You haven't got to have a quarterback. It's, it's really, it's really that simple.


Yeah. It's not, it's, you know, let's not make it more complica complex than it should be than what it needs to be. It's a quarterback driven league and you need a quarterback to compete. Yeah. Yeah. Hold on. Let I, I didn't drink too much water. Chad, gimme a minute. I got a pee pee. What y'all think guys? Y'all like, y'all like Coach Prime two in Vegas or y'all want 'em stay and see you? Green Bay played Philly tomorrow, right? Is that the early game?


Oh yeah. The Broncos. The Broncos buffaloes that won and they gonna play. Oh wow. So they got three games tomorrow. Huh. Wow. So game starts at one. Oh. So it's gonna be like a regular Sunday. One, four and then eight, you know, eight o'clock game, eight 30 game. Okay. Everybody wanted 'em to stay at cu I think me, for me personally, I think the, the only rea I mean this is consideration that he gets an opportunity to coach his son. It'd be interesting to see. 'cause I, I don't think Shado is, has the only voice, voice that he is ever heard is a head coach, is his dad.


And that's time. And so it'd be interesting. I know that that's something that he would want. Maybe the only position, the only team that's in position to make that happen. The Giants kept Brian Dayal it seemed like for all intents and purposes, the ink is about to be dry on that deal with Mike Vrabel in New England. Even though Gerard Mayo's wife had a lot to say on IG today. Did we hit, did you see that? I guess she's not, she's not happy with her husband losing his job after one season.


But I think that's the only way I, I think that's the only thing that, that's the only reason he would've this job Ocho is that they're in position. But you don't know the Raiders choose what six man and to go up to go up that high. Yeah. They they listen. They gonna have to. Huh? They gonna have to, they have a need. They have a need. They are two quarterbacks that are good that are coming out Ward and Shura Sanders. Then there's everybody else. Yep. This is not a good draft class this year. It's, it is just not, it's not a good draft class.


You've got to go and gamble and get what your team needs. And the Raiders need a quarterback. They might be in a situation where they might pull at what Atlanta did, draft a quarterback, bring a veteran in veteran Presence, And have hope to have him for a year or two. Right. And then the, the understudy could, could step in and, and go to work. I like it. I like it. Ocho George Pickens has a lot to say after the post ga in the post game.


If we're playing it, it's probably not good. Let's take a listen to what he had to say, What he done with this offense now for three years. Have you seen silent? You should from Origin 16 still need to throw offensive support. Yeah, I've seen signs of growth for sure. From, from past, you know, the first year I've been here. Just, just way more growth for sure. Does that make you optimistic going forward? Nah, But, but listen, listen. Hey, hey Chad. Chad, listen to me now. I'm sure y'all just heard this, heard what pigs had to say, but would you be optimistic if you were him?


Would you be optimistic? You, you can't say that. I know. I know. I know, I know, I know you can't say that. But listen. No, you should be optimistic, but you're like, hey, I say, I said, look, we're getting better. I've seen growth from my first year to my second year to my third year. Right. Hopefully this is something that we can build on. But, but in the back of my mind, boy, we good and terrible. Yeah. Yeah. And then, and listen, you, you got, you got to get the young boy involved. I know he's had his issues. I know he is had his problems, you know, the effort, the being lazy, the loafing, you know, the knock blocking the penalties. I I know that. I know that. But he has no reason to be optimistic with understanding of what you just saw tonight.


Like what this is, this is the biggest game. Why are you allowing the raven to dictate you getting your best offensive weapon involved in the game? And when you do get involved, it's too late. You already down two scores. That doesn't make me optimistic. There's no reason why they can't. The same way they use Lab McConkey the same way they use Cooper Cup or the way they use Ur or the way they use Jamar Chase or the way they, or the way they use Justin Jefferson. He had the exact same type of talent, But he don't give you the same type of effort. Come Oh, Joe, you see it. I I, I, that's the first thing I just talked about.


Yes. I I, I just talked about it, but I'm understanding what he's capable of doing when he Wants, wants To do it. That's why he not You think Jamar Chase don't loaf because they throwing the ball to t Higgins book and Nur doesn't loaf because they're throwing the ball to Cooper Cub. Hold on. Do you know everybody just named know the ball is coming. They know the ball is coming. George pick go two quarters with no goddamn ball, no catches, no opportunities The first quarter. He probably won't. I mean, look, I understand, I understand the frustration, but Ocho a part of being professional is like, sometimes you gotta just like, Hey, you gotta bite your tongue.


Gotta suck. Gotta set it up. You don't always, you don't always have to tell the truth considering considering your past record and what you've been doing on the field. Right. You're right. He's the wrong guy. He's the wrong guy. I'm not saying how he's wrong what he said. I'm just saying he's the wrong message. How about this right message, wrong messenger. Okay. True. We are leave, we are leaving at that. Yes. Yes. But I, but I kind of, I kind of like what players are now starting to tell the truth instead of being pc. I, I, I kind of like it, But so, so I, I guess so I guess, you know, the Dolphins should come out and tell the truth about the guys that have been late for practice in my missing meetings, huh?


Well, No, no, no, no. No way. You say you like to tell the truth so we just can't tell the truth on one side and not tell the truth On the other. No. What I, what I did say, I say I like the fact that players now at times are starting to just be honest instead of Being so can teams be honest also. So can Mike Tomlin be honest about George Pickens? Can Russell Wilson be honest about George Pickens and his effort? Yeah. Yeah. I You Don't think, here's the thing, did You was right, we address, we addressed it though. We address it. No, no, no. We, I'm talking about team. You say the player. I want players to be honest. You say you want players to be honest. So I, so to be honest, I don't want Russell to say I have the utmost confidence in him when he quit on the ball, when he quit on the ball and it called me to get an interception.


I don't want him to be honest with that. I want him to say, George Pickett quit on the ball had he not quit on that ball. Oh yeah. The safety would've got wide and I coulda had a whole shot. That's what I want. You see, Not you, you going to the extreme with it. You just said you want players to be honest, but not when he is honest with another player. No, on, he was asked a question about his personal belief. Is he optimistic about the offense? And no. Why is he not optimistic about the offense? Because they don't use the motherfucker? Well, I'm not, I'm not optimistic that he's going to ever be anything but a p diva that doesn't give effort on every play. So can I if that I'm be honest. So Russell, to be honest, okay. Yeah. You, you have every right to say that based on what we've seen.


Okay. You have every right to say that. Okay. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just making sure because I don't want, I don't want, I don't want it to be, you know, one sided that the players get to tell the truth, but the team and other players don't get to tell the truth about said player. Right, sir? Yes sir. Yes, sir. I just think the thing is, in that situation, right, it would've showed a lot of growth and a lot of maturity he'd have just framed it said, yeah. Oh yeah. I see. From my first year to my second year. You know, we get Russ in here. We got a proven guy. I got his one a lot of games in this league that's won a Super Bowl, that's been to a Super Bowl. That's been the start of his entire career. So I see the growth in this offense and hey, I'm a young player myself. There's some things that I need to do better, but I'm growing right along with it.


Yeah. All the while in the back of my mind, this offense ain't really for me, it doesn't really showcase what I do. Right. You can think that Ocho we all think a lot of things that we don't say. Right? Yeah. We not supposed to say it. Yeah, I understand. That's just like I'm saying. But like I said, I, I just think the thing is, is that somebody just needs to get with George, sit down and talk to him and explain to him like George is that you make it really hard for fans to put their arms around you when they see you quit on plays, when they see you give a lackadaisical effort, when they see you not hustling, when you're not getting the ball is really hard to embrace you.


Because the one thing, look Steve is a hard hat and lunch pad. They want guys to give effort. That's why they love Highest Warren might be their favorite receiver of all of them. Swan, star Wars, all of them. Highest Warren might be their favorite. Whoa. No, their favorite receiver wears 84 and he's from Dade County. No way. IGI guarantee you, I guarantee if you tuck a pole with Steelers fans, I guarantee you take A poll. Take a poll right now in the chat, Ain't you? No, no. I'm saying we need to take a span with Steelers, with the Steeler fans. I guarantee you, I guarantee you The Heinz Water is their favorite player.


They picking 84. I'm you, you, I tell you. I'm, I'm telling, I'm telling you I'm not, I ain't tell you what a heard, I'm telling you what I know. I'm telling, I'm telling you what I know because you know why Ha Yes. AB had way more talent. But the one thing you know about Hines, Hein gave you everything he had when he was on the field and he was a model citizen. Whoa. And so and so, listen, we know we not talking about Model Citizen and stuff. We ain't talking about that. We talking about on the field. Oh, Joe, did you not see the man? Did you not see the man throw the trash can on the field? Did you not see the man come late to practice? Did you not see Mike, Tom and Biscuit his last game? Ocho come on, man. I'm not saying AD wasn't talented. I'm saying the fans, the fan Pittsburgh is a blue collar town.


I I, I know what Pittsburgh is. I had to deal with 'em twice a year. I know what they were, I know what they were. But you know, that's, that's, that's a conversation for another day. And hey, that Joker gave you effort. The blocking. Hey, he was mean at blocking boy Man. He, Hey, hey. When he used to go out to a read, He went out to everybody. It wasn't just everybody. Now Granite Ocho No. Hey, there's no love lost between the Steelers and the Ravens. Yeah. We saw the, we saw the intro with Big Ben and Sugar did that, but boy Hees went after to everybody.


Oh yeah. Always. Oh, always looking To get You back. That's why they changed the rules. That's why they ca Keith Rivers, Remember when he booked Keith Rivers? What's the name? John Keith Rivers. Keith Rivers, Yeah. Yeah, Cincinnati. I remember that. Yes. That. And they changed the rules. He's the reason why you can't do the blindside block anymore Right Back. You can't crack back no more. Yes. He's the reason He, he, he was absolutely the reason. But like I said, Ocho George is a young player, but at some point in time we gotta stop using age as an excuse. Right. He has to mature, he has to be an adult. He has to do the right things. A part of doing the right thing. Just saying the right things.


When to say what to say, how to say it. If so, like I said, Ocho we think a lot of things, but we know we can't say everything. That everything that comes up comes out. Right. Especially after the week that he just had last week. That's the last thing that he should want to like. Nah, I ain't say I I I ain't got nothing to say. I, I ain't, I ain't got, I ain't got absolutely nothing to say, but Right. But he was doing so good. Yes. He's seen growth in the offense. Year one, year two, year three, different quarterback, Russ, pro Bowl quarterback, super Bowl quarterback, a lot of starts upon his belt, lot of touchdowns on his belt.


And hey, this is my first year playing with a proven quarterback like a Russ that understands I understand him. He understands me. Oh, this was a, there's a lot of I see it, I see the growth, but there's a lot more room for improvement. Right. Oh. Everybody's like, man, you here pick man, he growing a, he grow. Oh, he mature right before our eyes. And he's like, nah, He gonna be all right though. You gonna be all right. Yeah. I mean, I, I don't he have the choice.


Yeah, but Does does he have to stay here, stay there after this year? I pick was the same round pick. So this is his third year, right? Yeah. Yeah. So he is at, so he is three year deal. So Yeah, he he's in line for a contract. Yeah. It it a I think, I think, I think it'd be good for him to, to, to, to to probably go to go, go somewhere Else. They got his rights. They could, they could transition. They could franchise it for real. Yeah.


Damn. Yeah. Damn. But they, they own, they own his rights. Right. Okay. They Understand. They just can't, they just can't give him that fifth year option because he wasn't the first, a fourth a first round pick. Right. Right, right, right, right. So He's in the same situation as Brock Purdy on later draft pick signed the, the, the deal. He probably signed a three year deal. Did he signed a three year or four year deal? He signed a four year. So they got it for another year. O ojo. Okay. They go nowhere and Ocho they gonna probably offer a contract. Yeah. I, I just read today, I think he's in line for a contract somewhere around 27 to $28 million a year.


Yes, sir. What you think? I mean, listen, getting 27, 28, I, I would, I would hope you'll use it the way you should be. I I would, I would hope you would do that. You know, there's, I mean, and I'm, I'm not gonna say it again, I'm not gonna repeat myself. I don't wanna be redundant. But you, you, you know, despite, despite the flaws and the red flags, what he can be his full potential man. Sh he could play with the best. He could play with the best of, Yeah. Oh, he could play with the best of, One thing we can't do is deniability.


Yeah. He's the only playmaker that they got on that side of the ball. He's The only one, the one that you, But That's, that's Neither hit nor air. But, well, I'm sure Coach Thomas is gonna talk to him like he has every year after the season. Tell him some of the things that he needs and want him to improve upon. And yeah, we'll see if, if it, if it, if it resonates.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps back. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp Bank, north America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe. And a subject to monthly limits timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was when when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nam Burkin tell you about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's n Challenge Script with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Amers, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're just soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Perky, That's short of Kaza Ruckus. Listen. NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your, and you will be glad you did.


Hope you could join us for the post-season run Ocho. Yeah. Dan tries to bring a crocodile school onto a flight. Indian Customs stopped a 3-year-old at security check-in before a flight to Canada. The Department of Forest and Wildlife conducted a forensic examination of the skull to confirm it was a baby crocodile, the animal at the protected species under the Wildlife Protection Act of 1972. Ojo, what's the wildest thing you've tried to bring into your carry on?


Alright, lemme Hey, that's A good question. No, so when I, I'm trying to think the wildest thing I tried to bring into my carryon, I ain't really had nothing like this. Huh? I'm, I'm just gonna be honest with you too because, you know, I travel real light. I travel real light. Now. I know people might, might laugh at me and, you know, make fun of me, you know, but you know, I purposely pack light when I'm traveling and one of the things that I always do, and you know, I, I mean, I mean no disrespect and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm getting better with time as I get older, but I always steal hotel towers when I come back home. So when I travel and I go places, I, I get, I take ho I take two sets of hotel towels to build up my collection at my place here.


And that would be the weird, I don't, I don't even know if you think you would consider that really being weird, but I mean, that's something I do. I've never had any, any type of memorabilia or, or, or, or artifacts or anything of that, of, of that, of that nature. But that, that's, that's, that's the only thing I can think of that I do, especially when traveling, you know, I pack, I pack one outfit, you know, I pack one pair of shoes when I go places for maybe more than two or three days and I just have multiple pairs of t-shirts, socks and underwear to be able to change. But I just rotate the same outfit over and over. But the weirdest thing I do is I, I I still sets the hotel towers. Ah, I'm trying to think. Maybe a hundred thousand dollars.


Ah, well if you got a hundred thousand dollars, what? I gotta pay you that 4,000. So That's what you owe. The bank got a lot of money. They still want the money that you owe. Now run me that. And that was long time ago. Whose bag is this? I'm like, why can we go through it? Yeah, but I'm gonna be looking at you while you do. Yeah. That, that's the damn show. Oh, I thought you can't, you can't. I can't. I thought you can't go through TSA with that kind of money though. Isn't there a limit? No, there Ain't no limit. Look when they, when they n people, somebody done tip them off, Right? Because look, sometimes you go through there, you got a full tube of toothpaste.


Sometimes you got mouthwash and no nothing. I've seen people like, oh my gosh, I got through here with this bottle of water. It happened. But they just ask, you know, where you going? I'm going home. Right. I ain't know. I ain't know that, huh? Yeah. Yeah. I ain't know. You could go through the airport with that kind of money. Oh yeah, for sure. I ain't have it on my body. Ocho you make it seem like I had a hundred thousand strapped To be. I I mean just even, even even TSA it would, it would alarm the agents. No. Why, why this individual carrying that kind of cash, you know, going, going through, going through the Checkpoint? I mean, I don't think I'm gonna set up any suspicious. Do you?


Yeah. You black with a hundred Thousand. I'm still she sharp too. They like Oh, Okay, okay. 'cause They, they, they recognize you. They like, okay. Yeah, he, he probably would have that kinda money. Okay. Yeah. You, I said a hundred thousand, not a hundred million. Okay. Pop, pop, pop, pop your hey, pop pop talk your talk, your talk, man. Hey, Well, lemme ask you this, don't, Joe? Yes, sir. I want to go through the, I wanna go through the airport with my $4,000 in Buffalo Nickels. You think I might be able to make that happen? 4,000 a who? Buffalo Nichols. Well, you know what, there's really no point. We in, we in 2025. Right. And if you, if you paid attention, technology is so advanced, they've made transactions very easy where you can use apps and you can transfer people money instantly.


Oh, Joe. Yeah. I really don't, I don't feel comfortable doing anything. I mean, last time I tried to do something with technology, you see what it got me. So I, I've stand away from technology. I beat on drain my entire bank account. I'll put all my money in somebody else's account. So no. So me, me and apps, I'm done with the apps. Well listen, I I I, I tell you what, I tell you what, what I tell you what, you have a team of people that you can trust. You said I can't send to Ash, I can't send to Jordan.


I can't send to anybody else on your team. How about you tell Michelle, let me, lemme send Michelle, I send Michelle to 4,000 and she'll give it to you. No, you know what? I'm gonna see if Shelly got Cash app. Oh, there we, there we go. Or, or Apple pay either one 4,000 My and it be over there like this. No, no, no, no. 5,200. What owe you 52? What? God, OBJ didn't get a thousand yards receiver from Tampa. I mean from Miami. Oh, So You going Tampa And I want No. For the Dolphins. And I want, I want 200, I want 200 and interest.


Oh yeah. That, that was my idea. Yeah. Well, thank you. I appreciate that. Yeah, that was my idea. Okay, cool. Bet. Oh, I got it. I got it, George. I got it. Bet no problem. You know that ain't, that ain't nothing to it Boss Man. You know Ocho Steelers fans? Bet. Who's your favorite player? Highest Water ab right now Highest Water is winning 55% to 45%. Hold on, wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait. A wait a wait a minute. Hold on. Now, first off, I need to understand how many Steeler fans we have in the chat. You the one that said put it to the chat. I told you let's as Steelers Fan.


But, but, but you, you said no, we have a, we have a multitude of fan bases in the chat. So it might not be enough Ocho. See you looking at it from a different lens, you think I'm saying who's the better player? I said, I didn't say that he is your favorite player, high War or ab. And I guarantee you, if you took a poll of just Steeler fans, I guarantee you high wore win. Okay, listen, it's one thing about Steelers fans, matter of fact, if you ask Steelers fans who their favorite receiver between Ab, Hees War and Osho, they gonna pick ocho. You know why? Because they love me and I love them and I've always been respectful and I gave them entertainment. Look That man, they love Hines boy because Hines hin is the embodiment of a steel.


Oh yeah, Yeah. Hardworking. Yeah. Everything l well hard hat goes to work, work long hours. That's him. And he did everything with a smile on. He did, he did everything with that goddamn smile With that two little ass helmet on his head. Ez his squeeZ me, you know what out of his face. But I tell you what, boy Hines would throw the hell at you, But not, not knock, knock. You clean out. I don't know. Hold bro. Did he not think Ocho, that you put this thing, they not gonna see that crocodile thing in his back.


Did the whole skull. In the backpack. But when you think about it, huh? We just talk about, we talking about, what do you call that when you have the deer and the antelope? The stuff Yeah. You know, what do you call that? Yeah, I mean, is there anything wrong with traveling with something like this? Yes. Because that's an, that's an endangered species and it's protected and you shouldn't have it. They sell those in stores. Yeah, but that's not sold. That was a live gator that he probably killed and chopped his head off and he's protected. And you don't, they don't have endangered species. One in the, in the store.


Okay. Well, I, I I didn't know that. I don't, I didn't Know the background. It's like certain, it's like certain birds, right? It's certain mammals, it's certain things that are endangered and protected and normal at a regular civilian can't possess it. Right. I wonder where this was at. I wonder where this is at because listen, I can walk outside right now in Canada. Oh, he Was gonna Canada he was, or India. Oh, it was, he it was in India. So you know, they got abundance of Crocodiles. Okay. Now that's understandable. That's understandable. Now I'm, I'm thinking about here in Miami alligators, cro, I'm not sure what we have here. Alligators or crocodiles. Oh, they everywhere. Yeah, but alligators used to be on the endangered species list and they protected 'em and see now, right, they have an abundance of them.


Yeah. Now they're everywhere. Yeah. But the reason why they're they're not everywhere is because as you expand the land, you expand it encroaching on the habitat. Where the hell they gonna go? Y'all keep building on bars, land and keep building and building and building. Wow. That's why they in your swimming pool. That's why they in your front yard, eating your pets and doing all that other stuff. They ain't got no choice. What'd you say? Eating your pets? Yes. If you keep, if you keep, if it's just like anything, if I build keep building further and further in the woods, eventually I'm gonna run into Bear and Bobcat and all that other kinda stuff. It's just, I would, I would love that man. Love what I would love. I, I think, I think one time be you should allow me to experience what it's like to be in the countries after you and I we should, we should take some, take a video and, and go out in the woods and record you and I out in the woods, you know, with, with with, with dangerous animals.


Bears and coyotes. I'm Lions, all that. I grew up in the country and saw Bobcat and saw all that stuff and rattlesnakes. I I'm good. O I'm good on that. No, I'm just saying that would be great content for us. Like Uncle Ocho take on the wilderness. Like, like I'll give you a camera and I'll let you do it. And then Ocho and the unc edits OCHO in the wilderness. You better live man. You not living man. Unc, you alive but you ain't living. Chad. Will y'all tell this man I grew up in? See, here's the thing. You want me to do stuff I've already done for 21st 20 years of my life. That's you. What you not understanding is you can gum, you can, you can go back to what you know, you can, you can, you can pass on your expertise to me and your experience.


When we are in the wood, we in the wilderness, like me and you, we could be perched up in a tree. We can see a grizzly bear. You can realize bears can climb trees. Right, Right. That's the exciting part about it. Ain't Nothing excited about that In the tree. Listen, we in a tree and a grizzly bear can get up there. So what do we do next? Well, I gonna have a gun. I'm gonna shoot it. That's what I'm do. That's the, That's the whole point. That is great content. You Can't, you can't. If you, if you look, if you are threatened, I mean a lot of places there, the, the bear is protected. Now they do have places where you can hunt. You have a certain time of year I think that you can hunt. But nah, I ain't really trying to, I ain't really trying to go back out there.


Oh Man, you not man. That we could have a whole, we could have a whole nature show. Man, think about it. Unc ocho takes on the, I'm like, I'm I'm telling you man, that that'd be crazy gold me, me teaching me how to fish. Okay, now, now we can do that. I can do that. No, We, you teach me how to ski it and you know, we hunt squirrels and raccoons and stuff like that. Yeah. And then we, we work our way up to bigger animals. Right. Well, all you gotta do, look, all you gotta do, if you gonna dress the animal, you're hanging the animal upside down. I mean, look, ain't nobody casing out, no squirrel. So you basically, you split him down the back and you pull right.


And you just like you taking off your shirt and pull your, you pull your pants down, you take your shirt off. That's how you do a squi. Not about now if you case matter And it's the catcher. Not only are we stuck in the woods, we don't get to eat unless we catch it. I'm Not, we got, you're Not the person I wanna be stuck in the woods with because you don't know Ish. So I don't wanna be stuck in the woods with you. You just said you have 20 years of experience being in, But you don't know how to make a fire. You don't know how to build nothing. Whoa, whoa. Time out. I smoked cigars. I don't need to know how to make a fire if I'm gonna have my goddamn lighter on me. I thought the whole part that you wanted to go in, the thing that you wanted to experience nature.


You're not allowed to have a lighter. I wanna hunt. I was a cub scout. No, I not Aub Scout. I'm, look, you see what happened in la I was a slump scout. I know how to start A fire. Some jack leg, some Jack Legg thought it would be a be a great idea. No, I'm not going nowhere with you. With no lighter. Look, we could go, we'll take a wrong, we'll take a what you call em Flint. We get started. Yeah, we'll do that. Well you listen, I don't need a play. I know how to do it with two rocks. Two rocks and a twig. Two rocks and a twig. Now I was Hey, I was a lead cub scout.


I was a lead Cub Scout. Scout sa scout. So You about to play for a baseball team named the Cubs. That's about the extent of it. No, and listen, I'm telling you, I'm telling you. Oh, I like, I like that. Oh, you did it away with the question. Oh, okay. Alright. Alright. Don't your now it's time for our final signal of the evening. It is time for q and a. God damn. We leaving already? I'm feeling good tonight, boy. Hey Chad, y'all good? We need to go down to Coach Prime Lake and beat truck Coach Prime fishing. Yeah, But in Coach Prime Lake, you gotta throw 'em back. You don't get to keep 'em now. Well that, that's fine. That's fine. Matter of fact, we can have a contest. Whoever had, we can weigh 'em. Whoever has the heaviest one, you know we have like a little, a little challenge, a little put a little money in The pot, you know, fish.


Ooh, I know. I don't. Oh Lord. Man, Lord. And Janko said, what's up Uncle Tcho call me ad just wanna let y'all know I received my rope package just popped Wasn about to get busy soon. My wife and Trump. She said, what's that? I said don't worry y'all what I'm talking about. Don't even worry about it. Don't nobody move but me though baby. That's it. That's it. Order the times of 29. October 24th, 1929. Look it up. It was a Thursday. Woo. That's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking about.


But you not supposed to let her know you got it. You got a Yeah. Wasn't supposed to say nothing. Nothing at all. Just give it at work. Huh? Baby. How's your day? You do anything for, you know what I'm saying? Gotta fight. Don't even talk. Don't even talk to me. I'm gonna, I'm gonna catch you in a minute. You gonna touch every corner in this house? Yeah, every corner. You think I was 17 again? Oh, good news. Don't DJ, shout out to the BS for winning the Triple Crown flight for winning the Triple Crown flight Hotel rental Carlock also.


Oh, take care of your buddy and your out your check like the NFL he used to it. We'll talk, we we'll see by them, bro. In fact, let me look at the scale. Let see what time they play tomorrow. Oh, So you see that flocking? That's Raven. You, you are you not a Raven. This man be hating. I'm not hating. I'm just telling you. I'm just telling you Absolute said. Keep talking your pocho. I'm a raven. I was, Huh? No, you was there for two years. Huh? Come on man.


Was it not a good two years? That's like if you, if you was married, you were married for 12 years, right? Then y'all get divorced and you go dating this other chick for two years. Like there's really no meaning. There's no, there's no no, no, no. Nothing between Y'all. We in love In two years. Nah, I'm a part of what started the culture for the Ravens. No, you are a Denver Bronco and I made that with the utmost respect That made. I'm just telling, you Know what? I think I'm gonna have my ra I think I'm gonna wear my Raven Super Bowl ring at, at, at, at the Super Bowl.


Why would you do that? Because that would signify that I wasn't Raven. Don't you have a Bronco Super Bowl Ring? I got two. I got one. I gave one to my brother. Okay. So You know you got extra if you give stuff away, you know what I'm saying? I got an extra pair of shoes. I give one to somebody that's in me. Right, right, right. That's what little brothers do. They take care of, you know. Well, cool. Well, well since, since since I, okay. Well I, I find some camp of my debt and pretend you Hey, didn't you hear President Biden say he's abandoning paying, paying off student loan?


Yeah, you gotta run me that. Oh, so, so they, oh, so they lied to everybody. Hey, there was the first round that got taken care of. It's this other round that ain't gonna get taken care of. Yeah, it did. I I they probably, they probably pick and chose who, who they took care of too. I don't know what they did. I'm picking the choosing two. You owe me play up Pook. That's fine. I got you. Jones say once a Raven's always a Raven. It's about Raven History and UNC in it. Alright. You got your little fans in the chat supporting you. You know, even, even, even though you was, you, you was there for such a short amount of, So you look on That's cool. I'm, I'm, you know, Raven, I'm Raven's got a great memory.


You know that Raven's got a great memory. Ocho Yeah. Like somebody might do something to a Raven and the Raven won't forget it and he pass it along to the other Ravens. Right. Okay. Honestly, I think I'm more Raven than you though. I ain't, I'm more Raven. You blacker than me. But that's about it. I ain't even play for the Ravens. I'm more Raven than you. How'd you figure? 'cause just, just just the, the rivalry and the, and the fun and the entertainment in which I was able to, to to to, to give the Raven fans. I'm more Raven than you. I gotta figure how you figure I actually played for the Ravens.


I actually won championship with the Raven and somehow you played for the I played for the Bengals, but I, I'm I'm still so Raven because of just what I bought to those, Those rocks. No you don't. No, no, no, no. You not a Raven. I'm sorry. No. Okay. And we not gonna even adopt you. Tony. BRA said sharp o You got two teams. Any any team on on that's your team. Even if it's a practice squad? Yeah, I played with two teams, the Bronco and the Ravens. Alright, I'm gonna let you have it. You got it. How you Lemme have it. I did. You're you're Raven.


You, you know the, the chat agrees with you. That that's fine. That's fine. So lemme ask you a question. So is Dion. So is Dion a falcon or a cowboy? Ooh, that's a good one. Okay, well gimme a good answer. That's a good one. I think based on where he played wasn't the amount of years he played on East team, like somewhat the same. And he spent and went to San Francisco, won a championship in San Francisco. So is he not a 49 or two? Listen man, we talk about teams. So they Put all the, they put all the teams you play for on the plaque. Okay. All right. You're, you're a Raven. Thank you. You're, you're a raven with a little asterisk right by it.


A Terrell bull said Hey, I got my grip socks from the hospital and abolish. Hey, Hey. You got the hospital grip, huh? Oh, you know them socks they give you in the hospital. Hold your, So you stand They got, they got, they got the grip on. They got the grip on. I Got some of them upstairs. Upstairs I do, but when I had my surgery on my hips. Oh, you still got em? Yeah. Okay. I told let Get an extra pair. I knew they gonna come in handy. Plus for $125,000. He should have gave me by a a a case of them Dab Smith said, I believe Ravens are going to Super Bowl with this version of Lamar.


And because they have a closing in Henry, he can win a game by himself. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. When look, they get the last four minutes of the ball game. This is what you got Derrick Henry for. Don't let him get the ball back. Hmm. He can run the air out of it. Yeah. And but when, when they start gearing up putting eight men on the line of scrimmage, the marqui didn come out the backside. So we gotta counter to your counter. We just gonna see how y'all playing it. Okay. Lamar read it.


They crash. Take Derrick Gabriel away that backside without inside zone re pull it. You saw 'em, they ready it like four times in a row. They pulled it each time because kept crashing. And when they hesitated, Henry hit his head on the gold pools right up the middle. Isaiah Lancaster said Uncle Ocho, where would you rank all time if you won a third MVP and a Super Bowl along with Super Bowl MVP and for the media and immediate labor. Herbert as elite and as never and he was was never. And he was off for the day.


Three MVPs, super Bowl mvp. Top five. Top five Probably so Yeah, top five Probably. So OCHO Would be nothing else. You probably look it's gonna be close to five. 'cause you'd have Brady, you'd have Montana, you'd have Mahomes, you'd have Peyton, you'd have Rogers. So I don't know if he'd be six. I don't know if you put him in the top five because you got Manny with five MVPs. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Two Super Bowls and OC Bull mvp. You got Rogers with four MVPs.


A Super Bowl mvp. You got Joe with three and three. Brady is seven and you got Mahome. So he knocking at the door. Oh Yeah. He most, he goes from maybe 10, 11 all the way to right there. The customer top five quarterbacks of all time. Yeah. And he's 28 years of age with more to do. That's great. Joseph said, can we talk about the Texas we'll beat the Chiefs. It's going to happen. Possible. You gonna have to play better than you play.


I mean, if you play like you played the second half, you got a chance it make a good game. That's a different animal now. Yeah. Different animal, Different Defense. That's a, the playoff chiefs are different than the chiefs that you faced in the regular season. That guy. That's a big game Hunter. Yeah. One five. He knows how to get it done. Andy. He knows how to call plays, spas, knows how to attack your quarterback. So y'all gonna have to be on your best behavior.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nanan Kin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's n Challenge scripted with Birkin Demers. Hey, I am Jason Deir, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find out. We're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demurs, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL, we're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course, Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did.


Hope you could join us for the postseason Run Buck's. Bateman says, Steelers organization gotta look at themselves and ask if mediocre enough. 'cause that's what they are. I move on from Talmud. Enough is enough Ocho, That's tough. That's tough. I mean, 17, 18 years of consistency of winning seasons. That's tough. And, and listen, a situation like that. Yeah. When it comes to the, and what Mike Tomlin has done and been for the Steelers in general, I would let him make that decision.


No, I would, I would let Mike Tomlin make that decision. Well, he ain't, He ain't leaving. Yeah, I mean, I just, just, just based on the question, question that was asked, you know. Oh, Can I ask you a question? Yes, sir. Is Derrick if Derrick Henry a Raven? He's a Tennessee Titan now. Huh? Okay. You checking? I know he is having a phenomenal season. No, he's having, I'm just checking him. Just Checking. But when he, when he, when he, when he hangs it up, he's a Tennessee Titan. So that man go there, he run for 1900 yards, all pro, help get a team to the Super Bowl. He could easily be he Lamar that Had, that had nothing to do with the tenure that he had in Tennessee all those years.


Oh. So if a guy works at one organization for 10 years and works at another organization. So if I work at Apple for 10 years and then I go work at Google for three years, I'm not a Google employee. I mean, okay. You really count them. No, you're an Apple employee. Okay. A James Morrison OCHO is definitely my favorite receiver between highs and ab. Some people speculating if Peak and Pickens even, those are what optimistic means. LOL. Did the media ever use for unfamiliar words with you as a player? Nah. I mean, obviously with the media I was, I was the one using the big words.


If you haven't noticed, if you see my spelling and that's, that, that was my expertise. Okay. So how many years did was Saquon need to be at the, the Eagles to be considered an eagle? He's a new, he's a New York giant. Okay, I'm just checking. I'm just, I'm just making sure. Okay, because I listen it continuity. He's a, he's a New York giant. They didn't want him though. I mean, listen, I, I've been in situations where people didn't want me. Okay. Nate Harper said, Hey Gancho, what do you think of winning blueprint for the Eagles against the Packers tomorrow?


Love you guys. Dunk it up. S that's gonna be a game boy. Yeah, That's gonna be, and the, the blueprint for the Eagles is put the ball in 26 belly. That's it. And when you do throw the ball, get it to AJ Brown and get it to Devonte Smith. Allow the run game to open up the pass game. Now that's something you really wouldn't say in today's game because it's the pass Happy league. Take some of the pressure off J off hurts. Let's say Quan do what he does. At some point, they're gonna have to bring that safety on down and there's gonna be one-on-one on our outside. You got two receivers that can be man to man. Whether it's press or whether it's off.


Just make throws. Make throws. That's it. Simple Fil McNasty. Your Uncle Ocho grabs to the Texas and Ravens. Question, how did you deal with fear before a game? Also, any chance we can see Jordan and Ash, thanks for all Ocho, you and Ocho do fly. Eagles fly. I don't think it was fair. It was, I mean, obviously you gonna have nerves. I mean, you get a que you you get that que that queasiness in your stomach and you like, look. You're like, woo. That's a big game. I mean, it, it happens. Anybody if, if you don't feel nerves, the game ain't big enough. Nah.


Matter of fact, if you don't feel nerves at all, that means your love for the game is gone. Yep. Those butterflies before kickoff And I got them in preseason. Always, always nervous as hell. And then I don't calm down until I touch the ball. Yep. I don't calm down until I touch the ball. So there, there's a certain nervousness in, in, in, ah, that's weird. It's such a crazy feeling that I haven't had since I left the game. No, nothing replaces the game. Nah, nothing replaces the game. There's nothing that, I mean, you try, I mean that's why guys, you know, they try to play golf. They, they gamble, they, you know, they pick up hobbies.


But ain't nothing com com that, that competitive that you've been doing. Yeah. Think about how long you played the sport. Right? I mean, even if, even, even if you only picked it up in high school, you didn't play like I played, I started playing, I was nine. Right? Well, I played, I played competitive tackle football for 26 years. I retired at 35. What was I gonna think about it? I had played football damn near as long as I've been alive. Five. Yeah. What Am I gonna replace that with? Doing what? Nathaniel? No. It even, even if I'm playing golf, it's competitive. But that guy ain't trying to hit me over his head with his club. He not trying to block me.


My ball from going in the hole. Yeah. In the football field. That guy will stop trying to stop me from doing my job. Right. So it's, it's hard. You have to catch us in the airport and you gotta be real fast. 'cause Ash be running. Cal Simpson said's up. Unc UNC and Ocho been a fast since UNC told Goose. I knew about restitution. Which would y'all rather see Ma homeboy win the first ever three beat or Amazing win His first one. I'm pulling for Lamar. I'm pulling for Lamar too. I, I've, I've said it multiple times. I, I only want Lamar if he has, if he goes through Mahome to do it, I don't care who he go through.


I just wanna see, I want go. I he got, he gotta go through the big dog. I don't want somebody to knock. I don't, I don't want, I don't want Mahome boy to get knocked off before. And they said well see he ain't have to face Mahome. 'cause you know Mahome is kryptonite. Yeah. Yeah. I Mean think about, hey and all this time the man knocked you out last year. That means you would have to go to, to get your revenge, you'd have to go to his house. Right. I gotta go to your house, Ocho. That's what, that's what, think about it. That's what my homeboy did. Lamar was the MVP last year. He Went to his home, did that.


Yeah. That's what made Brady think about Brady. Bradys going to people's home and did this. He went to the homeboy home and did that. He went to Roger's home and did that. Yeah. Yeah. He did It. It, it is a little something special when you go to you, Hey, you take your show. Hey, we used to say, nigga, I take this show on the road. Oh man. Repeat probably won't ever see it again. Uhuh. I don't think you'll ever see it again. Don't you? If it don't happen now, because like I said, the 49 ERs got 49 ERs got the closest.


They went back to back lost in the NFC championship game to the Giants with Roger Craig fu the football and they kick a field goal. You know what k I'm gonna answer this. When they play, if they, if they lock horns in two weeks, I got your answer. Hey. Hey. Yeah. Got something funny. What that you wanna hear? Yeah. Hey Chad, y'all listening Pay attention when I say this. Okay? You ready? Huh? Ask. Y'all can hear me. Jordan, why is 69 afraid of 70?


Why ocho? Because they fought in 71. Lord have mercy. This, huh? Yeah. Y'all can tell you got a nap today, huh? Hey Chad, don't let OCHO sleep no more. Y'all call it Wake hiss ass up. Patterson Yazzy said UNC and Ocho. It's been 10 years to the day since Dez caught it. We still haven't recovery Ocho. Yeah. Did de catch it. That was a catch against the Cowboys.


He made two steps. Two steps. And if anything it would've been a fumble and a touchdown because he rolled into the end zone By the letter of the law. That was the, that was the Megatron. Because remember Megatron caught the same play against the bears. Yes. And he tried to get up, he caught it and tried to get up, Tried and tried to get up using the Ball, using the ball and they said no. Yeah. So once they said, once he replayed it and I saw, I said no, they go, because in the rule, the way the rule is written on Joe, if you leave your feet and go to the ground, Right, You must maintain possession of the ball through the entirety of the act.


In other words, get your ass off. Off the guy that had the ball to the ref, they later reworked the rule because Hold on, hold on. Who caught the ball today? Oh, Durbin James interception ocho. Yeah. Yeah. I'm thinking what's the difference between that interception and the one the Rams had last week? Wait, I didn't see the ball hit the ground anyway. I didn't either. I didn't either. But hey, so Don Mimes minds, Hey Uncle Notcha heard the corn by Ed Reed and Troy as an Eagle fan.


What do y'all rank be do during that era? That's a good one. I know, I know Troy, ed is one A, one B, depending on, you could switch it either way depending on what you want, what whatever your preference may be. But those two are at the top. Now I'm not sure you could Beat, that was a good era for football because you had John Lynch in that era. You had Darren Woodson in that era. You had B dog obviously you had Ed and Troy. That was a, that was a really a golden era for For the safety position. Yeah.


I would put B dog behind. Like I said, ed for me is the greatest safety I've ever seen ever. Safety. I have ever greatest safety I ever broke down. But I would put him behind there. I wouldn't put B Dog in front of Ronnie. People forget about Ronnie Lock. Ronnie first year Ronnie played corner. Ronnie played corner. Yeah. And I think he had, Ronnie might have had 10 PI think it was all pro at at corner. We'll have to look that up because Ronnie came out in 81. Ronnie was in that draft with Kenny Easley, Dennis Smith, Lawrence Taylor, single Terry, all of them was in that Ricky Jack, all of them was in that 81 draft.


Yeah. Man, that's Crazy. So single Terry was defensive player of the year. Kenny EA was defensive player of the year. Ronnie was defensive player of the year. Obviously LT was three time defensive player of the year. Right. You look it up. Oh you did. Don't worry Chu. March 22nd. I just shot. I just want to shout my wife out. Rashana Marshall, I love her and couldn't do this journey called Life without Her Rashna. Aww. She wanted to shout you out. Says, you know what? He wouldn't want to do this journey with anybody else other than you.


So you've been walking with him side by side and there sometimes he saw two sets of footprints. You and God 'cause he was not carrying himself. So Rashana, thank you for being down. We appreciate you. I like that. Huh? I like how you added that in there. Two sets of footprints. Yours and God. I like that. I'ma use that. I'm use That. Ah, thank you. That concludes this episode of Nightcap. Damn. Already. Already bro. We over two hours. I'm your favorite. On Shannon Sharp, bad guy. Liberty City, legend, Binga Ring of Fame. Monte Pro Bowler All Pro, that's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please hit that subscribe button, please hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Thank you guys. I love y'all for your support and continued support. Make sure you check out and support Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock in abundance and if you cannot find it in a city or state near you, just order it because we want you to celebrate 2025. What better way than with a bottle of Shea Ba la Poitier and please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of this platform. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out our newest, its release releases just dropped last month. Shirts, sweats, bean cos and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last and tickets for our first Super Bowl show in New Orleans.


It's our first spring tour stop. And the tickets are on sale now and it's going to be held at the Mahalia Jackson Theater. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February the sixth. Be there. You don't wanna miss it. Both Nightcap and Club Shahe are both nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap has been nominated for outstanding podcasts, arts, sports, and Entertainment Club. Sheha was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for your guys. The link is pin in our bios. Ravens run past the Steelers 28 14 in the divisional playoffs. The division rivals locked horns and the Ravens ran away with this one.


299 yards rushing. Derrick Henry had 186. Two touchdowns. Lamar threw, had two touchdown passes and he ran for an additional 81 yards. As they double up the division rivals and win. 28 14, the Texans move on with a 32 to 12 victory over the charges with a little dice in the first half, but they blew it open thanks to a pick six in the second half and they win comfortably. CJ Strau was 22 or 33, 2 82 and a touchdown with a pick Joe. Mix had 25, carries a buck oh six one touchdown and Ni and Nico Collins had seven catches, a buck 22 and one touchdown as they win decisively 32 to 12, they pick off Justin Herbert four times.


He only threw three interceptions all this season, but they picked him off four times and they sacked him an additional four times. So thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Our pump e Ocho will see you after tomorrow night's game. Thank you for joining us. The Volume.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number number one podcast network. iHeart Open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Kinter type of a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Amers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And you, we'll be glad you did.