
This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 a monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers with in the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month, it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing up ISS easy. Just download the new PayPal app to Sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp. NA person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament in the world is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. Next up we got Match day four, which feeds it. Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the UEFA Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports.


Coming soon to Prime Video. You can call Me Detective Alex Cross, Based on characters created by James Patterson. We have To catch this serial killer. I don't count for Foot and created by Ben Watkins. Ms. Ke thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldi Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If We don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. The clock's ticking. You think you can stop him? I No I can't. 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected. From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile. Keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption. Required card has no cash access and expires in six months. Six months.


The Volume, TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. whatever you call a touchdown One thing for sure. Touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. we want to bet on touchdowns. And. a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us. If you watch the Kansas City Chiefs remain undefeated with a 30 24 victory in overtime, Patrick Mahomes was perfect in overtime and they go down the field, they get the ball first in OT. And you know, a touchdown wins the game. Not a field goal. Both teams will get an opportunity to possess the ball. If one team scores a kicks the field goal, but Kansas City ended it, they score a touchdown 30 24 to remain the only unbeaten team in the NFL. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe, that guy. My partner, my co-host. He's your favorite. 85, the Route runner extraordinaire, Liberty City Zone, Bengals, ring of Fame Honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All Pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Yeah, just call him Mocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber matters. We thank you for mattering because of you. We are who we are. Thank you so very much. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock and you know the holidays are right around the corner, so if we don't have it in a state or sitting near you, you can order it and we'll get it to you by Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year. You got three very important holidays. What better way to celebrate than with Shea Ba la Porter? Please go follow my media company page.


She Shea Media on all its platforms. And my clothing company 84. I knew its release dropped last week. I was held when I was. Well, I'll lie for you before I lie to you. T-shirts drop Black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand. Stay with me now. Hoodies and of course our bestsellers. The Unc and OCHO tees. We got a lot of requests from Unc and OCHO tees to come in black. We heard you. We release those this weekend. Quantities are limited. Please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. And guys, we got a very, very special guest with us tonight. I called his ass last week. I said, man, what time you go to bed? He is like his wife. His name Melissa.


Melissa Shannon asked me what time I go to bed. What bed? So he stays up till late. So we have him join us. He's on the East coast. Y'all know who he is. He's an MVP. He's a 13 time all star. Three time home run Derby Champ. A 10 time Globe Gold glove winner, A seven time Silver Slugger winner and and one of the greatest baseball players of all time. My good friend Ken Griffey. Jr gr. What'd it do? Nothing man. What's going on Man? I'm good man. We looking at the bank now that you got all the gold gloves up there, there's one missing. You know, it's, it's up there. It's just on top.


The first, the first one people want touch 'em. So, you know, I bring You gotta have one out for him. Yeah. Yeah. That's, that's loud. I Keep him up there. Well, thank thanks for joining us Grip. Let's get to what we just saw. We watched the Kansas City Chiefs remain unbeaten. The only unbeaten team in the NFL Patrick Mahomes. 34 44 2 91. Three touchdowns, Kareem Hunt, 27 carriers a buckle six. The game-winning touchdown. Travis Kel had 14 catches, a hundred yards D Hop eight for 86. Two touchdowns. Ocho you and I talked about this last week. Yeah. That he was gonna get even more involved this week. Yeah. Andy Reed said he was going to get him more involved and over time he wanted him to do what Travis Kelsey did against Buffalo.


There's nobody over him. He wanted him to belly and Patrick was gonna put the ball on him. Ocho Yeah, but he hadn't been there a while. He doesn't know that. So he's running what he would probably run in any other offense. Ocho, when you watch this game last night, what did you like most about what you saw from the Chiefs and pulling out this victory? Listen for one. What I like most about the Chiefs, I wanna mention Dhop first. I wanna mention Dhop first and being there for a week and a half or whatever it may be. Obviously last week he had two catches. He was, he wasn't a part of the offense just yet, but it dhop today looked like the Dhop Bowl. He had eight for 86. He was able to get open and it seemed like he's finding a nice rhythm and chemistry, obviously with, with Patrick Mahomes.


Outside of that play that you that, that you're talking about, the Chiefs always find a goddamn way to win Unc Always, I, I don't listen. I don't, I don't, I don't understand. I don't know what's going on. A lot of people always complain or the rest are on their side or the, or The calls that they always get are always timely and always in their favor. But Patrick Mahomes is special Unc because when it matters most, you always find a way to come through and make the plays that matter most in the most opportune times when it counts. And that's what I saw again from him tonight. Griff, you watch this game in its entirety. You a big football fan. What did you like, what did you like about the Chiefs? Because the Buck gave 'em all they can handle. Give Bakker, Mayfield credit Ocho, they're down a touchdown.


Yeah, under two minutes to go. He leads them down the field, tie the ball game up. You know, you go to overtime and a lot of times whoever gets the ball first and they, Kansas City got the ball first and they, the rest is, as we say is history. Griff, what did you like about what you saw in this game? It's unbelievable. I mean, Patrick, you can't say enough of him. I mean, just, he's just phenomenal. You know what I I I do like is the maturity level that Bakker has shown over the years. I mean, he is come a long way from, you know, Oklahoma to now. I mean that's the most impressive thing that I saw is how he, he's adapted to being a professional now compared to that college life. But you know, that team is is well-oiled and, and they're a lot of fun to watch, you know, seven and Oh, I mean it's just, what can you say?


I mean, they're a team that you gotta, you gotta prepare for day in and day out. You know, you hoping that they get a bye week week so they get a little rusty, but they don't look like they don't care. They go get rusty anytime soon. Yeah, well you look at them Ocho the and Grip the two in-season acquisitions, they get Kareem Hunt, they lose Pacheco, Kareem Hunts give them the balance in the run game they need go down a couple of receivers. They go out and make the trade for D Hopp. That's teams that says we're going for it. A lot of teams talk about, oh, we trying to win and we gonna go for it. Right? But we don't see the moves that they make to show us that they're going for it. Kansas City Chiefs, they're going for it. I don't believe they're done. I believe they're gonna try to add another piece.


Ocho you think? Because they say, look, I think they're gonna try to add a corner, right? Because they wanna show up that side. Because if you notice tonight there wasn't a whole lot of pressure. No. You know, spags like to bring pressure. Yeah. And you can bring pressure if you got two dogs on the edge. Remember they had had SNE last year that McDuffy McDuffy is as good as we have in this league. Got the corner position. So I don't believe the chiefs are done yet. Well, tomorrow we'll find out if they're done or not. But they, a lot of teams talk about it. The Kansas City, Kansas City Chiefs be about it. They are about it. I like, I like what I saw with Give Tampa credit. Now obviously they ended up losing the game. But I agree with you, Griff. If you look at what he was in college, he didn't in Cleveland, but he's found a home now.


He had a short standing Carolina for whatever reason that didn't work out. The Rams, we knew that wasn't gonna work out. That was only because he was there because Stafford got got injured. And so we know he wasn't gonna unseat Stafford. But to go to Tampa, find a home, he had two quality receivers. Although both of them are out for the time. Chris Godwin is out for the, the, the season. We don't know when Mike ever is coming back. Maybe a couple of weeks he tweaked that hamstring again. But they have a solid team. They have a solid team. Atlanta seems to be the cream of that division right now. Ocho Yeah, because they're good offensively defensive. They can throw the football. They got a nice running game with Bijon Robinson and now J but right now the Kansas City Chiefs at eight and Oh yeah.


Everybody's like, who is gonna be the team that knocked them off? Somebody, somebody gotta knock 'em off at some point. And what I think the chief, what I think the chiefs wanna do is you want to taste defeat a little early. You want to taste defeat a little early so it doesn't happen later on. Especially in the goddamn playoffs. I know it's One thing. You think about the Patriots when they had their undefeated season. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not sure the chiefs are built that way offensively to actually go undefeated and beat everybody that's on the remainder of the schedule. But I think they, you wanna get a loss, you wanna get it, get that taste that sour taste out your mouth and get, and get one out the way. But dog it let, I don't, I don't, I have, I have a question for you.


Matter of fact, I have a question for you and Griff, who do you think is playing better now at the quarterback position? Lamar Jackson. Now both of 'em are getting it done in a different way. Lamar Jackson or Patrick Mahome. Well, if you look at the totality for the entirety of the game is Lamar and Jerry golf is playing better than, than Patrick Mahomes. Oh, okay. Okay. Patrick Mahomes played well in moments. Right When you, when it's a moment. Right. It's kinda like Griffey, you could equate this, like a guy might be struggling at the plate, but he come out with runners in scoring position and it's the bottom of the ninth or it's the, the eighth inning and he gets a hit, he drives into, or he drives it over the fence. That's what Mahomes, Mahomes is a big game hunter.


You know, the bigger the game, the better he's gonna play. The bigger the moment, the better he's gonna play. And he's the one guy you trust because he's been in more of those moments than all the other quarterbacks combined in the NFL once Tom Brady left. Nobody has been in bigger moments, came up that big in bigger moments than one. Patrick Mahomes. Griff, what do you like about what you see from Mahomes when you see him in in in moments like that? Well, I mean, you know, big, big time players go to big time situations and they produce and, and that's the, the key. I mean, you know, his track record speaks for himself. He goes on there, like you said, sometimes you, he get like a little quirky sometimes, but for the most part, when it's time to lock in, he gets locked in.


And you want that and you want that from, you know, your leaders and your team. And in baseball the same way. I mean, we got guys that, you know, are streaky and, but that guy that comes in and they know he owns them, it, it's a different at bat. You could see how he walked to the plate. He got a whole different swag to him. Yeah. You know, because sometimes, you know, he walked to the plate, he's like, oh, I gotta face this guy. And then all of a sudden they bring in somebody and he knows he is like, you know, eight for 14 against him. He got a whole new approach. And, and sometimes, you know, you need that. And, and Patrick, like I said, he, he's phenomenal. I mean, it was a lot of fun to watch the game, especially at the end when he said win it.


I mean, that's what you want. Yeah. It ain't about, you know, he said, I wanna win it, so we gonna win it. And that's what you want from your leaders G Lip try to equate this. Like you see Kansas City, they're going for the threepeat and we see some of the moves that they've made. They bring in a dhop, they bring in a Kareem hunt and like the trade deadline is tomorrow. And I don't believe they're done. I still believe they're gonna try to go out and get a number a, a number one corner to pair alongside Trent. Trent McDuffy, when you was playing baseball and you were on teams and they was like, okay, we're going for it. Were you like, were there a particular player out there that you thought might be available that you guys can bring in? When you had those great teams in Seattle, when you and a Rod and Edgar Martinez and you had Randy Johnson, where you like, man, if we just had, if we need a, if we had one more bat or if we had one more pitch or we had a setup man, or we had a closer, did you like guys go get somebody, You know, that the teams that wanna win are gonna do it?


I mean, as a player and, and I speak from a player's point standpoint right now, when you see a ownership go out and get somebody to help your ball club, it not only energizes the the players, it energizes the whole locker room. Yeah. Energizes the front office and also energizes the fans. Correct. Who gonna, you know, and they're the ones paying the, the money to come see you play. So for me, when they go out and get a player, you know, I was a, a hired gun one time in my career. I went from Cincinnati to Chicago. Right. And, you know, just to get into the locker room and the guy, the guys, you know, thanking me and, and stuff like that. And you know, it's a unbelievable feeling.


But also, you know, you still gotta go do a job and you know, it's on the job training. 'cause you know, you talk about hop, how he had been there a week, you know, and I looked at an NFL playbook and I was like, oh no, Uhuh, no do do do cover two, cover three. Just do do this. The the route tree. I'm over there like, no, just, I wanna be a running back. Just open the hole and lemme run. But yeah, Griff, you don't have all the, lemme ask you this, Griff, when you go to the plate, you know this picture because at, at this point in time, for the most part, after about five or six years in the league, ob obviously there are pitchers coming in, pitchers coming in every single year. But you're very familiar with a lot of guys.


What they like to throw, they like to throw your way, they like to high and tight. You, they gotta slide 'em. They got a curve, they got a slur ball, they got a knuckle change, a cutter, whatever the case may be. When you go up there and you, let's just say you're facing Greg Maddox or Tommy Blavin, what are you thinking? What am I thinking? Well, I hit a ball out in 1992 in the All Star game against Mad Dog. And I didn't see that pitch again. He never threw it to me again. You know, great, great pitchers and, and great hitters. Don't forget things, you know, we just we're built like that. You know, guys that come in and throw certain pitches. But a lot of it has to do with situations.


Okay. You know, guy on first base, I'm lefty. I'm trying to hit a ball in the hole guy on second. I'm still trying to get him over, but I'm not giving up. And it back guy on third with less than two outs. I'm trying to drive men. Okay. You know, fundamental baseball. 'cause I came up as a number two hitter. I batted second, so I had to do all the little things. Then I went to fifth, they were like, we're gonna teach you how to drive and runs. So I learned the drive in runs, then they stuck me in third. Once I got the third, I was like, oh, this is where I belong. And the rest of this, you know, but it, you know, a year and a half of, you know, going through, you know, bating second bating fifth, learning the game and, and people don't understand.


Learning the game is not something that is very easy. You know, going from college you guys to, to the pros. It's a whole different animal. You do. And same thing in baseball. You know, you got one guy that's, you know, throwing 95 in eight ball. Well you've got 20 guys on the staff, you know, 13 guys just throwing the same thing. Right. Right. You know, and all of 'em have different, you know, release points and, and and things. But you just gotta sit there and study. I mean, we can break it down to how many breaths a guy take before he throws his fastball. Does he inhale or exhale, you know, just like you guys, you know, offensive lineman if his knuckles is, is a certain way, it's a run.


It's a run. Yeah. Run. If I see pressure, yeah, I see pressure. It's run. Yeah. I mean, so, you know, we, we look at the same thing to find, to find details, make you successful. You know, guy that can go from the stretch, if he has his, you know, he comes set and his glove is above his chest and he's, you know, he's throwing a certain pitch. If it's down low, he's throwing another pitch and you just watch. And, and like a couple years ago, Atlanta pitcher was pitching and you know, I call it 15 straight pitches from my couch because I can see it. You know, and, and that's what you gotta do. If you wanna be successful, you gotta study. You gotta do it day in and day out. It's just not, you just show up at the ballpark. They tell you what's going on.


Nah. You gotta learn the, the fine details of, of your craft.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 Via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device qualifying credit and poured in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events looking nice. Abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for dinner with the fam drinks with the guys and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm mainly a jeans and t-shirt guy. But Abercrombie has to dress your fits that keep me comfortable. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's o doo.com


This fall watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Hey guys, it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips, AJ McLean and I recently hit the Vegas Speedway to test drive the Hyundai Ionic five in before the iHeartRadio Music Festival. We have an awesome episode, recapping our experience out. Now take a listen and thanks to Hyundai for making this possible. We got to do a timed race between the, the two of us. He Might have beat me by several. I won, although I did hit more cones. It's okay. Wait, that doesn't disqualify you. I think it dis I mean, look, you know what it, it's like, it's like splitting hairs here. Let, let's just not be, I think I deserve another 10th of a second. Did hit it go though. Oh my practice run. Yes. Still. So then we got to go follow a lead car on the main track. We got the car up to 115 miles per hour, which is the fastest I've ever gotten in my life. We, yeah, we saw, I do that on my, my sleeve, but I did hit, there's a very special button in the car. It's a little special red button that the second you press that button, you are literally like accelerating full torque, full speed, full horsepower, 10 Seconds, 6 41 horsepower. Yes. Like instantly in like 10 seconds. This episode is presented by Hyundai.


So you're saying If you bat, so you have to change. So if you bat lead off, you have to do a certain thing because there's a lead off here. You're trying to get on base as a two. You're trying to push, you're trying to push the lead off to second or get him to third. If you can drive him in, you drive him in third. Maybe you got two guys. And so basically the top five, the top five batters all have a different task, but they're trying to do the same thing. Yeah. We all have different jobs. You know, you look at a lead off hitter, his job is to make sure that number three and number four see enough pitches. So he may take, you know, a a, a ball right down the middle. Okay. So the guys can get their timing to hit. Okay. You know, 'cause 'cause guys, you know, they, what are we looking at?


Okay, how's this change up If he, if he can't throw his change up over four strike, we ain't swinging at it. Right. You know, so we gotta learn these things. And usually, you know, nowadays, you know, the guys 20 home runs would get you paid Back then, you know, guys weren't thinking about 20 home runs. You know, when I came up, I, my dad hit 22, I thought I was gonna be just like him when I hit 22 home runs. I literally called him and was like, I tied you. And that was like a, a big moment for me. 'cause I was like, that's, you know, I patterned my game after my dad and you know, that was the fun part. And he said, you gonna hit way more home runs than I am. You gonna drive in more runs than I'm, I'm looking at him like, you know, because sometimes you look at dad like this, you know, when you young.


But you know, you know, sometimes you know, as you get older you start to understand Dad does know what he's talking about. Right. You know, we just, we just gotta believe in him sometimes. Right. Griffin, I mean, you, you was telling me the story when I had you on the pod way back when and you said like a lot of times when your dad would come, like when your dad wasn't there, you driving the ball over the, over the RVs like four, 400 feet away. Your mom watches you, there's no pressure. Soon as your dad comes, you're like, and your dad told your mom one time. I thought you said this boy could hear. Yeah. He literally said, is he good? Because every time I see him he do nothing.


And I just, you know, like people forget that every Saturday, you know, my dad's still playing so I didn't see him. Right. So if I wanted, you know, that, that father approval, you know, I'm trying to hit the ball country mile. Right. And I'm just swinging as hard as I can. Popping it up. Swinging and missing. He was with the braids one time and he came in and I went over to a, popped up to the catcher and struck out. And then I drove to the ballpark. He said, how did do, I said I went three for five, two home run and a double. He said, you gotta do that when I'm there. I said, I don't know, I'm just, and then finally I got a hit in a ball and instructional wave and he was in a RV in left field. He sliced the window open and said, now was that so bad.


And shut it and drove off. And and from that point on, from that point on, I was, I was good, you know, I got my first hit and that's all you really is. Like you have to break the ice. And, but for a while I was the defensive specialist when he was at the game. I could go get him with the best of him, but I couldn't hit water if I fell out a boat when he was sitting in there. Even my, even my high school coach told my dad, Hey, you might not wanna show up. He can't clear in front of you. Hey, Hey Griff. At, at what point did the game slow down to you? Like if you ever watch you come to the plate for those that have watched the game in baseball and watched you play over the years, there was a certain calm and relaxness to you and confidence when you came to the plate.


Obviously you're known for having the most beautiful swing in the game in baseball of all god damn time. At what point did the game slow down to you when you had that confidence? When you knew you had it and you finally had arrived? Well, I've always had it, but that's the, because I believe in myself, but it was on the job training. You know, you're learning so much. Okay. How to be a pro. The travel, I mean, I'm in a hotel, you know, 82 days, you know, figuring out, you know, I can't get rent a car, I can't do nothing 'cause I'm 19. I gotta rely on things. So it took me probably a year and a half.


And then I really settled down when my, my dad was playing with me because then I could see, I could see what was going on. I could see him set up pictures, I could see him do certain things. And I'm like, that's what you do. And it really stuck. I mean, if you look at a hit 2 64 my first year, like 300 my second and like 3 27 my third year. But it was finally, I was like, okay, now I understand what this man has been telling me over the phone. Mm. Were you, were you always a lefty or did your dad says, I think it's best if you're gonna be a baseball player to be a lefty. No, I was always left. I right, right handed and kick right footed.


That's What I, I know, But, but my household is so confused. I mean, my wife is right, but she plays soccer on the left side. She still plays soccer Old Joe. Yeah, for real. Yeah. Yeah. She plays on the team every Sunday. Right. My daughter is right-handed. Right-handed. But she hits cross handed. So she grabs the bat like a lefty and stands in the right-handers batter's box. Which Hank Aaron started out like that. Yes. My youngest te he's left but hits right.


And Trey is right-handed and hits left. I told you we gotta confused household and you, you should see us on game day too. 'cause none of us have the same favorite team. So boy A so y'all, y'all are very upset at each other because whoever's, whoever's winning, that's normally not, that's not your team. And so, but it's fun because, you know, you got a whole bunch of jerseys on on and somebody's always had somebody to root for. Oh yeah. Especially, well, you know, you've been giving my team a, some, some grief. I'm a old school cowboy fan. You know, my uncle went the house. Oh, On Man. Come on gr Hold on man.


Let me, let me say this. My uncle went to high school with Tony Dorsett. Okay. Okay. So I I go way back. Yes. Yeah. My youngest is a Michael Vick fan. Okay. He was the left, left-handed quarterback. Trey is a Ravens fan. Okay. Because Willis mcg, he, ed Reed, Ray Lewis all went to Miami. So he grew up watching them. My wife is from Seattle, so she's Seattle fan. And my daughter's a Carolina Panther fan. 'cause her favorite person hold on is Steve Smith. Oh Yeah. Okay. Smitty. Yeah. Like, like, like you, he could rob a bank and she's like, he ain't do it. He, he can't do nothing wrong in her eyes.


But it's fun. I mean, but if we play each other, we don't even talk until after the game if our teams play each other. Right, right. We'll talk till after the game and laugh and we get something to eat and, and talk about it. And one person usually does the talking. That's the person who won that day. But, but it is fun. I mean, you know, I let the let everybody be individuals and that's it. Griff, what did, you had a very unique situation. Your dad played long enough. He played well enough to be in the, in the league When you got there, you see LeBron play long enough play well enough to be in the league while his son came up.


What advice would, if you could give it, I don't know if you've talked to him, but what advice would you give Bronny playing alongside his dad, being in the league with his dad? You're gonna learn a lot by being able to sit there and be on the bench watching him. You know, you know, people go, oh, he needs to go to the G league. He needs this, he needs that. I tell you what, I learned more sitting there watching my dad than anything. You look at all these quarterbacks who sat behind somebody and how good they ended up becoming. They didn't play right. They got to sit there and, and learn a system, learn how to be a professional, learn how to, to take notes for how to watch film and do all these things to become a pro and to go out there and be successful.


You know, nowadays these kids, you know, first round picks they throw right in the fire. Yeah. And you know, I feel sometimes these kids can't run, read a cover two or a cover three or read where the, the protection needs to be. And you see that every day. You guys sit there and pick out that stuff. But I, I, I did tell Bronny, you know, just, Hey, relax, enjoy it. Be you, you know you're not gonna beat him. Nobody's him. And the same thing I feel like my dad told me when I got there, he said, this is your team. I'm just here. And he was dad at the ballpark. I mean, excuse me, dad at the, at the house and team, you know, team at the, at the ballpark.


But there, like I said, there are times where I rode home with mom. It was much safer. Griff, having played the game as long as you played, you've seen some great hitters. You were in the league with Tony Gwen, and you've seen, I think you were in the league when Wade Boggs was, was winning fighting titles in the al Tony was winning, won seven, I think seven in the, in the National League. What makes Joha Tony so special? He has no weaknesses. None. You know, he, he, he's a, he's a guy that if you throw it away, he's gonna take it that way. And, and when you have power to all fields, that makes you a dangerous hitter. Yes. You know, and, and, and that's the, the key. He has power everywhere he go to grown man territory, which is straight center, you know.


Wow. He can take you out down the lines, each line. He also can steal a bag when you need it. I mean, he does things that that you look at and go, he's all right. You know, he look as my friend say he gonna be all right. But he, he's one of those guys. I mean, he's a, he's a, a tall, slender kid that can flat out play and he knows the game of baseball. You know, the thing about playing in Japan is that's their pastime. They don't have no offense. They ain't got a a a, a basketball team or a football team. Even though they play those sports, they go out and, and that baseball is it. And you gotta be a monster.


Come over the, from leaving there and coming over here and you look at every player that's come over here, they can flat play. Yeah. Hey, Decky, Matt, Seig, Godzilla, he o NoMo. No. Ichiro. I, yeah. Ichi row. Ichi Row. He's one of the two players to win the MVP in his rookie Caesar. He and Fred Lin. Did you play, you play with e you played with each role, right? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. It was fun to watch. I mean, you know, watching a guy, you know, who can hit the ball a mile and in bating practice and all of a sudden he just for laying to death over. Yep. But if you, but if you throw one in the, in the loop zone, he gonna take you out, you know, and, and he, he's one of those guys that he gets on base and causes habit.


Yeah. You know, we, we say it's baseball, it's not home run ball. You gotta get on base, you know, making left hand turns is what you wanna do. I don't make no right. You know, I tell He back to the dugout, huh? Yeah. I don't wanna make a right hand turn. I tell em everybody I'm NASCAR on, on new, I wanna make left. And that's it. Griff o Joe, I dunno if you know this, but Griff, you went to Cincinnati Moler and Moler was a powerhouse back in the, back in the eighties, early nineties. They were a powerhouse. Did you play foot? You play football, right? Yeah, I got a state championship in football. What position? Wide receiver. Now, I'ma tell you, I wore let's go. I wore, I wore number two.


Okay. We're talking about, Because 88 was too big in, In order, in order wear that single digit. You had to be that boy, man. Nah, I was just small then. I'm just a tag. Bigger than a kicker. Oh. When did, when did you, when did you decide, because obviously going number one overall in baseball you have to make a decision. When did you make the decision? Said, you know what, I'm gonna stick. I'm gonna go baseball and I'm gonna give up. Did you play basketball? Did you play any other sports? Nah. Nah. Mm. I didn't play basketball in high school. I played it in junior high, but basketball, football ran into basketball season. And then baseball ran into football.


I mean basketball season. So I was like, well, I'll just play two after my junior year. All the talks started that I could be the, the first pick or the first one of the, the first three. And you know, my dad said, Hey, if you go in the first three rounds, you can go pro other. I mean, yeah, go pro, but if you're not then you're going to college. But after about a month of them talking to, to my dad, he was like, he ain't gonna last long. He's really that good. But you know, the funny thing is they never told me, they let me be a kid, go out there, play baseball, not worry about anything. I didn't find out all these conversations until I literally was sitting there at like 23 years old sitting on the couch.


And Bobby Toman was like, yeah, remember that conversation that I said we were gonna draft you? I was like, yeah, I didn't think y'all were. And they said, we're Seattle. I said, we're Seattle dad. Because the only thing I knew about Seattle was that Bobby Brown, the baseball player got traded from the Yankees to Seattle. And I was like, I had no idea where that was. 'cause he was like, Hey, you just a kid. Go play. Have some fun. This is my job, not yours. And I think people look at it and go, you know, because my dad played that I'm supposed to be in the locker room, I'm supposed to do all these things. My dad was like, no, this is my job. And you be a kid, go out there and have some fun. So I didn't worry about, you know, anything else, but besides being a kid at, you know, 15, 16, 17.


Are you surprised how poorly your cowboys are playing? You just gonna bring that up? I figured, I figured I sneak that in before we got outta here Grip. We gotta speak that in. Nah, you just have to do that. I mean, Chad, man, why he do that? You know, we was having a good conversation. It was, It was a great conversation. It was a great Conversation. Y'all three and five grip. I don't know if you noticed that y'all three and five. Yeah, I know that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, you know, you know, Dak is out. Dak is out too now you know that. Yeah. Yeah, I know that too. Okay. You know, but yeah, look, when my team wins, nobody call me. But when my team lose my phone light up like a Christmas tree.


Well, y'all don't win. Y'all don't win often, Griffin. Hey look, come on man. I mean, I'll Call you to say hello. Hey, here it is. You know, injuries is part of the game. Yeah. Yes. You know, and, and, and you know, we've had some pretty big injuries to some key players that you sometimes can't replace. And I don't care who they are, right. That you got back there. You know, sometimes you look at it and, and just shake your head as, you know, a snake biting team. You know, I just want, you know, for the guys and you know, for as a fan, I want the guys to walk off the field healthy, you know, each and every day. I don't like to see any carts coming out. You know, I could really, I could care less who wins or loses.


I like to see a a, a good game. And lately there hadn't been any good games. Not, not with your Cowboys. See, you just gonna keep doing that. Oh, About, okay. How about this? Were you surprised how easily the, the Dodgers made this World Series look? Because I, I think most people thought it would go seven games. And you look at it, I mean, it's not often grip that you get a World Series and you got the two best players. You got the best player in the America League and, and judge you got the best player in the National League and Tani. But you know, you go Mookie Bets, who's a former MVP, you go Freddy Freeman, who's a former MVP for the Dodgers. And then you go Soto. I mean, so you got good players from top to bottom. Are you surprised how easy the Dodgers made it look?


I think what's what happened is, you know, when they played the Padres, when the Dodgers played the Padres, that was like their World series. Okay. You know, 'cause that team played 'em pretty tough. The Yankees had a little easier route to the, to the, the World Series. Yeah. But you still gotta beat these teams. Correct. You know, I felt that the Dodgers and Yankees pitching staff were pretty equal. I told everybody that it was gonna come down to like the seventh, eighth, and ninth hitters. Right. Being able to get to the top of the order. And that's what happened. I mean, you watched it, the teams that, that the team that won their 7, 8, 9 guys did a better job than the other team. Mm. Because in the baseball, I could still neutralize their best player.


I don't have to pitch TI don't have to pitch to judge. I could pitch around them, but it takes everybody to do a job to Make 'em pay for it though. You gotta Mme have your 7, 8, 9 here to make them pay for pitching around on your guys that's behind those guys to make them pay. Have you ever seen anything like Freddie Freeman? No. Freddy. Unbelievable guy. I mean, you know, to go through the, the, the things he went through, you know, personal manner with the family, his son, and then come back, twist his ankle and not being able to put hardly any weight on it and then go out there and do what he did in the, in the World Series. All I did was this take my hat and tip it tool. 'cause that was, that was, that was fun to watch. I told him, I said, look, I'm gonna walk you, you not hitting a home run the first inning no more.


You getting walked. I don't care if the base is loaded, I'm gonna walk you. I'm not giving up for, because it was just, you know, when you guys that come up, we talked about earlier, guys that come up in big moments do big things and he did it Right. I mean, what 12 rbis? Yes. And what four homers? Are you surprised Cortez? I I mean I get, there's no place to put him, but I mean, you gonna try to, I mean, don't throw 'em a fast ball in. No, no, you can't. Look as my hitting coach said, and Gene Klein who passed away a couple years ago would say, you can't sneak no cheese past a rat. So don't, don't throw the fast ball if you, you know, unless you got some of that, that behind it.


And, and he just left it over the middle of the plate and, you know, game over. Yeah. We gonna get you outta here on this one. Griff, there have been a lot of athletes that have signature shoes. Where would you rank your shoe? The Griffy One. One? I had, I had every, I had every color. Had every color. Now you know what's funny is, is, is, you know, I, I got, you know, I got MJ shoes, LeBron's shoes, Kobe shoes, Iversson shoes. I, I keep a a a stock full of shoes. You do? And, and you know, I just, you know, to be able to have my own is, is a blessing and, and what I was able to achieve, I mean, and you, you really owe it all to, to Michael and, and what he's done and allowing, getting businesses to endorse athletes.


Right. You know, to come out and say, Hey, you know, I think he'd be a good spokesman for us. And and you owe all that to him because him and Bo I mean those are the two main guys. Cross trainer. Yeah. Those are the two guys that, that, you know, without them who knows what we'd look like. Right now we still be like, I will say this, my first Nike deal, and I get teased about it was $1,500 in the big leagues. It was 750 in cash and 750 emerge. Well dab you couldn't give, but like 10 pair of shoes. Look, I got two pairs of Jordans, a sweatsuit and, and, and some socks.


And then, and then, you know, the, it got a little bit better and a little bit better and, and things like that. But like I said, man, I owe it all to the guys that, that played before me and what they did. I mean, like you guys, I watched, you watched Chad, I was there when Chad had his 2000 gold jacket on and then, and then try to, and then try to hit Ray and, and both of 'em out the game. I was sitting there like at halftime going, where's everybody at Chad in the locker room where Ray at? He in the locker room. I was like, I'm on the sideline cheering. I'm like, I wanna see my man score. Yeah. Rick, the last question for me.


We all watch witness Barry that stretch that he had say from oh one until about oh 4, 0 4 0 5. Have you ever seen, have you ever heard or do you ever think we'll see a stretch of baseball like that again? Well, Tony did it this year, but he is got three more to do it. I mean, you know what Barry did was impressive. I mean, you know what he got 600 and something intentional walks and the closest one is full host. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know, thats 400, almost 400 intentional walk behind him.


Yeah. That says a lot about how feared of a hitter he was. Yeah. And I, I think he had like, from that time, from that stretch, he reached base 36% of the time. Well, when you get walked 600 times, it makes it easy. And that's just intentional walk. We're talking about the regular walk. Barry always had a good eye. Yes. You know, people, I mean he, he was a lead off hitter. Barry came up with the Pirates as a lead off hitter. So you have to tighten your zone up. And he just kept continuing that throughout his career. I mean, he very seldom swung at bad pitches. Yeah. And then he had that big old hockey, he had that big old hockey goalie elbow pad on and he, he's sitting that over the plate.


You got, Hey, you gotta throw him, what you looking for? Or he go, Hey, he go take it off my mom. My mom would, my mom did this to him. He came to the house. 'cause you know, back then you wasn't making a whole lot of money. And so it was customary that, you know, when you go into certain towns that you know, they feed you. Right. So my, so my mom fed him. That boy hit five home runs in three days. As he's leaving, as he's leaving, my mom said never again. I'm gonna get you on getaway day. You can put your food on the bus and you can go do this to the next team. You ain't doing it to my team no more. And she would look at him and he just started laughing. Every time she'd see her, she would like get away day because he put a order in, he put a order in Turkey, greens, you know, potato salad.


I mean this ain't like, you know, we going ahead and make hamburgers and something. No. Right. We put a Thanksgiving order in and every time he came into town and she was like, Nope, not no more. Man. Griff man, we appreciate it man. We appreciate you giving us time, you staying up, watching the game. It was great. Knocking up, talking with you as always. I'll chat with you later this week. I got some. Okay. Got some more questions I wanna ask. Yes Sir. Okay, Chad. Yeah. You know, what you doing on Sunday? You know I need a, a soccer player. You know this is a Coad team. Where? So you need me to fly you right down the street? H you we in Orlando. Oh, I let Know, I come down, I'll come down.


Look, look, I take pictures. I don't play goalie. Yeah. Lemme know. I come on now. That's only two hours away. Alright. Alright. I appreciate it. Alright, bet. Hey Griff, we appreciate that man. I holler man. Thanks for joining us all later. Alright bro. Later


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. And if you're an at and t customer, T-Mobile will pay off your locked up phone up to 650 bucks when you switch $650 via virtual prepaid card. Card typically takes 15 days. New finance device, qualifying credit and port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs. The holidays get really busy for me, but I still wanna pull up to events. Look in my freshest abercrombie's latest drop of party looks is taking me through the season for date nights hanging out with the fellas and even New Year's Eve. They have outfits for every occasion. I'm big on sweater, polos and trousers with a wool blend coat over top. For those really fancy holiday events, Abercrombie has suiting options too. Shop Abercrombie for every night out.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's o doo.com.


This fall watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus Live TV. Today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Hey guys, it's Lance Bass from Frosted Tips, AJ McLean and I recently hit the Vegas Speedway to test drive the Hyundai Ionic five in before the iHeartRadio Music Festival. We have an awesome episode, recapping our experience out. Now take a listen and thanks to Hyundai from making this possible. We got to do a timed race between the, the two of us. He Might have by several. I won, although I did hit more cones. It's okay. Wait, that doesn't disqualify you. I think it Disqualifies. No, I mean, look, you know what it, it's like, it's like splitting hairs. Here. Let, let, let, let's just not be, I think I deserve another 10th a second. Hit a cone though. Oh my practice run. Yes. Still. So then we got to go follow a lead car on the main track. We got the car up to 115 miles per hour, which is the fastest I've ever gotten in my life. Weak. Yeah. Weak sauce. I do that in my sleep, but I did hit, there's a very special button in the car. It's a little special red button that the second you press that button, you are literally like accelerating. Full torque, full speed, full horsepower for 10 seconds. 6 41 Horsepower. Yes. Like instantly in like 10 seconds. This episode is presented by Hyundai.


Oh Joe, before we get to other news of the day, chiefs have seemingly filed their number one receiver in D hops acquiring D Hop from the Titans. Only cost Kansas City a conditional fifth round pick. Yeah. Ocho, where would this rank as far as in-season trade, if the Kansas City Chiefs go on and do what they and do what they, what we think they can do? Where would you rank this in season trade? I, I ranked this incident trade probably damn near, damn, near dunk. It gotta be one of the best. It gotta be the one of the best. 'cause you trading for a player. If you put him in the right situation, he can give you what we're used to seeing when he was considered the top three, top five player in the league.


You put him in the right situation. That's what's so important. When we're used to seeing Dhop when he was with Arizona, when we saw Dhop, when he was with the goddamn Texans, he was considered one of the best in the game. Sure. All of a sudden he's out of that situation where the opportunities come a little bit more often than normal. So you're able to see the talent, you're able to see the skill, you're able to see how good he is, how he doesn't drop shit. He don't drop nothing, huh? Yep. Boy got hand boy got Allstate for hands now you put him in a situation in Kansas City, you allow him to get acclimated into the offense. He already has a for 86.


That might to me, I don't even know a stat line when he was with Tennessee. I guarantee you that's his best game. Yeah. It's probably his best game and he only been there for goddamn three business days. It ranks up there and I think the Chiefs are probably gonna, they, if, if and when they do go maybe back to a chip again, D Hopp is gonna play a big part of that. He gonna play a damn big part in that. Yeah, he's, look, I wanted D Hopp to go before he signed with Tennessee because I thought that would be a great move for him. Mocho. Yeah. You gotta get That money. Give Get That money. Gotta get that money. Gotta Go get, gotta go get the money. And he did that, but I think now, but he saw losing sucks.


Yeah. You getting that money and you get your eyes beat, like it gets hard and harder to go take your ass to work on Monday Ocho. Yeah, because you already know what like man, my quarterback situation, Hey Unc, I still don't understand Unc. I don't mean to bring it up. I don't mean to switch topics like this. Yeah. When I look at will Levis, Unc Yeah. I mean the, the stature, you know, the, the, the, the skills, the arm strength, the just the, the being able to be a dual threat. I, for the life of me, I really can't understand why somebody that looks like that with a skillset like that. It, it kind of reminds me of a, a Josh Allen in a sense. Why you can't just put it all together.


I I I really don't understand a lot of, maybe it's the coaching staff, I don't know, maybe, maybe the system that he's in. It just, I I Oh, you got it all. You got all the fucking tools. What the hell is going on? A lot of times Ocho it's a situation where you're taking guys that are projects that are reclamation. Now, if we can refine this, you know, and you find, you find something in the attic Ocho, you're like, man, if we can restore this boy, we got something special on our hands. Right. Right. But it's gonna, it's gonna take some time. The question is do you have time to fix it up? Right. Well most of these teams don't have time Ocho because you're on the clock because of, if you got a quarterback, that's a project. Right. You need To.


find out whether or not he can play because you're gonna have to write him a check for 300 million. Mm. So I need to know Ocho, I I, I I ain't really trying to, you know, you saw Daniel Jones got one 60 Right. And you see how that played, how that's playing out for them. Right. Well now these quarterbacks, that one 60 now, now aint aqua we're the last quarterback signed. Especially if you do a four or five year deal that's gonna be north of 200. You see Bur them got two 50 and, and, and so now by the time a quarterback comes in no show, that's gonna be 300 million. Yeah. In 20. In 2028 it's gonna be two. It ain't gonna be that long. 2026. 2027. Right. Some quarterback getting over $300 million guaranteed money.


Three. So I got to fi, I got To. find out Ocho if he can play right. Well you remember before OCHO you get a quarterback. Hey you let it sit for a couple years. Yeah. I can't do it now Ocho it, I got too much money at stake. I can, I can tell you, I can tell you who that's gonna be too. Now Who it's gonna Betj Ra, Jayden probably. Right? Hey Jayden. Jayden, Daniel. Oh, Jayden, Daniel for sure. Jayden Daniels for sure. But that'll be 25, 26. So head in 27. Yeah. He'll be the first. I believe he'll be the first 300 million quarterback. I absolutely believe he'd the be I, I wanna thank Drift again for coming on. He, he, man he loves sports. You know, sometimes he just calling, he's a talker now. Oh Yeah. He, he, he's, no, he's a talker.


Yes sir. Oh, you call him now. He gonna be on the phone for an hour. A solid hour. Yeah. But he, he's a great conversation. He loves sports. I love just, you know, talking about, he's a big time golfer. He and my brother, they play a lot of golf together. 'cause my brother kind of like be on that celebrity tour going to different, different baseball. A lot of baseball players have golf tournaments and he always sees Griffy down there and talks to Griff. But I met Griff when he was with the Mariners back in 99. They was playing the Rockies and like I said, I went and knocked on the door, tend to open the security, open the door. I'm like, man, I'm here to see Griff. He like, he know you coming. I said, nah, but just tell him Sharp here. So he come back door open, pointed me where Grip was, sat down, was talking to him, gave me a jersey, gave me a bat.


You know, I'm saying we just, I'm just sitting in there talking every, because they invited the team because we we're won the Super Bowl. So they invited the team. Everybody like, man, where you go? I said, man, I was in the locker room talk, talking to gr. They like, man, why'd you get us? I was like, nah, they wouldn't have let all us in there. I know they'd let me in. So, but it was, it was great. So Griff, I really appreciate you coming on man, sharing a little bit of your time with us. So thank you bro. Thank you. I really, really appreciate that. Ocho, the Ne Chiefs next nine regular season game. They got the Broncos, the Texans, the Steelers, the Browns, the Bills, Carolina, the Chargers and the Broncos. I think two of those, two of those are gonna be difficult games.


I think the most difficult game for them is probably gonna be the Steelers. 'cause their defense is very, very, very, very goddamn good. Yep. And it, it was, it was one you Call somebody they got the Texans. No. Yeah, They also have Buffalo. Okay. That, that was the other one. That, that Steeler game and that Buffalo game are the games where I say they may trip up everyone else, there's a chance they can run the gauntlet. Where do they play Buffalo at Ash in Buffalo. Wait, shit. You know, wherever they play they could, they could be playing our AutoZone, it don't matter. They play Buffalo in Buffalo where they play Pittsburgh, they play Pittsburgh and Pittsburgh. Buffalo and Buffalo. They host the Texans.


Host the Broncos go on the road to the Broncos. Yeah. I think they beat the Raiders and the Raiders. I think they've beaten the Chargers in Kansas City. Yeah. Where do they play Cleveland? In Cleveland, Carolina Don't matter. They can play on the moon. Yeah. Hey, you know what the, the Chiefs won those team, it don't matter whether they playing home or away. Yeah. You gonna get what you're looking for Every time. Yeah. You definitely gonna get Ocho, the Cowboys got some, some bad news. Dak Prescott is expected to miss multiple weeks with a hamstring injury. Dang. With Dak. With Dak out. The Cowboys would turn to Cooper Rush MacArthur said Cooper Rush is as respected of a backup that I've seen since Rich Ner Rush carries the type of credibility.


There are plenty of confidence in him. Is it a mistake not to see what they have with Trey Lance? Well, Cooper Rush was always the number two. Yep. So I, I understand them sticking with Cooper Rush. I don't think you can have a quarterback battle in the middle of the season like this to decide who's your number two quarterback is. They decided to go with, obviously with Cooper Rush being in number two, I'm, I'm sure at some point there was a quarterback battle and they felt Cooper Rush was better suited to be the backup to Dak Prescott. I'm sure they saw a, a good sample size of Trey Lance during this time since he's been there and they, they went with who they felt was better. I like Trey Lance as well.


I would love to see him back at the helm being in control of an offense again. I think he wasn't given a fair shot. He was. You think so? Yeah. Ocho you do realize that Brock Purdy was Mr. Brock. Purdy was Mr. Irrelevant. Right. They think about what they mortgaged to get this man. Right. Right. That ain't no situation. That ain't no situation where no, think about what they gave up. They gave up three first round picks. Right. Okay. All right. You're right, you're right. Hey, but you don't, okay. You don't think they cut the string? They they they cut it a little too soon? No.


Okay. Okay. I'm just Asking what do you, wait, what? Lemme ask you a question. What you holding on? He couldn't be, he couldn't be that Brock Purdy. Even after Purdy did what he did. Okay. Even after a situation where he gets hurt and Purdy comes in. Right. They put the job up again the following year and he couldn't be pretty out. Hey, you think there was a nevermind. I ain't gonna get into that. I ain't gonna get into that. That'll be like saying do you think they, do you think they cut the cord too quick on Drew Bledso? No. No. And they had a hundred, he was the first quarterback to get a hundred million. I don't know. I just, at, at times I look at it sometimes I, I'm, I'm not the, the, the decision making when it comes to certain players and, and coaches feeling, you know, I'd rather go to this one.


This player doesn't fit my system and what, what I like to do and what we like to do, I wanna go in favor of. So I hate when I hear things like he couldn't be a certain player out. I, I couldn't, I hate hearing things like that. Do you know Kyle Shanahan, had he not drafted, Brock Purdy would've lost his job. Kyle Shana would've got fired if he drafts Trey Lands with the third pick in the draft. Yeah. And he can't play and he got no backup plan. You know, he's losing that job. He and John Lynch would lose their jobs. Mm. Think about what you gave up. What did they give up to get Pull up what they gave up to get Trey land to move up like six spots. Yeah.


They gave up like three first round picks and second round pick. So he, he he'll probably he he he'll probably never be a starter again. Huh? They gave up three first round picks, which was number three overall. How many second round picks and a third round pick. Yeah, you give that up. That guy doesn't pan out the cleaning house. Oh yeah, Bro. Priority saved the job. Yeah, He saved, he saved Kyle, Shannon, Andy, John Lynch's job. It's really that simple.


Hey. And that's, it's crazy when I think about it because it's the perfect situation for any quarterback. Yeah. You hear me? It's the perfect situation for any quarterback. When you look around, when you, when you think about what you got around you, Trent, are you deebo? Okay. Like it's like for The Thank You. You gotta understand why stuff doesn't work out for certain individuals. Trey Ocho athletic, he can throw the ball and then you put those type of weapons around you. It should just, it should flow like fucking water. Then Brock Purdy comes in and hell, what the fuck going on? Because he knows where to go to football.


Trey Land started one season at ffc at a FFC level. I ne I never understand it. Unc The guy couldn't play dead in, in a horror movie. Ocho I mean, it's simple. I mean, you hate to say it, but he couldn't. Hey, come on. You mean he couldn't play dead? He couldn't play dead in a what? In a horror movie. He could. No. Joe Rock Purdy beat him out for the job. Ain't no look, the One thing I know about the One thing. I know about Kyle Shanahan because I played for his dad. They gonna put the best level on the field. Oh yeah. They don't give a damn how much money you making. Oh Yeah. I've seen Mike cut players.


That's making a, a vote load of money. If You play good, you gonna play. Yeah. I don't you don't play for the Shanahan's based on your paycheck. You play play for the Shanahan based on your performance. Mm. Yeah. I'm just My computer. Keep crashing. Oh, Joe Ojo. Yo. Does the DAK injury come at a good time for Jerry? Should they be sellers or should they be buyers? Hold on now. Wait a minute. Wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Let's be, I need better context. Okay? Now when you talk about should they be sellers, should they be buyers?


Who the hell are we selling them? What are we trying to buy? That's the better Question. Are you selling, are you selling some of your players or are you buying said, okay, we still got a chance. We got Cooper Rush. Maybe we can get back in this thing. Let's add a player or two. At what position can we add value on our roster defensively or offensively that changes the trajectory of the season? I don't, I don't think there's a position because the only place you can do that would be at the quarterback position. Right. There's nobody that you can go get that's going to come in and make a difference where you can turn this season around.


So if anything, I, I would assume if I was in, in, in Jerry's shoes, I would be, I would be selling or, or probably going all in words, which he was supposed to do, but he didn't in the off season. You hold on. How the hell you gonna go all in right now? Ocho U three and five. Oh no, I'm just saying for, for, for a lack of better words. I'm just using, I'm just using the term since Well, do you mean to go all out? That mean you sell, you having a whole, you having a, a garage? Well, we used to call 'em rummy sales. Yeah. Yard sales. Now they call 'em a state. But back in when I was growing up, there weren't no estates. People was just selling ish that they didn't want in their house and cluttered up their house. Right. So we call them yard sale, a rummage sale because a lot of times people would just come rummage through it even though we're buying ish.


You got, you gotta do something. You got, you gotta do something. What, what, what would you do? You buying the selling. Selling Everything. Yeah. I'm getting ready for next year. What, what y'all got? What, what y'all got? What y'all, what y'all looking for? Right. Obviously Micah is off limits. Right. Nobody's going to give you anything for CDs off limits. I, you know what, what, what players do they have that somebody could potentially want? They don't have guys that are, that have a whole lot of sacks. Nobody has a whole lot of interceptions. Nobody's just gonna be a free a who's gonna be a free agent? You next year that you're like, I don't think we gonna be able to sign them. Hmm.


Who has one year left on the contract? Hey Jerry. Jerry gonna have to listen. I, I, I'm getting ready to say he gotta put his, put his money where his mouth is. But he just did that in off season with Dak and cd. What you have to do it again? What? He gonna have to do it again with Micah? Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey. But he has to improve. He has to improve that team. You got to go out there and get you a reliable, reliable. Well, he said he's the best guy for the job. That's what he said. Now if it's a lie, he told it. Huh? Listen. But a lie, don't care who tell it. He know what he doing. He, he know what he doing because he been doing it for a long time. But there's certain, there's certain things where you gotta pull the trigger.


He not pulling the trigger where he needs to. He not pulling, Go ahead. No, I'm just saying he not pulling the trigger where he needs to. I'm, I'm not a gm, I'm not a scout. I'm not, I'm on the outside looking in. But I did play the game and understand what it takes to compete, to compete and be competitive with some of the better teams that are continuing to improve year in, year out, year in and year out. Krista McCaffrey returns to practice for the 49 ERs. Not only did C Mack return to the practice field for the first time since week one, receiver Juwan Jennings kicker Jake Moody and offensive lineman, John Feliciano, were all back in action according to reports on the site.


Ocho, what's, what do you expect from the 49 ERs moving forward? Hey, once CMC hits that field, the offense gets that much better. Once CMC hits that field, the offense gets that much better. Arguably, CMMC was the best running back in the league. I know what Derrick Henry is doing right now. But before CMC got, I mean be, before CMC got hurt, he was considered the best running back in the league. Right. For all the things that he can do at the receiver position, lining up in the slot, all the think he can do, coming out the backfield, catching the ball out, the backfield, running the ball.


It allows, it allows them to do so much more. I think the offensive playbook with Shanahan when CMC is back there, even though Jordan, even though Jordan Mason played pretty well, you know, while, while CMC was out, I think they can do that much more offensively when they have CMC in there. Yeah. I I think I I think healthy they still, they're they're they're still a threat in the NFC. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. They're still, they're they're still very formidable, formidable, whatever term you want to use. Formidable, formidable cmac, his ability to run the football between the tackles to hit outside can catch it outta the back field.


They get Deebo back, they get Jujuan Jennings back. They, they, they have an opportunity to do something really good. Yeah. Saints fired Dennis Allen after seven straight loss Ocho Dennis Allen is the first coach in NFL history to fire by two different teams both times the same quarterback starting quarterback Derek Carr got got, he got fired in, in Oakland. I mean the Raiders. Yeah. His quarterback was Derek Carr. He got fired in New Orleans. Yeah. So I, there's a great chance that Derek Carr is not on the Christmas list. Yeah. Listen, like I say it all the time, players get coaches fired.


Players get coaches fired. The team has lost confidence and whatever belief they had in Derrick Carr based on its performance, again, look the way you did the first two weeks of the season and the fall flat in your face week in and week out. If you look at the players' mannerisms around Derek Carr, you look at some of the tweets from the players that are not currently playing right now and some of the Yeah. From the players that aren't even playing anymore about Derek Carr. That's not, that's it's, I've never seen a quarterback in that position. No. In that position where your teammates aren't supporting you past or present in season.


We ain't even in the off season. We in the middle of the season and it's bad. It's, that's, That's not, it's, I just didn't think Danny, I I didn't think Dennis Allen was going to look. He was the D coordinator and in Denver played with a, had some outstanding defense. I just don't, I don't understand it. I mean, they get off, they score 45 or averaging 40 points the first two weeks and then they just fall completely apart. That's weird. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament in the world is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. Next up we got Match day four, which feeds us all Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th, and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the UEFA Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports


S


Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play. If You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Oh man. Nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chew right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side. Use as directed


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV. Today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 9 per month for three months. Then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Hello, it is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So Sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com and grab your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.