
This is an iHeart podcast. Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree change of formula for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree.


Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes answer per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other source now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool Rush for yourself. Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's Handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks. Smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real attention to detail. I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime.


Lot of ice. Refreshing. Easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, the perfect time to kick back with some Tito's. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly. Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back.


Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 report. The volume. Somebody I read, I read a little bit about it and Adrian Peterson say, You know we've been friends. It's kinda like brothers, You know, hey, nah, it happen. It is what it is. Then we moved on. We cool now. Oh no we not. Cool. You know your brother ain't fighting like that in, in nah, nah, nah, nah. And and guess what? We can't be cool like that if you swing swinging on me like that.


You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. I gotta, I gotta get by back. Yo. Some, some, some. Somebody was up and there cheating. Yeah. Somebody had to be bad, had to be sitting on some cards or something. They playing poker. Right? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It had be for somebody to be, for you to go at your mask like that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't call that. No, somebody, somebody done lost a couple hands. Somebody done lost their ass, Joe. There we go. There we go. There you go. You already, but you get you fired up. Hey you catch a bad beat, joker best rider to get hit that turn on the hit that thing on the river. Woo. Man. Saw the whole fight. Yeah, look, I'm telling you man, I used to, every, every year I used to bring my family here to Atlanta and bound 15, 20 of us in here and we, and we played poker, we played spades, domino.


And I, I be dang on. I'm talking about my momma. My momma got four brothers. She the only girl. She was the only girl. Man. It was a fight every year. I ain't gonna even lie to you. My uncles a fight. Yeah, they fight. Yeah, they was gonna fight. Oh. Some cheating, boy. I'm talking about we be sitting there, we playing poker spade. It's so, it's gonna be something, but it's gonna be some, some, some real tough talking and that's gonna lead to a little tussle. Yeah. So my grandma had to come down here and get on them. Hey, hey. What? Yeah, yeah. Hey, hey, beat me, don't cheat me. Hey, that cheat. Hey man, look here babe. That's what I tell people all the time people think it's a joke. I say, man, money outta sight cause a fight, man.


I'm telling you. It, it, it don't gotta be no, and and they and you're like, man, bro, y'all fighting over $2. It ain't the, it ain't, it's the principle of the matter. You gotta understand bro. Yeah. For them $2, $5, that's hard earned money and yeah, somebody will knock your block off for $2. Man, listen, I, I had to stop a fight over here in my house over $20. Man. Man, about to pull a gun out, yo. I can't make it up over $20. He thought it meant and cheated him over $20. Man, he ready, he ready to pull that thing on him. Man. Can't come to the house. You got that, you got that strap on. You got ta. Hey leave that in the truck like the first because, because sometimes Joe you get so mad you'll react so quick and you beat up pop somebody you like can't take it back.


Can't take it back. Nah bro. It's a wrap. Yeah. But in college man, cheat on man. They used to cheat cheating you, renege you bro. It's car. Sit down. Who cares? Ain't no money at stake. You just, man look, it's something, it's something about us man. And don't get to drinking, You know, anytime alcohol and Bob Joe gonna be a lot of tough talking. That's gonna lead to some tough Yeah, that's what they what what? Yeah. Yeah, you're right. The alcohol bring all that tough talking out. So look. Yeah. And then next thing You know it's a big fight, so.


Yeah. Yeah. You right, you you put that alcohol mixed in with that gambling mad. That's why I hate band. I hate it when the weekend come when I was in college. Hey, hey, hey look it, it was one thing if you had to go to, You know somebody got a, You know, have a keg party. It is one thing to go get 'em and they fighting somebody else. But You know when it's your teammates and You know how much testosterone guys got and guys don't want to let itch go because You know whoever lose Oh, oh. When you come to stretch it and, and I will get, and I'm in the line and you come out there with your eye closed.


Oh, I boy, I'm, oh, I going here. Oh. Going into the cafeteria. Oh man. Hey, that bus ride. Oh boy, we not letting that go. Hey, but it's, and look, I done hung out with football players when I was in college, so I know boy. Hey look, you don't take much for y'all to, to get y'all ready much at all. Look, you, you go to one of them cute do parties and one of 'em capital party. Man listen, you already know what's talking up. I said bro, bro, why y'all go and that's what, You know, you guy, they didn't wanna invite the football players because if it's they got a keg, the football players gonna take it. What you going do what I mean what you gonna do that they come back, we ain't, hey we ain't got no money.


So the next thing I know they got a keg they from, oh man, we took it out. Such as I said, oh lord man we had a dude man we had a dude, I ain't gonna call his name. I, I feel so bad for him. They stole a keg but they didn't have the spout to, to pump it up. Yeah. To to, to stick that, You know, to stick it down in there and so it to come out. He looked around, he went to his car, he got a tire. He said man I'm gonna bust it open and we take the cans up out of it. They say fool if you hit that with that tire, that thing going to explode and kill all of us. He actually fought cans were inside of it.


And I said bro, I mean, but Joe, I hated like, 'cause when them, Joe was like, You know we caught ourselves, we caught ourselves tfi. So if anybody came back, hey tfe t about to squabble don't even matter. Put your stuff on. Hit the duct. Don't, don't Well we, hey, because we could shut down anything, any party and who else didn't matter? But I was like, bro, come on. Why bro? Because see I'm the, see everybody knew who I was. I said y'all get to go around through the city. I'm all outta the city.


I'm all over them. MK You know what I'm saying? I'm all on the stop, stop rolling. I, they know me. I got a ZI got a white Mercedes. I said bro, y'all put me in this bro. Y'all well y'all don't go nowhere. I'm, I'm out and about y'all. They catch me. Slippery be hell out a beef for some bull job. Y'all did. Come on fellas. Hey, hey listen, lemme tell you something. The football guys always, always was fighting. They were. That's what they couldn't drink see anything even because they was drinking that cheap liquor, they was drinking that ever clear. Ooh. They get on that, they get on that hunch punch. Man, listen. Yeah, they go to the store so they come back, they got two bunches of bananas.


They got grapes, they got strawberries, they got oranges. So I'm like what the who buy? I'm like what the hell y'all buying that now they got this big old tub. They mix all them liquor ago. Yeah. Oh. Talking about boy, you talking about something good man. That be that ever clear ever club hundred 8,090 proof. Yo. You go by that room. Them, you gonna stare out the window. You can straw come dude can't wait for somebody to say something to 'em so they can pop off. I already know if I see them leave, leave the dorm at 10 30, 11 with their shirt off. It's a Oh yeah.


I put my stuff, I put my clothes back on 'cause I know I got to go get somebody who leaves the dorm 10 30, 11 o'clock with they shirt off. They already sweating. You already know it. You know what it is. They looking for that action they do bro. I say come on man, damn can you can one weekend y'all just go to the party and just have a good time. Just be normal. Nah, that ain't happening. Not, not when you mix that alcohol in there, you put that alcohol in there. It, it is that, that, that's called that liquid courage. You already know we the first, the first person to say something to me is all tee off. Yeah. I said Lord have mercy. I it just trying to talk to somebody girl bro, You know she got a man, you first of all the campus only so big.


You see him walking, he holding her hand, got her books. You see him eating together in the cafeteria and all of a sudden they at a party because you don't see him. You feel that's man look, look, look, look, that's, that's mainly how it pop off. That's yeah. Something dealing with a female. Because look in Fayetteville, we had this little spot on the campus called Little Africa. That's where all the black put all the black people hung out. They yeah. I kind what the name Little Africa. I'm kind of feeling it going bunch of us there. You, you a miss class, you a miss class hanging on Little Africa used to be jumping. He used to be jumping but man, listen, you'll see girls who you ain't, who you, who you really don't never see.


You know what I mean? And yeah, they got a boyfriend. Maybe they ain't told you but you steady on her road, steady trying to talk to her and word get back now. Next thing You know, once you see him at a party, you already know this is about. Yeah. And then, and bro, if, if you see the girl standing and she talking with somebody, how you gonna go, okay this the female, this the guy and they talking. How you gonna go squeeze in there and you talking to her? You got your back to here. What do you Hey, hey, that's the alcohol. The alcohol man. Sharp man. Age. Dude, dude swung on me bro. So what did you expect him to do? You walk in, you see them talking, You know that's his girl and you gonna go turn your back on him and talk.


Hey, hey look, look, You know, You know y'all be rude man. Them football players be rude. Hey dude, Jo Joe. I mean I, I look, I went to one party in four years. I was in my room. I just already know when they sharp, sharp such and such. Because look, a lot of 'em was cute dogs anyway. Oh. But here's the thing though, Joe, I who you look, if you in a fraternity and T five the football team, you better choose wisely. I'm telling you. You Oh you oh be with your friend. I ain't got no problem with that. My, that's my brothers. Yeah, you the accused, you the capper. You with the the alphas?


Yeah, you with the Sigmas. I don't care. But you best believe it now you there. And once we throw you there, we going tear your ass up too. Hey don't they play down. Hey, it's too many of y'all. It's too many of y'all. And look, hey, it could be, it could be 15 of them. We ain't even about five or six man. We ain't even about five or six Joe. Yeah, I I've always the voice of reason I'm always Come on guy bro. Look man, hey You know them bro. My bad. He, he ain't know it was dark. He ain't know that was your girl. My bad. I'm lying my ass off. He and he been talking about, man that old girl been hollering love, have mercy.


You know what I'm saying? I, You know what I'm saying? Hey, that old girl been, I said bro, You know she got a girl. I'm mean a boy man. I ain't got nothing to do with me. Right, right. But it dude, why you still trying to talk man, man trying to hear that he feel like this is chance. And then boy, like you say Joe, them Joe will start that thing. It don't let us get work study. Oh we get that work study check on Friday. Cutting up pack a damn fool. Hell ain't, look I, I hung out with some of 'em man. I don't, I knew right away. I said Oh yeah, yeah. I can't hang out with y'all too. No, boy, look, no, I'm way too chill for that. When you, when you, when you, when you you got people that's looking for stuff, stuff they going looking, they ain't looking to have a good time.


They looking to f some up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's how it go. Hey boy, college was something else. This was some of the best years of my life. But boy, listen, you learned a lot of lessons in college. You learned a lot of lessons in college. Yeah. So I was like, nah, I'm good bro. I'm I'm good with y'all. I can't, I can't hang on with y'all. I come get y'all and get y'all ass back to the door. But far as just hanging out with y'all and doing stuff. 'cause I already know y'all gonna be on some bull jive and then ain't nobody, everybody know who I am. That's Sterling sharp little brother man that Shannon Sharp. Shannon Sharp wasn't in no fight. Shannon Sharp came to get the in from fighting.


But your name going be in the mix. B There go why you mention my name First shout Wasn't he been to fight Sha showed up late to get a man Joe. We had used to have a thing the freshman, so it was the freshman against the upperclassmen. So like, we would, we would jump on like we catch a senior, like we catch a senior or a junior by themselves. Man, we beating them Jos down. So, so You know, the thing is because we used to call, we call it roofing. Yeah. We were bring the highs down on you. So we call it called about, we called about six of them, about six of them seniors.


It was about 15 freshmen. Man, we beat 'em down. You know, we dumped them, You know, did a oh oh hey, hey. Oh, we gave a tour. Now You know, we, You know, we ain't hit up in the face but we to the body, we dump slammed their ass. Man. We had one guy named Leo. Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing.


Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC. Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway, it's oral care month, which means you can earn four times points on all your favorite oral care brands now through July 15th. Shop in store or online for items like Colgate toothpaste, Listerine mouthwash, crest mouthwash or toothpaste, Sensodine toothpaste. Hello Toothpaste or GUM Flossers and earn four times points. Points can be redeemed for future discounts on gas or groceries. Offer Friends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details. This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Can't Afford Ozempic Try WEGOVY from Future Health.


Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life's comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games all for free.


Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary. VG W group void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Leo was a freshman but Leo was like 26 years old. Yeah. So we strategizing. Okay, what we going to do? A we catch such and such by themselves. We going to rule And so Leo older than everybody but he a freshman. So we asked Leo, Leo, who you with? Leo? Say I'm by myself. I said Leo, I said Leo, you can't be by yourself.


You gotta be with somebody. Leo say no I don't. Ain't none of them ends gonna bother me. I promise you. I say Leo, just team up. Say no I don't play like that because when I put these things on somebody, I'm gonna really put 'em on them. Be the main ones. Hey, ain't nobody bother Leo. No nobody. Man. We had a dude, we had a dude. Man Joe. Dude was six three and I'm talking about Chisel when he cut. I mean he was like six three by 2 45, 2 50 cut out a granite.


Cut out a granite. Didn't nobody play with him? No we was in the hall. He was in the hallway. He had his shirt off. He walked up, put his finger in his, in his face. The old boy face you soft and you ain't going to do nothing. I'm gonna turn my back on you. I'm gonna show everybody in the hallway that you ain't about this life. Nah. And I wish somebody was gonna touch me. I promise you. I told y'all he been selling the wolf tickets and I ain't buying not one of them.


And Joe, you right that was some of the best times in college. But Savannah state Joe, you had to be real careful because guys would just shoot down the hallway and so we had those steel doors. So all of a sudden you got the bullets rookie, she off the steel doors. What you mean bullets? Let the dudes shoot down the hall. The man, come on. Come on man. What type of game these dude playing? Yo, I, hey I'm telling you with a different level down there Joe. A guy get mad like you be on the phone. 'cause we had community phones. Nobody had a phone in that room. Right. You had what? We had the long haul and the short haul.


So you have a phone on the short haul, you had a phone on the long haul phone. So You know guys be trying to talk to their wi their girlfriend or their mom or something. Grandma. Yeah. Be loud. Hey man, close your door. Turn your music down. Close your door. I'm talking, I only got a couple of more minutes. Help you. Yeah, so guess what, dude, get off the phone. Snatch the phone off the wall. Now we ain't got no now we ain't got no phone with Joe. He'll just snatch that one off. He go smash the other one off. So both phones down. So now can't nobody get no calls. Oh man, we had, we had phones in our dorm room so it, but boy it look like y'all were, it might have been borderline little prison y'all was in.


Oh Joe. Oh, and don't try to wash your clothes. Hey, wash your clothes and don't somebody put your eyes on shirt on. You see somebody with your treat. Come on man. They don't about my ish man. God. Hey, hey, when you short baby, You know that ish me. Hey, hey, when you wash your clothes, you gotta sit down there and wait for, you gotta sit down there and wash it. You gotta wash it the whole time. Basically you come down and left somebody in and took your stuff outta there and put the ass in in there. Absolute. Now you don't see. Yeah, I know exactly what you talking about. Boy, different. They was, hey they was off the chain back in the day, man. Now I think it's a lot more chilled now, but when I gotta Savannah State, boy we had some knuckleheads, man.


We had to woo. Yeah and see we had them athletic dorm so it was all athletes. So You know, we got, you got two, three washing machines and drives somebody washing at all times. So you ain't there four hours a day. Yeah. So you, I'm talking about two in the morning. It's gonna be somebody out washing clothes. Yep. So if you ain't washing, if you ain't down there watching your clothes, boy they gonna be sitting on the floor somewhere up. Joe. And the thing was, think about it, we, so we had all the football players, all the basketball players and a few baseball players. Peacock Hall was the a was the athletes' dorm. Yeah bro. So basically we had three floors.


You got a washer and dryer, two washers, two drives per floor. Yeah. I wish you would take your eyes off that. I was like, man. And then my brother, my brother, yo. So I had gone to University of South Carolina where they got phones in they room. They got like seven, eight washes and dryers and stuff. My brother looked at me and said, Mandy, y'all live like this. Like yeah, but we be clean going to class Joe. They go to class in Sweatsuits, man we got Stars jeans, we got Zod, we got p You know we got a polo. Yeah.


Hey, we got dark side. I mean we dressed to the nine. My brother said, man, y'all go to class, like I said, every day. Yeah man, we had dudes go to class every day with they shirt tucked in. Oh yeah. Yeah. Sha Shadur Sanders has picked up a pair of speeding tickets this month. Video of the second incident has emerged. The officer said that the ticket door was given that he had speed in excess of a hundred miles per hour when he was going 41 miles over the speed limit. This has much been discussed on whether it is fair to criticize your door for speeding when no other rookie traffic citation are being published.


It's hard for me to beat because Joe, I got stopped. I wasn't, I wasn't, I was a rookie. I think I was like, in my third year I got stopped going 108 in a 60. Yeah, I got stopped in 92. So I got two tickets in about of 10 minutes. So speeding. I get it. You know, young guy, he probably, I don't know what, what kind of car he had a, a color. What? A truck. So, You know, man, something about speeding and, and, and young people, You know, you got a heavy, you got a lead foot. You know, I I I got a lead foot look I was playing here in Atlanta and them char them, them challenges had just came out.


Yeah. And I had one, Jeff T had one, Josh Smith had one. So we get back, we get back to Atlanta one night off the road about two in the morning. We're on 2 85. Tan rolled up. We're on 2 85 tan rolled up. Man. I'm the only one get pulled over. Did you? Huh? How fast were you going? We, we all over a hundred now. You know, I think in Georgia, if you going act over a hundred or 30, 30 miles over the speed limit, they normally take your ass to jail. Yeah. But I look, You know, I had a, I had a black police officer pull me over and You know, he knew who I was.


He gave me some grace. He gave some great, I I was very respectful. Now they kept on going so they, You know, they got away. I he, he pulled, he he got behind me, pulled them lock, said dang, I went on and pulled over. Look, one thing we ain't finna do, had no high speed out. Oh hell, I'ma pull over, I'm gonna go on pull over. It is late at night and that it's already, I mean, the faster you go, it looks like, I mean, You know, I driven so fast. I mean the, the checks look like a single line. I mean, you passing everything so quick. It was two in the morning. It wasn't no it wasn't nobody on the free, I'm talking about we were I'm talking about hot tailing down through there. You Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I know, I know, You know, being young, you having a lot of money in fast cars, you gonna test it out from time to time.


But you gotta realize you're URA Sanders. Yep. You know what comes with that last name. You know who your father is. So the things that you do will probably get criticized, scrutinized a little bit more than another 21, 22, 20 3-year-old would, and his last name isn't Sanders, his last name. Isnt he, his father isn't Coach Prime, You know? Okay. Okay. Now, now you got two in a month. You should be good. You, you gotta, you gotta change. You gotta change that now you gotta change that. Once I got those tickets, You know, I, it, it changed because I think the thing was is my brother said, bro, look, I understand, You know you young and X, y and ZI said, but he was like, bro, if that tire blows it's over.


I said, and, and then what granny, You know, you ba basically, You know you just killed your granite. Yeah. So I, I took that and so, You know, I I I had to slow it down. Agree. I had to slow down. I mean you, I got two tickets in one at 108 and another 92 in a span of 10 minutes. I'm like, okay, because you don't, you, you don't think about the worst that could possibly happen. Not at that time. Not at that time. You know what I mean? You, you flowing that thing. Hey, I know I done been there man, I done been there, but you're right. The boy tie, blow out. Something happen. And, and that's normally, You know, you see guys have these tragic accidents to where, You know, you, you, you end up hitting somebody and it's a fatal car accident and that's the one thing you do not want.


No. You know what I mean? And that's why I started thinking Joe, I wouldn't want someone to give my grandmother, my mother, my mother that news. I damn sure don't wanna be the reason somebody else gotta give somebody else mom or grandmother at news or a husband or wife or whatever the case may be. I didn't want that on my conscience. Nah. Hey look, and as you get older you become a lot wiser 'cause Boyer, you do, you can't pay me to do that. Now you Right. The internet did what the internet does and found that in 12 30 0 7 LeBron James 23 was cited for going 101 by law enforcement. Shadur Sanders age 23 was cited going 101 by law enforcement.


Look like Shado is destined to become the goat, the greatness upon him. Right. I on the internet, boy, y'all, hey, hey, they come up with anything. Make it sound good what they are. Look like he destined for greatness, baby. I'm glad I'm, I'm glad they would've internet ride without the college at all. Reckless stuff in the foolishness. Because You know what I'm saying? You like you said Joe, you don't think anything can happen to you. You Think you would be and and that's a part of it. 'cause a lot of us is that we we're athletes and that's what makes us who we are. Yeah. The belief that we can do things that other people can't. The belief that what happens to someone that's not an athlete or a normal civilian that can't possibly happen to us.


We're invincible. Man. Listen uncle, when I was in college, I had got pulled over. I got a ticket and just irresponsible. Didn't tell my mama then just threw that thing in the Glo apartment. Next thing You know, I got a court date that I done missed and You know what's next or they got a bitch warrant for you. They come to get you failure to appear. I get pulled over again straight to the jail. You going Look, look, I give him my, I give him my driver's license and he go back to the car, he run. I'm like, damn, what was taking his man so long? He come back out, he got his handcuffs out. I'm like, damn the hell he got his handcuffs out for. He say, he say Mrs. Johnson, You know you got a failure to appear.


I got man put me in cuffs, took me downtown. Damn. Yeah. Took me downtown. I had to call a couple of my teammates. They had the piece up. I think it was like, I think it was like, like 200 something dollars to get me out. Yeah, yeah, yeah man. You gotta be responsible. I know I done bid that. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap Recap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Wanna thank each and every one of you that's tuned in tonight that supported us from day one. We can't thank you enough because all the awards that you see behind us is because of you. All the things that we've been able to accomplish thus far.


It's because of you and because of your eyes, your ears and your word of mouth, we can't do it without you. So thank you very much for your support and your continued support. Please make sure you check our shade by La Poitier. We do have it in stock now if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We'll have it. Guess what? We're coming to a city or a state near you. But please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. That link is in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Guys we're off tomorrow, we're back on Saturday.


OCHO will be back in the chair along with Ricky Williams and Jim Jones. So OCHO is back on Saturday. Ricky Williams and Jim Jones. Stop by. So, and Ocho will be live after game seven on Sunday. So no, Joe will be back live with us on game seven after Sunday. So it'll be Ocho, Joe and I live after the game. Game seven. We're gonna have a winner. We're gonna crown a new NBH champ. Yeah. Sunday. And will it be the Pacers? Will it be kc? Thank you guys for joining us. Appreciate that Joe. We'll see you on Saturday. Where is it? The volume?


Okay. Have you heard about this last year? Degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled in one of the old send back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself. Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's oral care month, which means you can earn four times points on all your favorite oral care brands. Now through July 15th. Shop in store or online for items like Colgate toothpaste, Listerine mouthwash, crest mouthwash or toothpaste, Sensodine toothpaste.


Hello Toothpaste or GUM Flossers and earn four times points. Points can be redeemed for future discounts on gas or groceries. Offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details. This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two. Can't afford Ozempic. Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed. Just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss Data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider.


Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Here at the Almond Joy factory, where tropical vibes are bound, we use soft, fresh tasting, coconut, The crunchiest, almonds, and delicious chocolate candy. Ah, but do You know what our most important ingredient is? Sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes You don't. Almond joys Something way better than that. Yes, almond Joy is made with almond. This is an iHeart podcast.