
This is an iHeart podcast.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The NBC nightly news legacy isn't handed down, or BC News, I'm Tom Broan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sin back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they pped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's X purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hello, It is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, You know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. No Purchase necessary v GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions. Apply The volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know who I am. I am your favorite, aunt Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own Bingle Ring of Fame honoree, Mr. Olympia. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you for your support and your continued support. Because of you, thanks to you. Everything that you we've been able to accomplish was because of you. And with that, you have our deepest gratitude. So thank you again very much for your support and your continued support.


Check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. It is the best tasting VSOP premium cognac on the market. We beat 'em all. Try for yourself. You will not be disappointed. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of it platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pending in the chat. Suppliers are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Oh, Joe, there's saga, there's drama in Cincinnati. Joe Burrow says he wants the team to pay Star Pass Russia, Trey Hendrickson.


He says the team not paying Hendrickson is a significant distraction. Let's take a listen to what Joe had to say. Jamar and t having agreed the deals. Is Trey not being here or his deal not done? Is that a distraction? Of course, of course. Last year we had two. This year we have one. So we do have less. We'd love to have none. But You know, that's life in the NFL. We're all support Trey and, and would love for him to be back. Mm O Joe. Yes sir. What's your take? Well, listen, listen, I love Joe. Joe also has to understand this, his business, it's the business and the Browns have one way of doing things. They've done things one way.


And despite what he may say, despite his concerns about wanting Trey to be paid or him, or it being a distraction with him not getting paid, this is the way they conduct business. All teams conduct business in the same manner. They're not going to be swayed or forced or bullied into paying the individual based on how we as players, whether or fans perform or fans see fit, they're gonna do things their way. They paid, they paid Joe Burrow, they paid Jamar Chase, they paid, they paid T Higgins. I don't know, I don't have the numbers in front of me. I don't know how much is left in, in Calie salary cap space, But not to, not enough to pay Trey what he want.


That would be not Actually not enough to pay him what he want. But I'm, I'm assuming maybe they're trying to find some middle ground. But from what I've heard, there are no talks going on at all. So obviously Trey Tre is standing his ground and he's not in a position despite being the, the, the SAC leader last year. And the Sac leader before that, the year before that, like he was the SAC leader. But what was our defense rank? Can someone look at, can s look that up right now? I mean, just really quick, just curious. What was that Without Trey, you'd have been, you'd have been 17th in college. So you had Trey, so you was at the bottom at the NFL. Okay. So they look at all that. They look at all, listen, I I I want him to get paid. I want him to get paid for based on what he's done, You know, to, to date.


But they look at it completely different than the way we look at it as fans. And obviously me, listen, I love my bangals and I Love, I Would love for Trey to get paid, but it's, it's, it is a tough spot that, that we are in. I'm, I'm not sure what's gonna happen. I think at some point if things don't get worked out, I'm assuming maybe a trade of some sort might happen and we at, at, at the, the least opportune time when we least expect it. I I I look at it like this Ocho considering he's the best defensive player. And when you look at that defensive line, who else? Most teams have two guys. Yes, Yes. You know, you have Micah and then you have another guy. Or you look at, let's just say for the sake of you look at the Eagles, they have multiple guys.


You look at Kansas City, they have Chris, Chris Jones, Chris Jones, and have Altus. Yeah. You know, they have multiple guys, most teams, although they're not on the same level, but they have, you look at Highsmith and you look at wat. So no, most guys have somebody to play off of. Right? It's him. Yeah. He led the league in sax with really no one else beside him, You know, and Brother Sam Hubbard just retired, huh? Yes. Sam Hubbard just retired. And rumor, remember he was hurt most of the year. Ocho. Yeah. Yeah. He was hurt. And also when I think about it, I look at the a FFC north Unc, right? Yes. From an offensive standpoint and needing defensive players is, I mean, it's bad enough. We're already bad on defense. Let's not make it worse. At Least Kansas City, Buffalo, Baltimore, Ah, my Good Houston, And I mean that my, my goodness.


Like we, we need Trey in, in the, in the, the dearest dearest way possible to, to, to try to do what we can defensively so we can, we can, we can start a little better this season. You know? I know we always talk about the offense, You know, they always start slow, always out, out the gate, You know, being oh two or one and one or whatever, Whatever. You gotta stop somebody though. Yeah. We, we gotta be able To stop. See, that problem is ocho. Okay. You say, well, the D I'm saying, but here's the thing. They have one bad, two bad possessions. Their defense can't stop anybody. Now all of a sudden you 14 points down, Hey, You gotta lead. Okay, let's just say for the sake of ar you have a lead, and we saw this against Baltimore. Yeah. They have two bad possessions now. Baltimore has the lead.


Has the lead. Yeah. So What, what, how far away are we from, from having a decent defense? Just curious from you, from your listen, You know, this is, this is ooh bias. This Is, and y'all just cut Pratt. Remember y'all released Pratt? Yeah. So, so wait, hold on. Pratt. Pratt Pratt was the middle back was the mike Linebacker. Yeah. He led your team in tackles. Yeah, He did. So Logan Wilson plays, I mean, What's they drafted somebody, they drafted somebody in the second round outta South Carolina. I was reading yesterday at night. They must, he must gonna be plugged. And they seem Really high on him. Yeah. He Gonna, he gonna plug and play then, huh? Yeah. He gotta, and remember Pratt was like, hey, he wanted a contract, extens, he wanted to be, You know, wanna bump and pay.


Yeah. They're like, nah bro, we can't bump you and pay. I was reading now, I don't know, You know, maybe somebody just throwing out numbers. I think Trey's supposed to make what, 15, 16, 17 million. Yeah. That's, they're trying to get him to 28. I don't think he's looking at listening to anything that doesn't start with a three Now. I'm not now I, I honestly, because you see, you see, he's like, hold on, one guy making 55, another guy making 40, another guy making 30. And then y'all want me to come in at 28 and he see Miles Garrett, he knows Michael is about to get something that starts with a four. Right? Do y'all want me to start with a two? Yeah, I, I, hold on, hold on. I just don't see that. Let, Let's be fair. If he wants to get what he wants, he's not gonna be able to get it because everything you just ran off, we just paid 1 40, 1 30 and one making 55, then there's no room for you to make.


Do you take, do you take a discount? Do you take a discount or No, The question is better question, does he miss the first eight games and then come back the last eight games to make sure he gets accredited season or does. 'cause that's what I would do. Because if you don't come back, they still have your rights. So I would, You know, it, it depends on how serious he is about his money. Oh, oh, he's serious. Okay. He's serious. And this, this is, this is the thing that you can do when they know you love the game Monk, when they know you love the game and they know you can't stay away from the game, they always want you to be team first. Team that teamness and team oriented and be the, but when it comes time to play, this is what, this is what happens. Yeah. Just talk about the Bengals in general.


I'm talking about in general, they, they will use your love for the game against you. 'cause the business side of things will sneak upon you and bite you. Nash. Yeah. Every time, I'm trying to think of a guy that Sean Gilbert might be the only guy that I can remember that missed the whole season and then he ended up turning around and getting paid. I think he went to Carolina. I think it's with Washington and he ended up going to Carolina. It might be vice versa. But that's what I, I mean I think the thing is to say what I would do is easy to say what, because you're not in that situation. Right. Me, I ain't missing no time. I understood that that was time I wasn't gonna be able to get back.


And like you said, Ocho I think the thing is, they, they know the guys that really everybody don't love the game like we do now. Yeah. No, it's different. So they, they gonna hard time us. Well this all we got knowing damn well we, we might miss a game, but we ain't missing no half of those seasons. No entire season. Hey listen, because we love it too much. Listen, The funny thing about it is, I, I love the game, but I, I think during my time I was in fortunate situations I think where they, they came to me early twice. Right. Came to me early where I, where I didn't have to deal with that type of situation. Right. It just, to me it's almost, it's almost a slap in the face a little bit Unc when you think about it. Yeah. Almost a slap in the face. And we take it personally as players and I know they do when situations like this arises, when you understand what your value is, you understand what the market is and then you have a team that's hesitant in giving, you said market value also it hard.


Listen one thing about it, I don't care how many I'm how many players you got got paid. There's always a, a way to make it happen depending on who the player is. You do understand that, right? Yes. But what I don't get from the Bengals ocho, if you had this problem last year and you didn't resolve it and during the season or after the season, what makes you thought the think the problem is going to go away? It's like if you have a disease and don't talk about it. Well, just because you don't talk about it, you better go get it. You better treat it. Yeah. Because talking about it, but because not talking about a problem. Like, it's like two people argue O Joe and you go to bed. That issue is not gonna be resolved in the morning because you didn't talk about it that night.


As a matter of fact, you gonna give people an opportunity to build up. They like this mofo played with me, they couldn't address me. Right. They know I So you lead over there steaming. She led over there steaming. You know, you get outta bed in the morning, you stepping on lips 'cause her lip poked out to the flow. Yeah. His lips poked out to the flow. So I don't understand how the Bengals thought this situation and he had another 17 and a half sex season that season. Yeah. And he led the NFL and sacks and somehow you thought he was going, well we got a good chance to go. You had a good chance to go to the Super Bowl last year or the playoffs last year. Yeah. And it didn't happen. Guys are not, You know, teams always want you to think, oh, think big picture.


No, the big picture is me and my family. That's the big picture I'm thinking about. I don't know what bitch y'all painting because Ocho what they tell, what they tell you Ocho when they release players, you hear, and I think we're gonna talk about this a little later. Yeah. Jahi. Yeah. And gut said what he said, they're always thinking about what is the best interest of the team. Okay. What is the best interest of the business? Okay. Players are businesses. Yes. What is in the best interest of Trey Hendrickson not playing is in the best interest of Trey Hendricks being all honest. Now I'm not telling the guy what he should or what he shouldn't do. Yeah. But this is what we do know. He take his ass out there on that field and he get anything to happens.


Lord forbid it does not. Yes Sir. He ain't getting no payday. No, You know that. I know that. Yes Sir. Yeah. I listen, I, the thing is this, it's tough. We're in tough spot. The Bengals organization is in a tough spot. Trey Hendrickson is in a tough spot. Joe Burrow saying that it's a distraction to those that are in the organization, those that are, that are on the team, those that are at mini camp right now. I think for the fans it's a distraction and it's just like overwhelming. And they're like, God damn, here we go again. But again, yeah, as fans, as players, you have to be able to separate the, the personal side of being a football player in the business side. I think if you can pa you can compartmentalize and be able to separate the two and understand that it is business first.


It's not personal, it's nothing against you as a player. But this is the way they conduct themselves. Not just with the Bengals, but with every team in general. I think he'll be all right. I want Trey to get his money though. You know, even if it's not with us, I would love to see him back with the Bengals. But he, I would also love to see him get what he deserves somewhere else. Because I think the thing is Ocho, what happens is that Joe would like to talk about what a great day of practice they've had. Yes sir. But the media's asking him about trade's contract. They're asking him about the rookies contract who we're gonna talk about in just a second. So he's like, bro, I'm trying to say, hey, t and I had a great comment, had a great work today. We got some great work done today, we got better today.


But you're asking me about a player that's not here. I don't know what you want me to say. Right. Joe is being the, the leader that he is. Yeah. We love to have Trey and I think he's done enough to, to he's earned not deserve, he's earned a raise in pay. Yeah. Because guess what, let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho, instead of having 17 and a half sacks, he had five and a half sacks. Do you think they would keep him on the contract that he has now? Absolutely not. I answered it for you. No, they wouldn't. So now he outperforms the contract. You don't wanna reward him, but if he underperformed, you'll punish him. Yes. That's, That's, that's, and that's, and that's the way it is. And, and and I and, and hopefully fans like see that and I understand, look, I understand you want running a business, but guys normally play be guys team after being in, You know, a business, your work is performed better when they're compensated.


Yeah, Yeah. Oh, and you're Happily yes. Which is hey, which is one of the reasons why do you think they always go ahead and pay the quarterback? Yes. They always pay the quarterback. You get your quarterback out the way. So he had nothing to worry about. He's in the right state of mind and he can focus on the job at hand, no distractions. And again, not being able to get your money after putting in all the work, You know, the sacrifice, the sweat, the injuries. I just, I mean he led, I mean there, I mean he led the entire league in Sacks. He did that. Nice. He had, he, I mean he had 17 and a half. He was, I mean he was in the running for defensive player of the year and he's probably thinking to himself, what the hell do I have to do to get rewarded for my hard work?


Yeah, That's crazy. It's unfortunate. And listen, this is, this happens all the time for sure. Boy, it happens all the time. Yeah. It so happens. It's his turn, His turn. Bengals, rookies, Yamar Stewart is still waiting to take his first practice rep in the NFL. He also has some words for the Bengals today in comparing his situation with Treys. Let's take a listen to what he had to say. Like some people say we all agree Trey will be right, right. But technically still 1% wrong for being under contract. So, and in my case I'm a hundred percent right. So it should be a no brainer.


And in Trey's case, I think it should be a no brainer too. I mean, he let 17 and a half sacks in two for two years back to back if I was the GM or I was the owner take all my money. But I guess they don't operate like that. But No, they do not. Hey listen, hey Unc, it's easy to say take all my money when you not the gm. And it's not he Somebody else's money. Oh Yes. Hey man, get all out your money. Don't bother buying. It's easy to say that. But listen, you learn quick, you learn, you learn quick and you learn fast. The rookie will understand that this is a business and it's running a little different. It's running a little different now. He's had 17 and a half sacks back to back seasons. Right. And then they're, they're hesitate they're hesitant on paying them.


So in situations like this, this'll tell you how they really feel about you. Yes. Because depending on who the player is, depending on who the player is and how much they value you and what you bring to the table, oh man, they not even playing when it's time to get paid. I don't care who, I don't care who you are, Lift that take, this is what Mike Florio, a pro football focus, right? This football talk PFT, he said the Bengals have decided to wedge a new clause into Stewart's deal. The clause would turn a default in any given year into void of all remaining guarantees and prior Bengals contracts avoid wiped out only the guarantees for the year in which the default occurred.


Stewart refuses to be the be Guinea pig for the new term. And the Bengals refuse to blink as a result. Stewart will be less prepared for training camp than he would've been. So in other words, a lot of times they put a clause in there Ocho it says, if you do something wrong, the the money you were supposed to get in that year Right. Is wiped away. Now they put the new clause in there, say if you do something wrong, any guarantee that you're supposed to get in 25, 26, 27, 28, that's gone too. Oh no. Hell no. I understand. I to, to me, honestly, I I, I don't, I don't like the verbiage, but again, I would, I would have it on a a year to year basis if this year, if you mess up, You know, and if it's conduct detriments to the team or so that it's that serious where we need to recoup some of that money back that's guaranteed.


I see. Fit to do so. But yes. Messing up one time, avoid The whole, avoid all the remaining games, the People. Oh, absolutely not. Hell no. Not over what? But don't, man, don't make, don't make me curse. Don't make me curse because I just got saved the other day. Don't do that. Oh no, don't do that. Don't do that. That, listen, they, I know they're trying to set a precedent. I'm not sure what precedent that Not with me. You're not, I I listen outside of, don't get into any trouble, period. I don't know if he has a past, if he has a past history of doing things wrong. I, IIII don't know for them to actually wanna put that clause in his contract, all of a sudden out the blue set a precedent with this individual.


Yeah. I'm not sure what his badge looks like. Nah. That's anything I can think of and why they would wanna do something like that And No, but it seems to be like this is something that they're trying to do moving forward To everybody. Yes. Only, only round It says, because the clauses would determine the default in any given year into a void of all remaining guarantees and prior Bengal's contracts, a void wiped out only guaranteed for which the year the default occurred. So if he did something in 25, okay, we wipe out the guarantees in 25. Right. 26, 27, 28 is protected. Right now they're saying if you default in 25, 26, 27, 28 get wiped away.


Oh hell no. Aren't you? Damn. That's the whole purpose of guarantees right? Is to be able to get the guarantee. Yes. Yeah. I I have a question. Yes. Are there any other NL teams that practice the same clause in their contracts or we, we wouldn't, we wouldn't know that. Huh? Well, there's some, some you have a contract, let's just say for the sake of argument, right. You in the NFL, you a wide receiver or it's like coaches like, like a college, like a NFL coach. I give you cut. You say I got three years left on my deal at $12 million a year. Yes sir.


I get a new job, whatever. So now it offsets, so what they have is offset language. So if I get a job from another team, however much that team plays that I have to pay the remaining. So if I get a deal for 9 million over there, I only have to pay 3 million over here where I left, got left at. You know what I'm saying? Right. Some people write in, there is no offset language. Jimbo Fisher, Jimbo Fisher got released. He gives all 80 of that remaining money. It was 82 to be exact. Okay, I remember that. So sometimes they try to put offset language where you can't double dip. Players can't double dip.


So if you get released and you go sign with another team, that ain't got nothing to do with you. I want the money that you owe me and I'm gonna get the money they going to give me. Right. Don't you worry about what I got you. Just go make sure that a, just go ahead and make sure you keep the checks coming. I will be, Hey, you got, hey, you got the wire number. Go and put it in there. Direct deposit. So that's, and and some teams do, some teams will have offset language. If you get another job, even in tv you get released by one network, you go somewhere else, they just pay the difference. So you got X, y whatever the case may be. So if you get, if you get say 5 million over here, you only get two and a half over there, you gonna get two and a half.


Hey this, hey y'all, hey man, this is, this is, as much as people love the beautiful game, they, they, I don't think they understand the nasty business side of it. No, they don't. They don't. The nasty business side of it, it, it can get ugly. It can get very ugly. And the fact, there's a reason why when it comes to contracts and negotiations or, or situations like this, there's a reason why the agents go in there and not the players. 'cause if the players go in those rooms and you hear how owners really feel about you and what they really wanna do and the language they wanna put in the fight, the five print language that they wanna put in contracts to protect themselves from having to pay you long term. If you mess up, they, oh listen, it was, it was some stuff like, I, I don't wanna bring up the past, but it was some stuff in in t's contract and in Chase's contract that was, that wasn't suitable.


It Wasn't Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It, You know, it wasn't right. So if they, if they, if they were doing it to t and Chase, You know who, who the meat and potatoes that offense outside of Joe. I know they gonna do it to Tray and they definitely gonna do it to the rookie. Oh yeah. For sure. So, but it's, it's, it's business man. It's it's business. Yeah. It's never personal. I'm like a, You know what I'm gonna do a, I'm gonna call Joe Burrow agent. Hey bro, y'all got this language in your contract. They do it all the time. Yeah, they do it all the time. Nah bro, you're not Finn I'm not finna be no Guinea pig. You're not finna sit no precedent with me. And then everybody that comes after me, they looking at me crazy because I allowed it to happen because I was the highest draft pick the year that they started this foolishness.


Right. And I I I agreed to it. So how, how, how can this go though? What if he refuses to play? What if he refuses to sign the contract? Unless they remove that language, what happens? Well that's, that's it. They either have to remove the language or he has to say, I'm not playing That. That can get ugly. Huh? I hope he did. I hope he got some good NIL money. He hadn't spent too much, he hadn't promised his mom or dad or whomever house yet. Right. Damn. I I don't, I don't like that for family I'll neither.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family, learn more@apu.apus.edu slash military.


The NC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broka. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Ahmed is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC


Ryan Reynolds Here from Mint Mobile. With the price of just about everything going up, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. Mint Mobile unlimited. Premium wireless. How to get 30 30 bid to get 30 bid To get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020 bid get 1515. 1515. Just 15 bucks a month. Sold. Give It a try At mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan. Equivalent to 15 per month. Required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks taxes and fees. Extra semen mobile.com.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this contents not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Aren Rogers was the latest veteran quarterback to weigh in on mentoring the next generation. In his case, he was asked about mentoring Will Howard, he responded. Will's a good kid. We got to talk a little bit. I thought he did a really, I thought he did really well today. He seems pretty bright going through the progressions Really well. I'm gonna be with him every single day, every single meeting. Found my seat next to him today in the offensive meeting. Whether or not it sticks right next to Will Howard. So I'm gonna help him out as much as I can. Okay. Ocho, I see You know what Ocho I here, I, You know what? I ain't gonna lie to you Ocho. Lemme tell you the true story. Ocho, I got admitted in college with math.


Ain't none of that is stick. I told you once we got past timetables, me and math really didn't get along. Ocho ocho if I couldn't do this like this here. Yeah. Or write it down on little scratch paper. Yes, sir. Minus six one me and math. What? Eight. You start getting the fractions and pies. Yeah, but listen, I don't know to tell you. Listen, it's only one pie. I know that's apple pie, but that's it. But buddy if pecan pie and then start talking about if a train left at four 30 in the morning and train B left at six o'clock in the afternoon. At what point were they Aren You Aren?


Hold on, hold on, hold on. If Johnny, if Johnny had five apples? Yeah, he gave Amy three. Yeah, But Adam bought back six. Man, if you don't Yeah, I'm like bro, he Just got my face. Two trains, one leaves at 4:30 AM the other leaves at 6:00 PM at one time. When, and I Don't How fast are they going? I don't know what man I see on Joe. I don't know why they just couldn't do, why they couldn't do 12 times 12? Why they couldn't do 60 49 from 60 is how. But they start doing all other stuff out there.


They gone with me. So me and math, me and math, we were not good. And favorite thing. Nah, math ain't my favorite thing. What? Oh sure. Hey. Yeah. Hey, whatever. Hey, that was funny, boy. Yeah, but see when it comes to percentage, okay, you got this much and you will get a percentage. But bro, how much is that? How much you want? How much you want? Man, you start getting, Hey I, let's do a round number because we start getting $776 and I'm getting you getting three and a half percent of that. Nah, come on bro.


Hey, I got, I got, I I got $35 for you. Okay. You $35. Do you, bro, you asking an awful lot man. I ain't got time to be doing all that. You know, you do this and you and you add 0.24 or 0.4. Nah man, I ain't got all that. I ain't got time for that. So No. So I get what Aren is saying, mentoring, You know, because everybody processes information differently. Joe. Yeah, me, I was a visual learner. Right. I need you to see you put it on the board. Don't, Hey Shannon, I want you to go do this and do that. Like, no, no, no, no. Draw that issue on the board. And once I, once I saw That's okay. I I I I'm good now. I'm good. Yeah. I'm a, I'm a visual learner.


Don't explain nothing to me. Show me. But At the end of the day, Oh hey boy, that was funny. Boy. At, at the, at the end of the day. The beginning of the day or, or the middle of the day. Oh Joe, how well does somebody process information? Yeah. How well do they retain information and then ca can you spit it out? That's it. Can you spit it out? Right. Because sometimes some people can read something and have no ly idea what the hell they read. Some people can skim over it and give you a great synopsis of what's what it's actually saying.


Yeah. Everybody processes information different. They do. Yes. Miles Gar had a simple response today about Aren Rogers joining the A FC North. I think it's a good opportunity to put him in the graveyard. Damn. That's the type of answer you expect from a defenses end. Oh yeah, for sure. That's the type of answer you you expect from one of, if not the bests in the, in the Yep. In the NFL. Listen, he gotta deal with Aren rods twice a year and need letting them know ahead of time. You already know what time it is. I'm not here to say something nice about you. Oh no, no, no, no, no at all.


Yeah, actually I'm trying to, I'm trying to add you, I'm trying to add you to the resume. You know, I don't know if I've got an opportunity to sack Peyton Manning or, or Tom Brady or somebody. But hey you the next best thing I'll take. Hey, I might not have an opportunity to get them but I can get your ass. Yeah, most definitely. But they shit, they asked the wrong, they asked the wrong one. Packer, CEO and President Mark Murphy asked some shade for Jerry Alexander when asked about the recent release. He's been a great player for us. Obviously elite talent unfortunately just injured a lot. Unfortunately. That's a big part of the game. Yeah, we see we've been used to playing without him.


Mm. Alexander played 14 games over the last two seasons. Yeah. Damn. Hey played 14 games. Listen, injuries is something you, you, you can't avoid. But one thing I know about that young bull, when he is healthy, when he is on the field and he's playing man to man in your face, he gonna give you everything he got. And he one of the best at, he one of the best at it. But he doesn't get the credit he deserves because he's been injured. Ben, I can only, I can only speak on what I seen when I see him on the field and he gonna talk that trash to YouTube and back it up the best he can. Him and Justin. Jeff the matchups, those matchups were classic. Yeah. He wants and he lost some, but either way I'm tuned in.


Every time them two used to line 'em together, he gonna go somewhere. I don't know where he gonna go. Oh yeah. Where he goes they understand they, they need to understand what they're getting, what he is healthy and do whatever they need to do to get him on that field and keep him on there. That's the toughest part about it, Ocho because being available is a big part of how good you are. You know, boy, he's a good worker when I can get him to come to work, that ain't what the damn did. Right. Right. And I look he's injured. I think he said he had a a, a meniscus or something. He had a shoulder injury. When you play a skilled position, it's hard to go out there and play with something's wrong with you.


Yeah. Because you got a lower extremity. 'cause that's how, where am I going? No Joe. If I can't, all of a sudden I can't be sudden. Right. All of a sudden I'm a DB and I can't raise my arm. How do I knock down a path? How do I intercept the path? Or if I got an injury, I my something where my knee, my hips or something. Ankles and it take, 'cause guess what? Only thing people in the stands see and people at home see man, Ja gave up a touchdown. Man. He terrible. He is sorry He don't feel out bad 'cause he used to be good. He done fell out bad. Yeah. That's what they see. Yeah. They don't see Monday to, You know, and getting treatment and all that stuff. You're not able to practice. You potentially have to shoot up, you have to take medication.


They don't see any of that. All they see is Alexander on the back of that Packer jersey and whether or not he's making plays or not, it's really that simple. Yeah. Did you or didn't you? Damn, that's unfortunate man. And I guess they were trying to like come to a number that was amenable to both parties. Right. Excuse me. And they could just never get there. Maybe he thought it was too low, they thought it was too high. Right. And a at the end of the day, we've seen teams and amount of money they won't eat. 'cause we've seen them eat Aren Rogers contract Green Bay. We've seen the Broncos eat a Russell Wilson's contract. So there is not a, a denomination 40, 50, $60 million.


They don't care. No. And And and there's a good chance the the, the Falcon probably have to eat cousins. Some cousin's contract. So you don't, you don't think obviously he he's not gonna move, huh? No, they, I'm sure they're gonna want whoever who taken the pay a substantial chunk of that, that contract and they're like, nah, we just wait for you to release him and we can get it for minimum. Okay. Yeah. Damn. I mean to pay $50 million for a backup. Woo. Hey that, hey, that's good money. That boy can you imagine? Yeah. Back up making 50 million.


I I I just, I remember when this deal came down and you and I was talking about, I said Ocho Yeah, We we sure was. Yep. I said Ocho, I Thought listen, I sure thought he was gonna get at least two years in. I ain't know he was. He would. I didn't know. I didn't know it would be that soon. Huh? I Said at best case scenario he gets two. Right. I said, but Ocho, what if he only gets one and you got all that guaranteed money you in a Russell Wilson situation. Yeah. Yeah. And it, And that's, and that's exactly what happened, happened. Now Russell's situation was a little, You know, they wanted some, some protections of the guaranteed money, blah, blah, blah. Russell's like, nah, I'm not waiving that. And I get it. But cousins man, and I think they still got another 10 million next year they owe it 'cause he got 110.


I think he got a, he got a hundred signed a a a a four year, $180 million deal. But 110 of it was guaranteed 50 signing bonus and then woo seek you over the next two years. Hey, one thing about brother cousins man, listen. God. Oh Man cousin, God, Hey he, God has been good to him. Great. And his timing, his timing has been impeccable every time. And he better on himself. One thing about it, when you better on yourself, he's come out on top every single time. Hmm. So how much you got 84. You got 84 to sign 84 million. 184 million. I know. 84,000,004.


That's $21 million a year For Giant. Huh? No, I was talking about, we talking about cousins. I I was like, I'm, I was like $20. Nah, it was way more than that. Yeah. And that's the thing though. Ocho I mean cousin, nah, cousins got like 50 million guaranteed he got signing bonus 'cause I think he had 110, it was 180 for four years and then I think he had 110 guaranteed. Maybe 150 guaranteed. Woo. Hey, could you imagine, could you, Hey Chad, could you imagine, just close your eyes real quick and just imagine you go to sleep at the night and you wake up in the morning and it's, and it's 50 million in your bank account.


But Uncle Sam done took half of it. Ocho he got, he got 90 to fully, if you think about ocho, he's never had a contract since he became the starter in Washington. That wasn't guaranteed. Yeah. Because remember he played on, he played on the franchise tag one year. He played on the franchise tag the second year. Yeah. Minnesota fully guaranteed the deal. And then he came back, he got another fully guaranteed deal and now what you call him just gave him a hundred million fully guaranteed. Hey, so he got 50 this year. He got 50 last year, he got 40 this year. That's 90. He got another 10 next year. Hey listen, that's our child man.


God don't play by this children. He don't. But when, when it comes to Jare for the Mark Murphy Yes, sir. To say what he said, you think that's fair or file? You know what, what did you tell me? What, what did I tell you? I want owners. You say you want, you want the truth. More owners need to start speaking like this. Tell us How you Well, they don't really have a owner to have a ceo. They're the only team that only teach that that doesn't have ownership. Right. Yeah. I mean, listen, tell us how you really feel right now. The Bengals are in this situation right now. I mean obviously I, I know there's no one over there that, that would do that. But tell us why you really don't wanna pay it.


You know, it would be, it would be, it would be a breath of fresh air If we can get owners to speak out. Why don't really don't want to do thanks. Similar to what Mike Mur, what Mark Murphy did. You know what? We like him. We just don't feel we wanna invest that much money into him. We don't think he's right. Okay. He got, he got 17 and a half sacks two years in a row. But we don't Think you can do it for another year. Right. Just come out and say it. We don't see him. Yeah. As, as as a Michael Parsons or we don't see him as a a Miles Garrett type. He's a tier two deep as in come out and say it because if if, if it was anybody else, hell, if it was Miles Garrett, oh, you gonna get your money.


Well it's kinda like, I, I think, I think, who was it? Ranch Ricky Guy, one of the con one, one of a, a big contract. He said, what'd you hit last year, son? He said, I hit 3 50 17 homers and, and 85 rbis. He said, what place did we finish in the division? He said, we finished last. He said we could finish that without you. So I guarantee you Cincinnati's having this conversation. Yeah. Where did we finish with in defense with seven, when you got those 17 half sacks you were in defensive player of the year running. Where did we finish? Where did we finish defensively?


Okay, we can finish that without you. Yeah. And that, that's, and that's how they look Up. I guarantee they're having those conversations. Yeah. That Understand. We, you and I thinking Ocho it should be a no-brainer. The guy got 17 and half sacks. He did it one year. He didn't do it just one year. He did it two years. Yeah. So you like, okay, fine, cool. But a lot of times what the mistakes and sometimes, You know, it's better to wait, if you get t you save yourself probably $30 million. Right. If you signed him last year. If you go ahead and give, see now, if you gave Trey 28 million last year, he'd jump on that with both feet. Yeah. Now he sees where the market is going.


The market is not in the, in the, in the, the high twenties, low thirties. The market's in the forties. Yeah. You see, You know what, you see what you just said the way you just explained it about the timing of when Yes. Fighting to pay the players. And that's the difference in Brother Harry Roseman and Jeffrey Luie. Yep. The timing and when they decide to play players has always been impeccable. Yep. They always get 'em before it's too high. They Can, that's the Patriots motto. Yeah. They get 'em at the right time where it makes sense and it's almost to a point where it's team friendly in a sense because you can continue to build around them. Yep. And I, I I I, man I wish man, I Don I don't You wish more teams did that, huh?


Yeah. I don't give myself a shit. We previously spoke about the reports that Terry McLaurin is frustrated with the lack of progress on a long-term deal. Well, new reports say that scary. Terry is not attending Commander's mini camp. All these camps. Now OCHO are mandatory. There are no more voluntary. They're all mandatory ocho. How would the situation end? He don't get that money. Don't get his money. You know, I, you and I Gonna tell you receivers. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you how he gonna get his money. How you gonna get it? Shoot Jayden. Dave will go up there. Hello.


Who is it in Jayden. I need my number one quarterback. I need my captain. I'm not sure what you need to do on your end, but I know what I need on my end. I need scary Terry to get that money. So I had that, that, that safety net. So I had that individual to throw to the same one. Pull up the film from last year. I don't understand what the problem is. I don't know what we mulling around for. Get him his money. I still got two years before I'm up, so we gonna be all right. No, I'm going. Yeah, this year, next year. After next year, I'm gonna come see you too. And if I got him, that increases my value too. Thank you. Because I know I'm gonna put up big numbers and I see where it's going.


So I'm about, I'm trying to get 62. Damn. Oh, I'm trying to get, hold on. I tried to get Josh, I'm trying to get Josh Allen number 62. Josh Allen would've signed two years. I'm two years after Josh Allen. Right. I'm trying to keep, keep the market going. Okay. Okay. How much Josh Allen, how much Josh Allen got fully guaranteed. I tell you what, you ain't gotta gimme, you ain't gotta gimme, but 300 make it all guaranteed. 300. Josh Allen got three 30. How much is fully guaranteed? Two 50. He got a quarter, Billy, he got two 50 fully guaranteed.


Okay. Boom. That's me. So six years, three 30, I, I don't, I don't really care nothing about that. Tell me how much if it floods, if it's snow, if it's a a, a tornado, a rainstorm, I don't care. Tell me what I'm gonna be, what I'm going to get. So guess what, by that time Mocho 2 75, that gonna be go rate 2 75. Hey, so CJ Stroud gonna be in that, in that ballpark too then CJ Stroud up there after the season. Absolutely. Yes. And you better hold Patrick Mahome don't do say, You know what, I'm tired of all these jokers. Make it more than me. Give me my true value.


He wouldn't do that. He wouldn't do that. Saying Yeah, pat. Pat because he won, You know, I said he's made it abundantly clear. Yeah. He's like, he's doing great with money. He done great by him. He's like, look, I'm just trying to keep this team together as long as I possibly can, keep as many good players around me, all La Tom Brady as I possibly can. Hey. And plus the money that I make off the field can sustain my lifestyle. And it makes up for what he's not gonna make in contracts as opposed to other quarterbacks. It's taking a huge lump sum. Yeah. He's making, I, I think the thing is ojo, when you look at it, my homeboy, he's gonna be like Brady Brady's not the, is not the highest paid, was not the highest paid quarterback, even though he played the most years, he didn't make the most money.


Aren Rogers is at 408 million, I think. And then Matthew Staffer's at 3 91. Tom Brady, way, way on down. I mean, Tom Brady, listen, don't feel sorry for him. He made really good money. But Tom, it, it became painful. It came obvious to everybody. The most important thing was rings. It wasn't money because Tom realized as a quarterback, he was gonna be able to make money. Yeah. Now he's making 35 million or 37 million a year for 10 years. So he good. So he said, now, now look, I give y'all something to chase because y'all can pass me monetarily. I wanna see the dude that's gonna catch me with these rings. Ooh, who gonna get eight? Who gonna get seven? Who gonna get six while we talking about it?


I'm already there. I'm in the clubhouse. Right? He says, look, I've already shot under par. I'm in the clubhouse. Come catch me. Damn. So Goddamn Terry's like, look bro, I done been to the Pro Bowls. I done, I done, I done a thousand yard seasons. I don't really know what else y'all want me to do. I don't know. I I don't know what else I need to do to show you that I'm worth whatever I say I am. His situation is different. He's gonna get his money. It just about being patient and the timing of when it gets done. Miss mini cam to make sure you working out before the season starts, maybe before training camp.


You don't wanna miss another training camp you don't want. No, no, you don't. You don't do that. Don't do that. And I'm sure that the organization understands. You're going in a different direction. You're going in a different direction. You had a phenomenal season last year. You got things off. You got things off to a great start. Don't don't f it up. Don't f it up. Don't piss off the fans. You had a great season NFC Championship last year. Let's keep that momentum and consistency of greatness going forward in changing that culture.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. So at American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for apus preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour for undergraduate and master's level programs. American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


The NC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broan. You hope to See you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Did You know your credit card points and miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly would no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card. Now terms, apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk For more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 24th, score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Keebler cookies, Popsicle frozen treats, smart water, silk almond milk, Folger's coffee, and carry gold butter. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online for easy drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wow. Reports are saying coach wide, rece wide receiver coach Reggie Wayne. Reggie Wayne, that is Reggie Wayne is viewed as a possible interim head coach if Shane Steichen struggles to start the season. Ocho I, Ooh, I like it. You don't like it. Now here's the thing, You know, they're under, You know, Jim Erse rest his soul. Mr. Erse passed away a month ago. Yeah. His three daughters took over. I think his oldest, oldest daughter, although they all have roles, she is the majority. She makes the decisions because even if it's a family thing, the NFL wants, there'd be one voice, they want one person to be able to talk. Right.


And so she is the, she's the, You know, the oldest and I guess he, You know, put it in a situation where, okay, you handle this and it's gonna go accordingly. But that'll be very, very interesting because it's one thing to like, damn, all of a sudden we're thrust into this and we are running a a billion dollar corporation. A multi-billion dollar corporation is something entirely different. When you got a head coach situation in your first year, that's not something that, You know, you've been on a job for five, six years. Ocho you, you wanna kind of understand it. Right? But your first year, you gotta make that decision. I mean, listen, they've been around the game though. They've been around the game long enough.


Yeah, for sure. They're gonna be certain decisions that are, that are gonna be made that can be, You know, somewhat altering business decision and business decisions and, and that that is one of 'em. Listen, I'm not sure who made the call or who made the decision when Jeff, Jeff Saturday got the opportunity. Did Jim ever mee Jim Mee? So I, again, he, He loves his players. He's really close to his players. I mean, Yeah, so I mean, I think that, I think it would be a great, great opportunity for, for Reggie. He, he knows the organization, he knows the fan base. He, he understands the culture and, and, and what, what, not the fans, but what their organization needs to get Indy back to their winning ways.


Yeah, but here's the thing, Ocho, you have to understand. Jim Mercy had a personal relationship with Jeff Saturday. Yes sir. They're just, even though they're around, they don't have the same type of relationships. They haven't developed that and it's different. Male, female. You know what I'm saying? Don't you? Yeah. So going out, You know, Mr. Earth, say going out and drinking with, with, with Saturday and some of the guys is one thing. That's not what they're gonna do. They're not gonna have that same dynamic Right. As their father had. And so it, it, that's what, You know, I don't wish, I don't want Shane ti and I don't want him to man to lose his job, but I mean, this is Yeah.


A situation. They're just saying, they're just throwing stuff up. Like what if he eats struggles? Yeah. Shane is gonna be okay. Yeah. Shane is gonna be okay. Him losing his job is all predicated on how the quarterback play is Yes. Position the quarterback play is, that's all it comes down to. Yes. That's the, I don't want to call it the elephant in the room, but that's the goddamn elephant in the room. How well is a quarterback play gonna play? Because if the quarterback play is bad, he ain't gonna get you fired. That's what happens. And sometimes they play just good enough to get themselves, get the coach fired and them cut. Self cut. That's where Rich, rich used to tell us Richard Smith, he was our special teams coach.


Yeah. He said, son, you play just well enough to get me cut and you fired. So the, that's gonna be a tough, I mean, I, I, I think Houston's gonna be, You know, Houston's gonna rebound, even though they won the division last year, I think they'll be a little bit better. We're gonna be very interested to see how Jacksonville does this year. Yeah. They got a new head coach. They got Travis Hunter. We'll see Trevor Lawrence. Yeah. He, he gotta come back. He got to Brian Thomas Jr. Trav. Yeah. I'm, so, I'm excited. Hey, that, Hey, Jackson Jacksonville, man.


What that well, that, that stadium gonna be rocking. Boy, that stadium gonna be rocking Ocho Shane Steichen says, Anthony Richardson vi visited Dr. Neil TRO in Los Angeles to get a second opinion on his shoulder. Steichen says nothing has changed and the plan is to just rest the shoulder for now. There's no timetable on his return. Damn. So you ocho we start a race, we running, all of a sudden you catch a cramp or you get tired, your stomach start to hurt so you stop.


Yeah. You see what happens. It just, So Daniel Jones right now is the starting quarterback for the Absolutely 1000%. Okay. Daniel Jones isn't the answer either just FYI It all depends on, what's the question? Name the quarterback that went to Duke. He's the answer. When you say he's not the answer, I just need to know the question you asking first. Listen, Daniel Jones is not the answer. I don't care what people say about Anthony Richardson, him being hurt. He was inconsistent last year, whatever it may be. Daniel Jones isn't the answer either. And I'm then that's no disrespect to him. I'm, I'm just being honest.


We saw, we saw a, a large simple size of what he could do in New York and the biggest market Yes. Think it's market with some decent talent. The riding, You know, I think from too Many turnover, Man, from a supporting cash standpoint, it's a lot better than Indy for Oh, for sure. A lot more. Man. They got Jonathan Taylor in the backfield. Oh yeah. At those receivers. They got Pierce and, and, and, and, and Kim and Piman Junior. Yeah, absolutely. Oh yeah. They, they got some talent over there now. Oh, There's no, There's no a solid offensive line. Defense isn't bad. Yeah. With no excuse. If you can No, if you can't get it done here, then you are the problem.


Damn man. And I was damn Ocho I Boy turn turnaround. Yeah. For Anthony Richardson. Huh? Picked the wrong time to have this type of injury. Yeah, because like I said, maybe it's his AC Jordan or something like that. He went to the Curl and Joe Clinic out La Neil Tro remember I I was telling you about him. Oh, on. I know Dr. Tro. Why We waiting to do it now and not doing it when the season ended? I don't know. Did he have surgery then? Maybe, maybe he's throwing, because a lot of times, You know, they bring extra quarterbacks NOO because they don't want the quarterback throwing so much so early, so. Right. So soon and sometimes they just get dead arms and, You know, gotta, You know, I don't know how much he threw in the off season.


Right. You know, because as, as a pitcher, You know, you gotta throw. Right. He might, he might, he might be overdoing it. Man. There's a possibility of that too. We don't know. We just The same shoulder that he had surgery on Two years ago in. Yeah. Yeah. It's, if he's having, I think it's his AC joint, isn't it? He had, he had surgery after his rookie. Well, remember he missed, he only played, he only played like three or four games his rookie year because he got that shoulder and he had surgery on it. He got hit. They're saying that he landed on was experiencing soreness in that throwing shoulder that he had surgery on. Damn Lion's head coach Dan Campbell wants to have a live lion on the team sideline at Ford Field.


But the NFL said hell no. Despite on a Sheila Ford Amp approving it, Sheila said had no problem with it. But the league apparently frowned upon those type of things. You know what, he'll be a perfect college coach 'cause they, they'd definitely let you have anything. They'll let you have a Clydesdale, they'll let you have an elephant, a panther. Listen, LSU got LSU got one. A falcon fly down like, like at Auburn. Yeah. Campbell told Pardon my pardon my take ocho. I mean, you want a lion on the sideline? Hell yeah. Shit, I like that. So listen, that all that does, it gives me another idea. Obviously I'm not playing, but I could, can you imagine me playing for Dan Campbell, You know, back during those days and a lion on the sideline and I gotta, I get to come up with a celebration after scoring using the lion using our mascot.


Man, man. Yeah, I can see me jumping in the cage. I can, I can see that lion tear your ass up in that cage. NFL say the last thing the NFL won that infant lion mess around and bring up out that cage ocho. Well, don't know. Listen, don't nobody want no part of that, whether you got on pads or not. Because here's the thing, people don't realize. Like you see a lion on television and you like, ah, he ain't up. But when you see that mofo in person Of close. Yeah. All right. 400 pounds of all muscle. Hey, I want you to think about it for the people in the chat that have cats. Right? Just think about this, think about the people that have cats and how quick and agile your regular home domestic cat is.


Now you take a four, how, how much they weigh on 400, either 400 average, four male lion, Pound, lion, lion that has that same type of agility and quickness just for some reason they sleep 23 hours a day and can still jump out. Man, it's dog, their athletic unbelievable. Unbelievable. And they so damn lazy. Hey, they sleep half the day. They, hey, they hunt at night. Get their, get their little hunt on, get their little a and just chill. Yeah. What a life, Bro. Nah, I'm like I said, in college, You know, college, they let anything go. They have goats and they have rams and they have, You know, even Colorado, they gonna have ralphie running on the field.


Yeah. Or who is that? Oklahoma got boomer schooner boomer sooner. And that little, the little mini horses. Yeah. NFL said, nah, we good. I like it though. That that would be dope. That would be dope if, if they could to implement mascots that were, that that reference the teens but had the real mascot outside of just, well we got A, we got, we got mascot fun to run on the field every time this court touchdown The horse. Yeah. Yeah. See every team, I'm saying every team, the Bengals should have an actual Bengal tiger. I mean, I think it would be dope. It'd be fun. You got your damn mind. I'm, I'm just being honest. Well the Cowboys, they do have a cowboy.


I mean, So I've tried to figure out the Giants, how they gonna get a mascot, how tall they gonna be. You gonna be Dagg? Are you gonna be Goliath? The Giants? What is the Giants mascot? What, what's the a giant, that's it? Yeah. Okay. I like it. I like it. Trying, I'm just trying to figure out, so the Seahawk, the Seahawks having a Seahawk. Yeah. The Colts obviously having a horse. I'm, I'm I, I'd assume the Chiefs, that's easy. Who else we got Broncos? Abey. Obviously you have the horse Man, we got Thunder. Okay. What up? Panthers having a panther.


Oh, that would be dope. A black panther coming. Oh, that that'd be live. I'm trying to think what a ravens. It's easy to get a goddamn raven. Yeah, Buffalo Bills. Could you imagine if they had a a, a big bison. Oh, you want him to run out the field like Ralphie, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Get you a real bison man. Yeah, NFL neither. They might as well just, You know, try something different. The one thing about NFL, they do not wanna pay no money. They make all the money though. I know. That's how you keep it. You keep, keep it, you make it and you don't, you don't spit away with lawsuits. Yeah. Marvin Harrison Jr. Had been hitting the gym Ocho, even Kyle Murray couldn't believe how different Marvin Harrison Jr.


Looked when asked about his transformation. Kyle said hell, I thought it was ai. Yeah, he yoked up. He more than you Ocho. He got you. Nah, we about the same size. Nah, Ocho, he got you Ocho. I'm, I'm, I'm bigger. I'm bigger than junior. I'm bigger than junior. Nah, Trust me man. Trust me. You see Chad? What y'all think? Y'all think Ocho bigger than MHJ? All they gotta do. Look at me man. Look at this. Oh this is Man, look at him. No, look at me. Look at this, at this, this thi this is McDonald's man. What you talking about man? Yeah, see he got real good chicken breasts. You know he probably had some O broccoli.


Who me? Cauliflower. Maybe a little carrots, A Caesar salad, a salad, kale salad, arugula or something like that. Me. What you talking about man? What is real boy you talking about? Hey, my, hey I, I'm a full C cup. Like I can't, I gotta put, I gotta put my T, I gotta get a egg, a one size smaller T-shirt just to keep my chest down. You are still a small No. What this is a two x? No it ain't this. This is a two x from h and m. I can show you.


Show me H and m. See God dang you sent me some, some shorts. Who That? And talking about these are two eggs. What's that? God damn them thing. Little. Huh? That's what I'm saying. For two eggs. Hey, send me them Babe. You get on that reform.


Hey, what kind of shorts? The meals? They're supposed to be yoga shorts. Oh, They supposed to be small, huh? No they not. Not for me. Nah, You know, but You know, hey yoga, you supposed, I ain't never did yoga, but I'm supposed you supposed to be free. You know, really not. How about free with those little tiny ass things. But you don't want nothing baggy though. Hey, I gotta have, that's where I have to have a jock strap. Old man. So you supposed to have old baggy stuff in yoga. Oh no, you, you want, you wanna be free. Nothing That's free baggy. It's free, not constricted. Okay, I got you Joe.


I don't know. I Think you might have midsized these Joe. See hey with Joe at Joe, send me something too, man. The, so we'll, we'll see. We'll see it tomorrow Joe.


The volume When it's PC S time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University. We support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Okay. Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled in one of the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one mans enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Sargento, cheese slices, helman's mayonnaise, lay's, party sized chips and snacks and Triscuits. Then clip the offer. Offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings on top of savings when you shop in store or online. For easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic and A Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic and Zeep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future Health Data based on independent study, sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


This Is an iHeart podcast.