
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five, Dirk four page is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we type these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policy makers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This Is Mel Reed l PT tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Ura k Dixon NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, an IHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the Rack with DraftKings Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Oh Joe, my girl, the goat. Oh yeah. DT Diana TEI announced her retirement during her 20 seasons as a profession in a professional career. Four years in college. Early in 2000. All she did in WIN win, she played an entire WNBA career with the Phoenix Mercury, which drafted her first overall in 2004. In the WNBA draft. She retires from the sport as the WNB a's all time leading SCORER score. 10,646 points and in three point shooting 1,447 mm. Salute salute DT Real deal been the real deal.


I mean, I mean she won three national, she won three national championships at Yukon. She was most outstanding player. She was college player. The wooden award winner. She was state bar. She's, I mean she's as credentialed. Yes sir, as you can be. She's an MVP, she's a three time champion. And with the Mercury, she's a finals. MVPI mean her resume is complete. Her resume is complete. DT gets to walk away from the game. She walks away on her terms. 20 years is a long time. Hold on. I think what you call 'em play 20 years. Didn't Sue Bird also play 20 years? I think they might have been team, they might have been teammates for a year or two at Yukon, but DT salute job career.


Well, everything done. You walk away on your terms and You know, I I think she was alluding to it. Sue Birds play 19 seasons. Okay, so right now DT has the most seasons in WNBA history. At 20, she gets to walk away on her terms. OCHO and I I think that's, that's important. Many Many don't. And the question does, does, does she wanna put the work in of what's required to go through another WNBA season, another 40 game to put that kind of Yes sir. To do that all over again. I guess you said no. And when you think about it, there's really nothing else for her to accomplish.


No, because winning another championship o show doesn't change. And that's what I look at. Does winning another championship change the way you feel about said individual LeBron James can win three more MVPs and no three more MVPs and or, or three more anything And people gonna still say Jordan, Kobe, whatever the case may be. So with that being said, I definitely don't think there's nothing Diana DT could have done. Right. That's gonna change the perception. Phenomenal college career. I mean, when it comes to college career, I mean, only who Breonna Stewart that won four national championships.


She was a four time most outstanding player as far as You know, the college game. There ain't a whole lot of women that can say they got a better collegiate resume than DT With the championships. The, the winning, the mv, the the player of the year goal Number one overall. Damn, you kind of had a bunch of players go. Number one overall, DT went Number one overall. Maya Moore went Number one overall. Tina Charles went Number one overall. Paige Becker's probably gonna be Number one overall. Who else went Number one overall? Oh, Brianna Stewart went Number one overall. Dang.


I wouldn't be surprised I had to sue Bird or, or Rebecca. Lobo went Number one overall, but their story Franchise college program. DT man congratulate. Absolute man. Congratulations dog. Great, great, great, great, great, great career. Glad I got opportunity to meet you. Glad to say I know you and enjoy retirement. Oh yeah. Okay. Yukon have five. Number one overall picks. Sue Burn, Diana Generosity. Tina, Charles, Maya Moore, Breonna Stewart, I believe what you call 'em is going to be number six.


Paige Becker. Absolutely. So I mean they had Tina Charles in 2010 May Moore in 2011. Breonna Stewart in 2016. Sue Bird went Number one overall in 2002. DT 2004. Then Tina, Charles, Maya Moore, Breonna Stewart. Hey, how long now You know what this is, this is a good question that I don't know about when it comes to the WNBA, You know how NBI mean college, the male college students one year and they can leave. What's the rule for, for, for a female? I think they gotta stay. I think they gotta stay the whole while. I think So You think, you think there are any, any collegiate WNBA players that are ready to leave before they even reach their senior year?


You, you walk to ready to go Brianna Stewart was ready to go. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. You know what, and and I, I, there's a young lady, UNC, I don't know her last name and I'm sorry for the disrespect, but I continue to see her highlights all the time. When I tell you this young lady has a package like Kyrie Irvin in college, you gotta know who it is. She the only one I'm seeing. Oh, for Wall ain't from South Carolina, man. Well, I don't know what she learned to play basketball, but Jesus Christ. Yeah. Ojo to be eligible for the WNBA draft, a player must complete four years of college or turn 22 years of age during the year of the draft.


I think they should change that rule. Especially for the players that are, are much more polished than others that are actually ready to leave school. Yeah. I mean look, I think what you call 'em left early. Candace Parker, she's the only one off the top of my head. So She left her her junior Year. Ash didn't, I think. Yeah, I think Candace left her junior year. But I know she had another, but I mean she had won back Toback National Championship. She was outstanding. She was most outstanding player. She was a college wave player of the year. She was Wooden player of the year, if I'm not mistaken.


Look that up, Ash. We'll get back to it. But I I, I actually think that she left early. Paul George has taken a break from podcasting to focus on a championship. I wanna let the podcast, feed podcast p Family know that after today's episode with, with Dwight, I plan to take a break from pod, from the pod just to focus on getting my body right, getting mentally right, You know, help this squad make a push towards our goal to finish the season and give ourselves a chance to be in contention to complete compete or Championship. Can I ask you a question? Ocho you like that? Can I ask you a question? Yes. What's the, what's the, what's Philly's record again?


A whole lot of losses to very few wins. So Is there a chance? Honestly, realistic? No, I, they would have to go, remember I have said in order to to, they're like 20 games under 500. They need to win all they they need to win out. Yeah. Damn. Is that even possible? No. I mean, the Lakers won 33 games in a row. The heat won 27 games in a row. I mean, maybe somebody's one 20, but I think the Rockets might have somebody. Yeah, I mean, listen, I, I I like, I like, I like the decision, You know, in a sense. But I also like Paul George having the platform to, to voice his opinion.


To talk about the game. Talk about any other things he want, other, any other things he wants to, wants to talk about when it comes to the aspect of his game, regardless of him being hurt or, or, or hampered or injured right now, people would want to hear from him. I think the pressure probably coming from inside the house, You know, we're not playing well right now. You're not playing well as you should be. We're not winning. We think you should cut the podcast out. I, I, I You Oh, oh, Joe. You don though. Yeah Man, I do. Everything is magnified when you losing, bro. Everything is magnified When you lose, bro.


We couldn't sit on a helmet like we lost the game. 'cause I'm sitting on my helmet in practice. That's why you think we lost. I remember them days. Oh, my shoes untied. I didn't have my shoes tied when I walked on the field. Man, You know everything. The locker room junkie, man. Ain't nobody picking up the towels. I mean every, but hey, what do you do? You try anything? I mean, one you losing, you try anything to get outta that losing streak. I mean, you dress a certain way, you win a game like Right. And I'm wore the same outfit because that's what we did. I wore the same suit every, oh, we went on the road in nine seven. Oh, in the playoffs. Oh, we beat we beat Kansas City. Hey, y'all better not change that suit. We went to Pittsburgh, beat Pittsburgh.


Well y'all better, y'all better wear 'em same suits to the Super Bowl. Yeah. The mind don't show. We done trick. We done. Hey, it was what we had on super Statistician. Kansas City didn't know we wore the same outfit. You know, we outfit Gary Bay didn't. But I commend him. He know he's catching flack, bro, you playing bad and you got a podcast. You need to be practicing. You need to be getting ready. You know, You know how's Listen when you, when you losing this People, that's what, that's what probably, that's what probably they're saying. Maybe management came to 'em and said, bro. Yeah, you may. Yeah. Doing too much podcast. Yeah. I mean it's, everything has has magnified when you lose it, huh?


Everything. Everything. It is. I just like the fact that Paul George has a, has a platform. He knows the game. He's still active playing the game and just being able to talk about it. You know, people want to hear from him, You know, Whether you lose Whether you losing or winning, You know, he has the knowledge of it. But, but I I I kind of understand, You know, the backlash he's getting. I do too.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone. Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Hero. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Paige? Five Dirt. Four Paige Is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad 'em, I left 'em off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we Absolutely. I love It. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you.


There's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some golf apps and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between.


By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather, McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is the app. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast.


Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Ocho a 29-year-old man is seeking advice from Reddit community after ending a relationship with a woman who had not previously disclosed.


Disclosed, she was a mother. The man explained that he had been dating this 25-year-old Julia about a month and was caught off guard when she mentioned having a seven month old baby. Baby. I was taken aback. I honestly thought I'd misheard her. I thought maybe she was talking about a younger sibling. Oh. But when I ask her, she act casually confirmed. She has a seven month old baby. He says he had been enjoying time with Julia up until that point. While he adds that, he adds that he doesn't judge single mothers. He felt blindsided by the information and uncomfortable with the prospect of becoming a stepparent. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, women, women have to, there's certain things with certain men, depending on what they put it all on the table.


Hey, listen, put it all on the table right away. Let let 'em know. There's some men having kids non-negotiable. I can't do it. I I can't do it. Then there's some people like me. If you don't have at least two kids, I'm not even looking at you. I ain't even look, I ain't even, I'm not even looking at you. If you ain't got at least two, that, that's just me. That's just my preference. Why two? Now everybody else, they ain't rocking like that. Why? You want, why do you want, why do you want to date only wanna date females that have kids? What is it about that? Well, women that don't have kids, most of the time, 98.9% of the time, they never have no goddamn food in the refrigerator. And they don't have no snacks in the pantry.


And they always wanna go out to eat. And they wanna put on and, and and, and, and, and give looks. I don't care about you dressing up. I don't care about you taking pictures of your food. Do you have snacks in the pantry? Do you have Capri Suns in your refrigerator? Do you have oatmeal pies? Do you have zingers? Like I need nourishment at three in the morning when we have a little activity horizontal at that. There's a difference. Unc I've dated women in my lifetime when I was younger, way younger, spend the night and ain't no food, but they always wanna go out to eat what we going to eat today. What you mean you ain't got nothing at home?


No. Going in the refrigerator. Unc refrigerator empty. Ain't no food. Every time I, a woman that has kids, there's a certain routine. Structure of discipline because she always had to feed the child or feed the kids. Man, listen boy, 3, 3, 3, 4 in the morning and you go up there and get, get one of them, get one of the kids Lunchables in the Capri sun. Man, stop playing with me man. Stop playing with me. Well the mere fact that he says it uncomfortable with the prospect of becoming a stepparent lets me know that he dates with intention. Right. So do I I I date with intention two because if you got two, if you got two, yeah, we gonna make it three.


If you got three, we gonna make it four. If you got four, we gonna make it five. That the hell you say, Why You laughing? Boy homie, you laughing. Why ain't playing? I don't Care. Nothing. No, but I'm just saying I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm like, I I it sounds like he was genuinely hurt. Yeah, he was. And he really liked them. He was, but he was, I mean, just, just put it out on the table. Hey, you having any kids? Yeah. Three. Well See what, Listen, when I was there, Hey, you got kids? Yeah. How old are they? Ex-wife. Hey, because I'm, I'm gonna put it all out there. You okay? Oh, and then you, you, you determine, I, I guess it's different ocho 'cause a lot of times when guys have kids, the kids doesn't necessarily, they don't have physical custody.


Like 90, 95% of the, the the woman, the woman, the women do. So I think that's the difference why women is like, and some women like, nah, you got kids. That's a no-no. 'cause I ain't dealing with no baby mama. I'm not dealing with no ex-wife. Right. And I totally get that. Yeah. But a lot of times women are willing to like go past that because a lot of times the men doesn't have physical custody. So the child is not there all the time with women. More times than not. Yeah. I'm not saying all. So don't jump on night. I'm saying a lot the majority of the time. Yeah. The women have custody, physical custody. Not to say the child doesn't have, he can go to his parent maybe, I mean the mom or, or the dad like on the weekends.


Or maybe they alternate every other week, but more times than not, the mother have physical custody. Yeah. So, Yeah. You know, uncle, that's, you gotta think, especially when you young, some of the young, some of the young bulls, You know, just starting out that might wanna start their own family, don't want to deal with a woman that already has kids. He probably knew that, which is why she didn't bring it to the forefront and say it in the beginning. There are some women that are very assertive and, and intensely let You know, well listen, this is what I got this, we, we are a package deal. So if you're not willing to take me and, and Lil Ray, Ray and Cece, we're going about your business, You know? Right. Won't go about your business there. There's some women that, that don't care in the field. They will find a man that meets their standards and check some of the boxes that will be able to accept their kids.


I mean, I, I'm, I'm, I'm one of those. I don't care. I I I don't care. You know? Especially if, if especially if they old. Oh man, come on man, come on now. Yeah. So, bro, I don't know if, if the Reddit community can't help you, that's a decision you're gonna have to make on your own. Yeah. And it seems like you, like you, like you're convinced. I mean, for me, I mean if y'all, if she was as as good that, I mean the mere fact that you thought about becoming a stepfather that lets You know where your head is. Like, man, you really like this one. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. But that's a lot too UNC though, Because everybody ain't dating with intention on other Yeah. Hey, but listen, now you gotta think about it. Yes. That's a lot unc to come in to come in and have the mindset.


You know, some people see it as, oh nah, I ain't doing that. And, and have to take care of or raise someone else's child. Somebody else's responsibility. Yeah. Yeah. That, that, that's tough. My uncle, you gotta, you gotta be built different. You gotta be wired mentally different. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. That's a, that's, that's a, that's a, that's a tough t that's a tough task. It's a tall task. It, and it's one I'm willing to, it is, it's one I'm willing to take. I climb any lap. I, I think, well, I think the thing is for me, the kids, but the other co-parent. Mm. How is he? Okay. Because you gotta realize if she got kids, there's somebody on the other side that also has kids.


Mm. What's he like? Mm. Like That Is he gonna just be popping up and oh, oh, you think you got this in? You think he all that? Right. I can't do that. Yeah. I ain't know. I ain't, I can't do the drama. I can't be out somewhere and he pop up. I can't take the kids to go get a haircut. Why you get, why you let this boy four get my son haircut? Yeah. I ain't know. I ain't, I ain't never had, see, I ain't never had no problem. I ain't had no problem. No, but I'm just, I'm just, I'm just saying. Right, right, Right. Yeah, But You know, because I saw, I saw the thing, the dude, the, the, the boy had the, he the guy, I guess the guy, maybe it was a stepdad.


Yes sir. Or maybe it was a guy she was dating. He had the little boy to get a haircut. Right. It put the barber in an uncomfortable spot. Oh, why you got my son? I ain't telling him he can get No. Oh Lord. Yeah. That, that, that's a lot there. See, but all, all that, all that has to be discussed beforehand. All that has to be discussed beforehand. Right. If you have a child with someone and you're getting rid to date someone and the child is not his, therefore I think the father should meet. So there's an understanding. You know, now when you, when you, when you do it your way and you're vindictive with the father of your child and you date anyway, even if you do have intent and you don't respectfully let him know, okay, this is who I'm dating, this is who I'm going to be dealing with.


You can come and meet him, whatever, whatever. So he's comfortable with that if he does decide, because you have to treat my son as if it's your own. Correct. Yep. You're absolutely right. Don't, Joe. I mean, I've been in that situation. Look y'all happy with this, y'all happy with this guy? Y'all trust him. I'm gonna trust y'all. Judgment. Yeah. I'm gonna trust your judgment. Yeah. Everybody ain't built for that. Oh boy. But, But long as my kids don't come back with no report. Yeah. We gonna be good. You good? You good? Now y'all know me. Yeah, yeah. Okay. I Tell you one thing. Okay. More kids the better. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what they, I don't know what they be talking about on Twitter, You Know, but nah, my pockets can't stand that.


Sure. This ain't For you. It's time for last segment of show. It's time for q and a. Wait, we just started. We well you spent 15 minutes. Oh, you ran. I ain't Even get, I ain't get to talk about my house. House. We gonna get, okay, tell us about the house. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. Hey, so, so Chad, I got Yep. Look at it. Look at that. Look, look at that. Look. You see the lake back there on, you see the lake back there? Yeah. That's where I can go fishing. So this right here, seven thou, seven, 7,000 square foot, six bedroom out there, out there in, in, in Davy. I went in, went and looked at it this morning, put a little, little, little, little little moula and escrow.


So my little apartment I'm in right now, right. So I'm trying to time it perfectly. I'm my move in, my move in is April. So I'm trying to time it perfectly and get my furniture. So everything is set. What I'm gonna do first, my game room, I need my boot, my Boost, Mobile sign. I need it up. I need up, I need that up. I need my PC and everything set up first. Then I'll work on the rest of, I'm gonna work from the bottom up and I'm gonna start with my game room first. I'm not even gonna have no bed. I don't need no bed. Long as I have my stuff set up for Nightcap. And You know, I'm, I'm, I'm happy, happy, happy about that again. I told you man, God has blessed, God is blessing the kid. Man, I'm happy. You know, I got a little three car garage and thanks to, thanks to Nightcap, thanks to The Volume, thanks to you for the opportunity.


You know, life has been unbelievable. And I told you all, all, all 2025, I'm cutting up, I'm put, I'm putting that shit on. I curse. I had to say that. I'm putting that shit on All season long. All 2025. And then after this year, I'm going back to targeting h and m. I just want to have some fun. I wanna enjoy the fruits of my labor and the work that I put in. And that's pretty much it. But again, thank you Ash. Thank you. I'm enjoy the fruit of my label, but I ain't got no money. So I'm, You Know, this whole, You know, you want me to see that 5,200? That would be nice. I'm, I'm sitting, I'm sitting pretty heavy over here now. I see. Yeah, I see. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you, you, yeah. You talking back Break bread.


I'm gonna break. Next one are the two, some getting broken parody accounts are morning via today. The NBA Sentel seems to have been shut down on Twitter. RIP Sentel. Oh man. Did you ever get sent, did you ever get like that stuff that you like? Oh man, they, this Happened? Yeah. Yeah. It got, it got me once they, they got me once they, they got me once. And listen, it's always something funny too. That was, that was a very entertaining count. They get, you didn't pay attention. They, they, they'll, they'll, they'll trip you up. What? Why you thinking Ash? What, what happened? Oh, somebody's probably suing them.


She says Yeah, they took the whole account down. Oh man. So, I mean, you think they got suspended? Normally, normally accounts get suspended, You know, you curse And Twitter, You, you, you mess around with the Guy. Twitter, first of all, Twitter's like the wild, wild west. Definitely anything goes, I mean, hey, I mean you can't even block nobody now. They can still, I mean they can't respond to you. But it used to be you block 'em, they couldn't see your content. They still can see they can't respond anymore, but they still can see. Right. Yeah. Twitter's the wild, wild West. Twitter's, anything goes. Yeah. X, X, X, XX it's called, it's called X.


Yeah. But yeah, anything goes, not Ocho. So for them to yeah, to remove it themselves or have someone remove it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I mean you could damn near do anything you want to on X and Yeah. Hey, matter of fact, man, yeah, you listen, you got, hey on boy. When you open X in public, you gotta be Careful. I ain't gotta be careful 'cause I ain't on none of them sites. Especially if you got your sound. If you got your sound up, boy, you listen, you open up and you open up Twitter, X, whatever you wanna call it. And porn just be popping up All the time. Nah, I don't get that. I mean, people have said that, but I don't get that popping up on mine, so No, you, you don't.


Hey, hold on. Did you follow Ms B nasty? You ain't going? No, she gonna slide your DM if you don't fall her back. I don't want my couch. I don't want my couch shut down. Like NBA sentel. Nah, you ain't gonna get shut down. Hey, don't be scary man. You gotta stand on business now. You done shot the shot. She done shot back. Now you, you y'all in limbo. You scared of you scared. Nah, it ain't go in until you, until she, yeah. Hey, can I ask you a question? Like you can tell me, we family pretend that chat ain't here. Are are you nervous about What?


I mean, does she make you nervous after seeing her content? Does that make you nervous being that she's so experienced and you not ready for that? I ain't Seen her content. Oh, I had to put on the content man. I go on the con Why you to me like that? Hey, see you try to get me to go on the content then that then what you call them, they shut my account down. Nah, they going, listen, it's no her, I mean her, her content that, that, that, that it's okay, that's welcomed, You know, on the site. You know Elon Musk said it is freedom what? Freedom of speech and freedom of of expression. Yeah. So those that, that do that type of content, You know, I salute them.


I support them and, and I'm, I'm with you as far as freedom of, of expression and, and that's your body and what you like to do in the private of your home. You wanna make it public. Yeah. So be it. But you need to check out our content. You, you would probably answer and, and, and you'd probably answer, Probably check out content I answer yesterday, huh? Yeah. Boy, you would've answer last year, Man. Used do. I'm I'm just saying. Yeah, that parent accounts got a lot. Parity accounts get a lot of people because you like, man, that's Yeah, they funny too. Huh? That seems so real. And then you look at it like, man, this it be hustling. They got me. Yep. Oh, Joe Aisha Curry says her marriage to Steph comes before this or four kids.


I think for us, our relationship always comes first then we're parents. And that works for us because then you have two happy people raising kids in a house. So family sector in our lives always comes first. Ocho like dislike, you see, you understand. Listen, I, I don't, I don't, I don't know the rules of marriage. I don't know the rules of marriage, You know, and or the guideline or the rule book and, and, and as a wife on the way you're supposed to conduct yourself and the way things are supposed to go. But I'm assuming if Aisha Curry is saying it, that is the way it's supposed to go. Now my grandmother's no longer here to, to correct me if I'm wrong.


My mother is no longer here to correct me if I'm wrong. So for me to be able to answer that question, I, I'm, I'm assuming that's the way things are supposed to go. Always husband first and kids after that. Yeah, a lot of a, a lot of lot of therapists say that. Go ahead. Okay, now I I was just, I was just, I was just gonna ask you, I've seen many scenarios. I'm not sure if you've seen 'em on Twitter before. If, if, if, if the, the, your wife is in trouble and your child is in trouble, You know, who do you say first? I've seen many scenarios like that. And, and this, this, this almost sound not sound similar to that, but how Aisha is picking the husband first, You know, in general in any scenario and the kids coming Unified front.


Okay. Okay. I, I mean look to each his own. Look Ocho I I I do my very best to stay outta people's homes. Right? Their relationships, how they do things. Because a lot of people, You know, a man, I can't believe you did that to your daughter. I can't believe that's how you was, but that's how I was. That's that's my home. That's how I raised, that's how I brought my kids up. So somebody else, I, Hey, I believe that's, that, that's a great way to do things. We, we first we gonna make sure we are happy then we, if we are happy, everything is unison with us, the kids gonna be going to be Gucci. Yeah. So, so, But obviously some people say no, the kids first, kids come first.


Well, I know my, I know my girl. My, it wasn't no kids first. It was PopPop first, Right? Oh, so, so ate even back then. Even that, that's the traditional Hell yeah. Okay. Okay. Hell yeah. What Barney party ate first. First, Right. He got what he wanted to watch. And now he, we watched what he wanted to watch. Now as the girls got older, my aunts and 'em got older. They ain't wanna watch the news all night. Right. So when he come home, we already know we had to turn the tv. Right. So he'd be home, they come sit down and You know, he like, he wouldn't turn.


They get up and go in the room. All right, come back. Y'all can watch what the hell y'all want. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Ain't nobody wanna watch no roll Conki and David Briley, they watch the news all night. Right. But You know, as you get older on you, that's, he wasn't interested in anything else. I mean, he used to love westerns Western when I was a kid or so, the westerns were good. Gun smoke and all big, You know, I think Big Valley was another one. But yeah, that's the way my grandfather and grandmother was. My granny came first to him. Obviously Barney Porter came first and everything and the kids came next. Right. That's, that's how it was. It wasn't no, if you ask papa something and he said no, you go ask Granny.


No, no, no. What you got killed for that? Nah, that, that don't work. That listen. That, that ain't work. 'cause when I, when I was young, now there, there would be some times when I asked my grandma something and then she suggests, how about your go ask your grandfather, but she not gonna say no. And think I'm finna turn around and go ask my grandfather. Man, please not in that household. She already just say go, go ask your go, ask, go, ask, go ask, go ask your papa. And the funny thing is, because She wasn't gonna say, she wasn't gonna say yeah or nay anyway. Yeah, it's him. He, he had He gonna say no anyway. And if he said no, that was the end of it. Don't, yo, That's it. You might run to like, man can't do nothing.


What Say, say that. Under who? Under who? Breath. Yeah. Okay. Bad but hey, look here. He quick. My grandfather told my aunts all the time. He said don't grumble and stay grumb and leave. He said, tell me what I'm more for. I am at your place. Yeah. Don't tell me I ain't no, I'm a no good. You know what, at my place, get your own. There's a, there's a woman. She got married, she's vegan. The wedding was all vegan. Take a look. Bride shared on Reddit that her and her now husband had been vegan for the past three years. So it only made sense that they have an all vegan wedding reception. Wedding came around. Everything was going according to plan.


Until the bride noticed that her brother, Tom was not in his assigned seat. During the reception, 20 minutes later, Tom returned carrying 20 boxes of pizza with his cousins and distributed it to the guests saying that it was real food Ocho Well hold on, Hold on that now that, that's the bride fault. That's the bride fault. If you're having a wedding and you're inviting people to a wedding, you have to appease the people at the wedding. If everybody at your wedding isn't vegan, you can't force me your vegan food. Agree. Whether you pay $15,000 for it, $15,000 for it or not. And if you spent 15,000 on vegan food, you use a food, excuse my language, I apologize. I apologize to the, to the couple.


You don't spend no 15,000 on the food because you, you, you invite people, you send out the, you send out, what do you, what do you call it? You send out the invite, right? Invitations. Yes. Invitations. You make calls and ask who eats vegan? Who is vegan and wants a plate of vegan food. Those who are not vegan. Yeah. Listen, your price, you might have spent a thousand dollars there. That if that's the case. Yeah. Because ain't nobody gonna eat that best, but you and your husband. Exactly. That's the whole point. Only a select few people are gonna be vegan that are coming to your wedding. So you gonna force everybody to eat something that they're not. That's not how you conduct yourself at a wedding. When you get married, you gotta appease your guest. I think the thing gonna kill you gotta have a look.


I, I don't start, I, I ain't finn to tell you I ain't been to one. I ain't never been to a wedding reception. So I couldn't tell you what to have. But you probably, you probably see this is why, this is why we going before the justice of the peace and that way we go there. Whoa. Time out, time out, time out. But if you get married, boy I need a ceremony. Boy. It is. I that justice little piece. I'm trying to catch the, what you call that thing. They throw back The bouquet. I'm trying to catch the bouquet. Whatcha talking about I need a C Listen, I know when you get married, I already know who it is. I know who it's gonna be. Yeah.


I I wanna be there. Nah, I ain't spend, look, first of all, I ain't spending that kind of money. Whoa. Wait, wait a minute, wait a minute. You don't have to, you could have a wedding for $10,000. I could have a wedding for, I can have a wedding for 2 75. The justice of a peace. But hun, we listen, you need people wanna see that. You got family, you got family. You my brother, my sister, my mom, my kids, her brother, her sister, her his, her mom, her 15 people crowd in the courtroom. You forgot about the Nightcap team. You forgot about the Nightcap moderators. You forgot about the fan of Nightcap. Only people I zoom up. Y'all On the phone?


Yeah. Nah, nah, I need something. Well, if you go to the justice court, peace, you just throw it in court. You throw the bouquet in court, then I'm gonna catch it in there. Well, I I guess they throw something else. They throw a guarder. What, what else they throw? They throw something else. So they throw. That's for the women, ain't it? Well what the, Well who throw the guarder? Well that's for the men. Yeah. Which one? Nah, nah, nah. No. Ain't nobody throwing nothing. What You Mean? Ain't nobody throwing nigga? Throw the bouquet. You can't throw the bouquet in the ju in in, in the justice at the courthouse. Yes you can. If it, it's never been nothing before you could do it. Hell, I couldn't celebrate when I was playing, but I still did it, didn't I? Listen, I'm gonna catch the bouquet and the guard.


I'm catching both of 'em. Why you wanna catch? You already gonna be married. Who You To? Who? I don't know. Yeah, to. Yeah. I don't, I don't know. I I don't know either. I I got, I got, I got an idea. Me too. I do too. Yeah, but look, like I said, I don't, I don't Guarantee, I guarantee your idea wrong. I don't know what the, the protocols are for wedding. I don't know sir. If you kind of like, You know, I mean if you go, if you come to my wedding expecting seafood, ain't gonna be none there 'cause I'm allergic to it. Right. So if y'all come, you thinking y'all eat crafter and, and lobster, lobster, crab legs, scallop, shrimp, oyster.


Right. It ain't going, it ain't happening like that Right now. You right. Y'all have some, some barbecue. I like barbecue. We'll have some oxtails. You gonna get messy. So, Hey you, hey babe, go ahead and take your dress off because we eat oxtail. It's gonna Get Creighton. So lemme tell you. Lemme take, lemme tell you something, lemme tell you about my wedding. See, my wedding is, it is gonna be, it's gonna be a melting pot of different cultures and ethnicities foods. Okay? So Whether you Haitian, you, you, you, you're Latino, you're Jamaican, you bahamian. It's gonna be it, it's gonna be a little bit of everything. I ain't playing extra for all that. Huh? I ain't paying extra for all that.


No, no s Ain't nobody said you ain't had to pay for it. You ain't gotta pay for it. I already got the caterers. I already got the caterers. And they doing it just, they doing it out outta love, outta love for me and Nightcap. Okay. Like that's my, my wedding theme is the Nightcap wedding. And we going to stream it live on Nightcap. No, but I $15,000 for all vegan food. I mean, that's ridiculous, man. I mean, ridiculous mean you, first of all, You know your family, You know your family don't get down like that. You know, your family don't get down like that, don't you? I know my, I know what my fam for the most part, I know what my family eat and what they won't eat.


So why would I bring something that just me and my wife would eat? Right? I already know. My kids not eating that. My sister, my mom, my brother, they not eating that. My homeboy not eating that. So now we spend 15,000 or whatever we spent for the food, then it's going to waste. You know what she spent fif she spent $15,000 thinking about herself. Not nobody else. They about be serving people $50, thinking about herself and not the guests. I'm thinking about the guests. I'm thinking about the people. Yes. I want you to have a good time at my wedding. There's a reason why I'm gonna have a live band. There's a reason I'm gonna have Kiki Wyatt singing.


Huh? There's a reason I'm gonna have Brian McKnight singing. There's a reason why I'm gonna have, You know, I got another surprise. I don't wanna tell nobody. Huh? There's a reason I'm having different dishes from different ethnicities, ethnicities and backgrounds at my wedding because I want everybody to enjoy they self. Well there's, there's a reason why I'm have a karaoke machine with a tip with a $5,000 prize. Where sing the Best song. Well, you need to have my oysters. I need you to have fried squirrel. I need you to have big racoon. I need you to have bull dick onions. What? Bull nicking onions. I would need, I would need to have some of that. A oxtails pigtails, Turkey necks pig.


Hey, listen, I can have, I'm gonna have, I'm gonna have three of those. I'm gonna have three. I'm gonna have 3, 3, 3, 3 country meals right now. I can't give, I can't give 'em all. 'cause you can't take up all the room chicken feet. I'm, I'm gonna have a section for you. Don't worry about it. Chicken feet. I like, I like chicken feet. I like chicken feet. Oh, that was, Hey you talking About boo? What? Y'all better? Y'all better wake up. Bull What? Bull nigga Onion. Yeah, that was funny.


Hi, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Who do You know on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now? Everyone. Right. These game changing weight loss meds are everywhere and Future Health makes it easy to get started. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page Of five. Dirk four Page is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love It. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LP gto, winner and six time Lady G repeat winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather, McMahon, Amanda Tis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and round up of the weeks top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yes, Ocho. Yeah. Scientists have discovered that cockroaches milk is four times more nutritious than cow's milk. So they, they lying. This milk contains protein crystals, rich and essential amino acid energy dense nutrients. Making it a potential food source. I never know They lying. They lying. All my bro, I'll be like, Mr. Grant, I'll be like Mr. Glass. Hey Unc, they lying Like Samuel Jackson. Every time I take a step it break. I ain't drinking no cockroach milk A answer. Me this unc answer me this. Yes. How do the scientists know? Who do they do to test on? Don't, don't tell me about you ran the test on lab rats and compared lab rats drinking cockroach milk compared to the lab rats drinking regular milk and using that as your scientific study to say that cockroach milk is more better or is better in any way.


Man, if you don't stop playing, stop playing with us. Stop playing with us man. Ocho, it's 2025 now. All of a sudden, cockroach milk. Yeah, roaches. Okay, well I tell you what Ocho we gonna get us a show. Unc and OCHO eats first place we going, we going down south. I know this place. Bullic and onions. Me and you. Now You know what? It it one, one thing about it. I try anything. I won't try to do that. I know you would. I eat the bull. That what I'm talking about This I do anything once. Nah, I ain't tried no cockroach milk. Man. Ain't nobody come on. Huh? Come on, come on. What happen? Oh wait, wait a minute. What happen if you on the show?


Fear factor. Fear factor. You, you ain't gonna try it? Nope, I ain't going no fear factor. I'm glad, I mean, I, I remember fear factor. There are some things that I could eat right. Like them raw, raw stuff. But I ain't eating no cockroach. I ain't eating no bugs. Ugh. Oh now listen, now Ants chocolate covered ants is a delicacy in some, in some countries. They ain't have no chocolate. They ain't have no chocolate? No. That it, they was eating. Oh, that was just in the bug. Ah nah. Hell nah. I'm just, I'm just saying I've traveled to some countries where frog legs. Frog legs. Yeah. I've had frog legs. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Frog legs, pigtail, chicken feet, chicken necks.


I've had all that. Mild oysters, hogs and cattle. Yeah. Yes. I've had Turkey. Turkey oysters. You didn't know Turkey had oysters, did they? Turkey, Turkey balls. There was this place, there was this place in Greeley, outside of Greeley called Bruce's. And they was famous for mountain oysters and they had 'em all, they had Turkey, they had cow, they had hog and You know, hey, Hold on. So you, you eat chitlins too, right? No, hell no. Oh, here you go. So you eating frog legs, you eating all this stuff. You naming but you won't eat chitlins. They stink Too bad.


What you mean? If you have someone that knows how to clean chitlins, right. It should be no problem. But you either. That's a lie. Chitlin stink. When they're clean correctly and cooked correctly, they do not smell. They do smell. And I don't want 'em now. I eat them all. I eat them all. Hold on. So frog lays and stink. Pig don't stink pig. Don't Think no pig. Oh, but I, I mess with pig feet. I go to, I go to San Hey, we go to Costco and get that big old jar right now. I ain. Go get 'em. Yeah, but I'm saying they stink though. They stink the same way. Chitlins stink Chitlins. Oh my goodness. Hey. Ooh. At some point you gonna have to evolve.


Now we just talked about this at the top of the year, I'm evolving. You said in 2025 you're gonna try new things first. Listen, two things, two things I need you to write down for me. Okay? Two things that you're gonna do before the year ends. You gonna try chitlins and you gonna eat some as. Oh no, tell. Okay. Gimme the chitlins. Gimme a plate of 'em. A five pound bucket. Gimme a five pound bucket. Man, you, you, you outta gas on that one. Don't you Give me the bucket of chi lists, Okay? Okay. Here, let's take one off the list. Chitlins and at least sucking toes. Missionary with crushed eyes. Sheds.


Come on. You gotta live man. I'm telling you, you not gonna make it like this. You talking about getting married. Ain't nobody marry you at the justice center if you ain't sucking no toes. Ocho, you give Ms B nasty my number yesterday. You see me Ms. B Nasty. Oh, Oh, oh, oh. You know what I, I, I forgot. I'm gonna send it to her. She in the chat. What she, what she Yeah. Ms. Nasty. She called Me. What she say? She looking for you unc? Yeah. Yeah. You don't be scared too. Now this is your time unc. This is your time to shine. Hey you talking about Super Bowl? This, this is your Super Bowl in life. This your real, this is your Super Bowl. Hey Unc. What, what's really going on?


Where Your roast sparks at? I need you to get about take four 'em things. You hear me? Unc? Don't let us down. Don't let the Chat down. Oh Lord. There y'all go. Don't let the chat down, but you Hey, you and me be nasty. I'm telling you. And that's a movie you can make right there. Boy. Man. Yo, you, you'll be off one. Don't, yo, I got lip Ocho. Hey, You blushing too. Look how you blushing. Oh, bless you, man. You try to get me, you tried to get me kicked off. A, a, a YouTube. We curse. We Just got, we just got back to YouTube. Good graces. We, we didn't curse. We didn't say nothing bad. We, we just said Ms.


B nasty. She sent a message to you yesterday. So I responded to her message and said, I can send you his number. Si. Now, I didn't wanna be disrespectful and just give her your, give her your number without your consent or the green light. But right now you can let the people know on the, on the chat, you can let her know if it's okay. Now, if you consent to me sending her your number, then so be it. Or I could just tell her, sis slide in the dm. Slide in the DM and he'll respond. You need Jesus. We need to go to, we need to go to Bible study. Oh, Listen, Hey, I just got baptized last week 'cause the, the, the last one was wearing off. So I know I'm good now. I, everything in my life done reset.


Well, it wasn't in salt water because them sins ain't float away. Oh, well that, that's why, that's why I asked for forgiveness. I asked, I I I repented, Man. I wonder what somebody was talking about Ms. B Nasty. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You is. You done call you. I already know. I should have known you was rack smack dab in the middle of some bull jive. No, it, it wasn't me. Unc. Listen, she saw a picture of you. BET posted on top of the, of the picture of you. You were sharp too Now you were sharp Now, I ain't gonna lie. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know little so's up. I threw off. You was Ca as sharp. She saw. Oh, I saw your boy Coleman Dominguez too. Yeah. Hey, that's, hey, that's my uncle, that boy. Oh, he put that, he put that s on too.


He, He put it on. Now he at, he does at a different level. Now I need, I need to go to those type of places. Red carpet events where I can, I can put that, that type of at tire on, but I don't go nowhere like that. But listen, she wrote something on top of the picture. 'cause you was sharp. Now I ain't gonna lie to you. At 10 to 10, you was a 10. She said, I don't wanna say what she said, but I went on top of the message and said, listen sis, I can send you his number if you need be. I ain't see it. And I left it at that. It's up there. Chat. Send it to him. Somebody please send it to him. Yeah, y'all send it to me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She wants you on. Listen, it's 2025. Y'all been going at it for two years now. You might as well make it happen.


Y'all make a good couple too. Boy, you man, look at, You know what, man? I ain't gonna ever be able to live that down. I just want you to live a little bit. That's all. I ain't ever be able to live that life, man. You know, people just, I mean, Hey, that, hey, that they Killed me. Hey, Beyonce killed, they killed. They, they were killing me at the show. Hey, that was funny, boy. I, I reposted that on my story. Lord, have mercy. Listen, I, Hey, I'm the best wing man you could have. I, I wanna see you. Happy Chad. How y'all think I'm gonna ever be able to live this down chat? Yeah. Yeah.


Not as long as I'm here. And I, You know, I know you like it too, uncle. 'cause you've been blushing for the past 20 minutes. Yeah. Yeah. I, Man, You know your old PO hustler. You know, You know, Hey, every time I say Miss B nasty, you, you hit that shy guy from the five heartbeats. You know, you say shy brother, The Volume.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands page of five. Dirk four page is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your,


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you right, three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and right at night and after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer, The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This Is Mel Reed l PT tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Keira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, an IHeart win sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.