
This is an iHeart podcast


When it's PCS Time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school. Because family supports family At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partner's. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree change of formula for their cool rush deodorant? The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and agree, listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one min answer per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Hey There. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Pringles, rich crackers and chips. Slice soda, wonder buttons and bread and natural choice lunch meat. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where designer shoe warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek low profile sneakers, obsessed with the shear trend. Try it with mesh flats, peeling boho comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW, the volume.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us. We're going to have a game six. The Knicks at home. One 11 the Pacers 94. The Knicks dominate this game from start to finish and they were sensational tonight and it started on the defensive end. Jalen Brunson was Jalen Brunson and Carl Anthony Townes did what he we we always wanted him to do is put the ball on the floor and put his head down and get to the basket. He was really, really good tonight, but I thought overall this was the next best game. Yeah, they won two games but they didn't look this good in game three in which they won. They look sensational tonight and we, hey Pace. Y'all better close this thing out, but they win the next force of game 6 1 11 to 94.


Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame artery pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. And joining us tonight we have a very special guest to break down this ball game. He's a two-time NBA champ. Spent nine years in the league, eight of those years with the heat born and raised in Anchorage, Alaska, where his dad was a coach, a high school coach. Here he is, Mario Chacham Rio. How you doing bro? I'm doing amazing man. Thanks for joining us. We'll get to you in just a second. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


We want to thank each and every one of you for your support and your continued support. When OCHO and I started this a couple years ago, we had no idea we would ascend to the heist that we've ascended to so fast. But it's all because of you. It's because of your eyes, it's because of your ears, it's because of your word of mouth. And so we cannot thank you enough for your support and your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. Now if you can't find Shea by La Porter in a city or a state near you, best believe we're coming shortly. But in the meantime, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company, she Shea Media on all of its platforms and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out, the link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone.


So please grab yours while supplies last. The Knicks stay alive, beat the Pacers. Double double off the bench deadlift shrimp in 1992. Josh har in 2025. Hard is only six four I reel. Lemme, I'm gonna know what you think about this. You look at the Knicks and they was desperation. They know we don't win this game, it's over. We had a great season, whatever, yada, yada and so forth and so on. But I think that, I thought that night they came out with more of a sense of purpose, a more of a sense of urgency. And it started from the defensive end. They did an unbelievable job. Tyrese, Halliburton, seven shots, seven miles turner, three shots, Pascal, aka 13 shots.


So when you look at it and you see the most guy, the most guy, the guy that took the most shot tonight, he only had 13 shots that lets You know the defense was locked in. They turned him over. They did a great job. What did you like from what you saw from the Knicks knowing it was win or go home? I mean lose or go home. And like you said, the intensity was out there from the jump. They was very physical from the jump putting the body on Tyrese every time he came for a handoff or off a street a row, they just made sure they stayed uncomfortable. And I, I think that was a game with the game plan and they stepped to it and they didn't have any letdowns. I think that's the main thing. When you have a game plan going into a a do or die game like this. Yep. Any little mental breakdown can can cost you the game.


And just from looking at the game, they didn't have any. So on the defensive end I should say, so that's what, that's what really helped them pull away from this game. I thought also they did a great job of closing out each quarter because you see a little run that the Pacers would try to make in the middle, like the last, You know, six minutes left, four minutes left. And You know what they get it to like, You know, in the first half they get it to with like single digits and then they push it out there again. And we saw this in the third quarter. They got it down to 10, they push it back to 18. We saw this in the fourth quarter. They push it down and they extend it right back. Oh Joe, you're looking at this and, and and, and we always say the Pacers are at their best when Tyrese. Halliburton is aggressive. Now, I don't know if it was the defense because they, as Rio said, they did an unbelievable job of crowding him.


They did an unbelievable job of putting body on body. They let him play a little bit tonight. But I thought at some point in time, bro, you, you, hey put your head down two, he had two threes the other night. Remember Ocho, he had 12. He were cutting out three point threes. Yeah, he had 20, 20 plus what? 20 plus shot attempts. Now he only had seven. What was most disappointing from what you saw from the Pacers? Listen, it, it, it's not even disappointment. It seemed like the Pacers knew they had a, they had a a had another Game. Yeah, they Had another game. They understood that their home game was, You know, back at home, You know, so there was no sense of urgent urgency on their ha on their, on their half. There was no sense of desperation. The desperation part was on the Knicks, You know, the kind, the type of defense on the type of Mario they, they played the night, the kind of defense they should have been playing the past three games.


Right? Right. So obviously based on, based on from what I'm saw, based on what I did, what I did see tonight from, from the Pacers, it's like, okay, You know what? We gonna let these boys have this, You know, I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but I think Bill's gotta be paid. You know, bill's gotta be paid aren't, You know what I'm trying to say? So I, You know, forget it. We gonna be gonna let 'em have a game, make it interesting and we gonna close out at home. Yeah. I I think when you, when I watched this ball game and I watched the Pacers and saw the way they played the first five games, I mean the first four games, and look at the way they played tonight. I hardly recognized this team. I I really didn't with the turnovers, the carelessness with the basketball. Tyrese didn't have, he didn't have any turnovers, but he was not as aggressive as I thought he would be.


The bench, I mean you got bathroom played unbelievable again, but I don't know what's going on with Nihar 'cause he's been struggling. Two of the last three games. He's really struggled. He put together one the other night, but in game four, but game three, he has not played well. Knee Smith had another dud tonight, one of eight from the floor, one of eight from three only played 16 minutes. I don't know if that the ankle is bothering, remember he tweaked that ankle left the game, but he did come back in. But if they wanna close the Knicks, if they think the Knicks are just gonna tuck their tails and go run and hide, they're sadly mistaken. And, and, and I real lemme know what you think about this. I hated putting off tomorrow what I could do today because ain't no guarantee.


You make it seem like it's a foregone conclusion, right. That y'all just sold. Y'all just going to just wipe the floor with 'em. Ain't no foregone conclusion because you are a rolled ankle away. You somebody foul trouble away. You, you just one play away and now all of a sudden the Knicks get the vanity. They're like, Hey we going back home and then oh won't help you. Right. I agree with you on that one. You gotta put 'em away when you got 'em. 'cause you definitely don't want to have a game seven in the garden that yeah, that's the mecca. That's where everything happens in that place. So that, that atmosphere is gonna be crazy. And if you ain't ready to perform in the atmosphere, you will get blown out. So I definitely agree with you on that one. They should have handled up business tonight. Well, Hold on, hold on Mario.


Hold on, hold on. Let me make sure I'm hearing this right. Ky sound a little nervous. You know, Mario, you sound a little nervous that there's, are we, are we saying that the Knicks have a a, a chance to come back and win this? Absolutely. I'm not nervous at all because I don't have a sin in this game. But I do want the Knicks to come back. I wanna see Game seven in the garden. I definitely wanna see that. They wanna see that. Okay. Yeah, I think the Knicks, I think the Knicks, the Pacers will play better at home. I think now they understand, they understand the Knicks is gonna come out with a little bit more physicality. The refs let them play a little bit early. I mean, I was like, damn, y'all ain't gonna call that. They're like, nah, we ain't calling that get up. Hey, hey, the referee say get up. That's right. We ain't calling that Bull drive.


And so yes, I think the Pacers will be ready, will be more ready for the physicality in which the Knicks displayed tonight. I think guys are gonna be a little bit more aggressive than what they shown tonight. Tyrese, Halliburton, no, they're not winning a game with him taking seven shots. Pascal. No, they're not taking, they're not winning a game with him just taking 13 shots Miles Turner with three shots. That's not nearly nearly enough. So, and nobody really was in foul trouble, but ni hard. But like I said, he hadn't really played well. Two of the last three games, maybe three of the last four, I'd have to go back and check. But I thought Carl Anthony Towns and, and Jalen Brunson. Jalen Brunson got it going early in that first quarter did and he didn't let up.


And then when he let off, Kat picked right up. Kat had 24 13 and that's 50% shooting. This is what we've been, people have been imploring Kat to do. Kat, bro, stop settling for threes. You don't need to have 10, 12, 3 point attempts when you got, who's guarding Kat? Because most of the time ain't nobody got no seven foot defenders that can play out on the wing. Nah, Turner, maybe there's Evan Mobley okay. Maybe A-A-A-A-A Jabari Smith Jr. But there are not a whole lot of those guys that can match Ka get down on the block, you're gonna have the advantage. You're gonna have the advantage. You see, he put his head down tonight and hit the LeBron Shrug when he got a and one got a couple of, and ones, this is the cat that we expect to see, but sometimes he fall in love re out the, out beyond that three point line.


And the teams are, they're perfectly intent, they're perfectly content to let him shoot those. Right. That's Cat though. He, he don't like being in the, in the paint. He, like he said, he the best shooting big man to ever play. So quote unquote, that's what he said. So Nah, dur is the best shooting big man. That's what Kat says. I, I'm just telling you what Kat says, ain't got nothing to do with me. I don't agree with that statement at all, but that's what he say. So nah, You ain't the best shooting big man after seven years when Dur got 20 I saw, I saw Dirk 20 year resume. Yeah, I'll with you on that one. So it is just something he talked, so he, he tried to prove it, he stay on a perimeter and he, he just trying to use it to his advantage, I guess. Yeah, I mean the, the Pacers 20 turnovers tonight, they don't normally have, if if they're lucky, a lot of times they'd be like in the teens, like 13, 14.


Yeah. 20. I mean some of us was careless that led the easy Runout can't do that on the road. But You know what we can say Tyrese Halliburton wasn't aggressive and aka and Miles Turner didn't play well and that all that be true. But it wasn't like they were in a shoot around, it wasn't like they were in a layup line. They were playing somebody and somebody forced them to not be as aggressive as they needed to be. Someone forced them into those tough shots. Someone did a great job of getting on the offensive glass and give 'em second chance opportunities or somebody did a great job of preventing them from getting out because we know make or miss the Pacers wanna run. Yeah. They did a great job of getting on Halliburton or getting on those guys that had the ball early so they couldn't get the ball ahead with any efficiency.


So give the Knicks credit, the Knicks did what they had to do. Yeah, because if they didn't guess what, and the last thing you want Rio, You know this, you don't want nobody celebrating on your damn court. Hey, hey, hey Mario. Hey, I'm not a conspiracy theorist. I mean, based on what I'm watching and I can, I can use an analogy in a sport that I know very well. I'm gonna just take boxing for instance. I'm gonna take boxing for instance. You know, you get the round six or seven and You know, you're up on a scorecard. So You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna take round, I'm gonna take round seven off and I I'm gonna relax. That's what the Pacers look like tonight. We know we got it in the bags, but we gonna relax. We gonna let 'em have his game. You know, you got a few players playing inconsistent.


You got two of the better players that have been very aggressive and put up crazy work, all of a sudden they decide not to play and be aggressive this game. It's like they it is like they took the night off. That's exactly what it looked like. Even though we say we wanted to give Nick credit. Well hell, what was the same defense in the same way Nick played tonight, the previous three games, They had that same desperation. They, they knew they name tonight, tonight was a real winner go home, especially on they home floor. They didn't wanna deal with them. Knicks fans all summer hearing, hearing that they got beat four one, especially on their home floor. So the sense of declaration brings out different characters and, and You know, New York accepted up and they just brought the ality and You know, Indiana kind of backed down and they kind of threw a couple shots and New York didn't back down so they kind of backed down.


It was like, all right, You know, wish y'all night, y'all can have this one. Yeah, But Here's the thing though, Ocho is that sometimes all it takes is you say a boxer, You know, he's up on a scorecard, six rounds sometimes all it takes is one round to swing the momentum of the fight. Now he land to cut a couple of punches. Now all of a sudden you see he hurt you. Now all of a sudden that he was like, damn, I'm about to mail this thing in and the next thing You know like, ho I got a chance, I chance. So six o now he done got a knockdown. So now it's guess what I got points. Yeah. Now. Yeah. Damn they even, yeah. Yeah. And so now the Knicks like, hold on. Oh, they, they bleed too. Yeah.


Oh, hey, let's keep this thing, because if you think about it, the Knicks, the Knicks have come back. This is the first game they've led. Why to why all the other games they've been behind Ocho they down. Yeah. So they like, hold on. What, let's just say for the sake of argument, what happens if we don't let them get out to 15 or 20, 22 point lead? What if we make this thing nip tuck all the way down to the, to the wire, know we got the best clothes in the NBA. We got the guy that won the award. Jalen Brunson was the club, was was voted the clutches. And we've seen him all through, we saw him against the Pistons, we saw him against the Celtics and we've seen him in this series. So we know, let's just say for the sake of argument, we get this thing down to the last five minutes of the ball game and that game within five points.


I like our chances guys, let's see what we can do. Let's a, let's keep them at bay. Let's not let these horses out to stable where they, hey, let's turn 'em into plot horses. Let's keep 'em, get 'em in the half court set where they can't get up and down and use all that athleticism. Them young legs that they got. Let's get 'em in half court set and let's see how well they execute. Because that's what the Knicks did a great job of doing tonight. Yeah. I mean look at where Berg was trying to hand the ball off. Damn timeline that pressure, the three point line, that pressure too. Have court tried to do a dribble handoff. Yeah. In the screening. They're like, nah bro, you're not getting down this same at the free throw line. Hell nah.


Because now all of a sudden we get you at the free throw line, you hit that little funky jumper, or you get a big on us and you step back and hit that three on us or you dump it down the pascal of miles Turner. Uhuh create mismatches. That's what he likes to do. Yep. But I thought they, they look desperate. Time calls for desperate measure of the Knicks. One, one Knick fan said he paid a witch to cast a spell to help the Knicks win tonight. I don't know. Hey. Nah. If you, if you was the, if you were gambler, man, I don't gamble Mario, but if you was the gambler man and you had to pick a team in bet on the night, it's common sense. Nick picks bet on the Yeah. On Thes playing in the goddamn garden.


Yeah. You would've won you a grip. Yeah, I've took that back Grip and just, just the way the basketball guards work. Yeah, I agree. Yeah. You, you get no argument for me. But I I I would've picked the next, but I thought given the way the Pacers played against the Cavaliers, when they had an opportunity to close it out in game five reel, they went on the road and they closed it out. So I thought that, You know, a little bit of that, like, okay, they gonna close, they gonna close this thing out, don't they gonna close this thing out? But I think I, I don't know, I I didn't believe in Cleveland all year. I think they had, they had a great season, but when it came to like playoffs and focus then I, I didn't think they would go too far in the playoffs. So I think I Indiana winning that one. So I mean beating them either way, so Right.


I don't believe in Cleveland. Well, yeah, I think, I think when you look at it, Cleveland was underdog, excuse me, Cleveland, the Pacers with underdog in both series. They're underdog in this series. They're up three, two now. They were underdog against Cleveland. They beat them four one, the Knicks were underdogs against Boston. They beat them four one. So for the most part, the Eastern Conference has been all about upsets. Yeah. Pretty much. Who be the healthiest at, at the, at the right moment? Yeah, Saturday's gonna tell, I mean look, that first quarter is gonna tell us a lot. We're gonna see who's tight. We're gonna see how well the Pacers can handle adversity given the magnitude of this moment.


You do not want to go back to Madison Square Guard. Hey, I might go back there, go shopping. They might have a a, a, a fashion show there. That's the only way I'm going back to New York. I am not going back to play another basketball game until October, November, December. I'm rooting for a game seven. I wanna see game seven in the guard. So I I, I hate to say it, but I want the Knick to win. You know, being a, being a he guy, we never root for the Knicks. So, but I wanna see a game seven. Well, how you, well I know you ain't root for the pace because I think y'all played them like three years in a row. Yeah, but we, we beat them. I ain't worried about that. Yeah. New York, New York, New York. We inherited that beef from Tim Hardaway and Lon Zone, all that. So we had no choice.


We had no choice. We don't like, I think Y play, I think y'all only played the Knicks once in the playoffs. Yeah. And I think y'all sw I think y'all swept him that year because that, I think Melo had 51 game. But y'all still end up beating him. That was, he had 50, but we beat them four one they beat y'all beat The four one. Okay. Yeah, they beat us on game in New York. Yeah. It's, it's gonna, but I thought the Knicks played well tonight. It was desperation. They didn't really have a choice in the matter but to play well because if they don't win they're going home. And so at least a, that's the rule of thumb. It's like, look, get me to a Jalen Brunson Pro said, Hey guys, get me to a game six. If you get me to a game six, I'll get you to a game seven, but just get me to a game six.


And I take came along Miles, Bridget, OG d played well Defense now, I mean, look, OG hadn't shot the ball well. Three or 14 from the floor, one of seven from the field. But I think he's played outstanding defense. He's doing a great job of bodying up, making it really, really tough on Pascal. Pascal has his work cut out because he's got the Battle Kat on one end all while trying to get through OG on the other end. So he's probably exhausted. Yeah, at the end of the night he probably sleeping like a baby because that's, they're asking, they're asking an awful lot because Kat is no small task down on the block block. And you see, once Kat put his head down, he's going through it Every time. They gotta bring the double team. So gotta, we'll see what the judge first they make for this next game.


It'll be interesting to see The come up. Just ask if, huh? Okay. The come up series, just ask if these teams were accompanied in the stock market, what would they be? Bitcoin up and down. They, they damn sure ain't no blue chip steady. I they're not Microsoft, they're not Google. They not Amazon. They're not, they're not one of the big problems. The big key, the 10 that Berkshire have, the way that we, they kinda like Bitcoin because You know Bitcoin a I think I saw today was 111,000 a coin.


Hey, tomorrow it might be 85,000 a coin. You, you understand, you understand Bitcoin, you understand Digital account. I don't understand. I don't understand it. No, I don't, I don't even got a wallet That's a loan or a digital wallet. Yeah, I I don't understand it at all. I got somebody do y'all that for me? So I, I don't, I just check in and get updates. Oh, oh, you got some, you got some, you got some of them. You, you purchased something early on. Real, I Got, I got some early on and I got some XRP but I, I couldn't explain too much to it to you. So you had to talk to my guy. Yeah, I had an opportunity to get something early on when it was like 2000, $3,000 coin and I didn't know I, it it's just hard. It's kinda like when you go to the casino ocho, you see all these games.


Yeah. And the dealers try to get you sit down. I said nah y'all to gimme some money. I said, I gamble with your money. I don't know what the hell I do. I'm doing, I damn sure ain't gambling with mine. I don't know what the hell I'm doing. Take my ass to the blackjack of the crap table. Something I understand you comfortable with. Y'all talking about Erra and, and and, and You know pow G bro, I don't know anything about that. So I'm not finna sit down my money and learn. You mean to tell me you want me to learn how to play a game with my money? Now listen, now if they want, if they really want to get people in Casino, I know Casino was is a place where everybody goes, but we talking about get everybody in there, put some goddamn s of Uno. Now people gamble alone and watch Better. It's full of a game. Mojo. I got something better for you.


We trying to get Bre in the casino. Bre. Yeah, I know You know about Boray we to in the casino right now. Man, that's dope. Spade spades too. Spades takes too long. O Joe. Yeah, because I mean, because yeah, because you gotta, that means because you're not going hand to hand. You going, you gotta go to a score, you gotta get to a number. Yeah. And and, and then who the house partner For Individual Spade.


That's what you gotta do. And I Hey, I like that. I like that. Yeah. But and, but that's the, but that's the thing. And they want Mo they won't, You know, I think they have, think they can have up to seven at a table. They want all seven. Hell, if I play spade, I got a partner, you got a partner, that's it. That's all we can play. Right? They want multiple players and they want to try to get off as many hands as they possibly can. So nah, I don't, I don't think, I don't think that's happening. But I would probably say, I Say Uno, UNO Uno is a, a fast-paced game. Especially when you have players that play fast and, and not not wasting time. Can you imagine Uno at the MGM there's too many rules to Uno Rules. How you gonna play? Yeah.


Because you put a draw four down, I'm putting a draw four on top, I got one. You put no draw. So that's the way I'm gonna play. So yeah, they do they gotta have some set rules. Yeah, yeah. And, and and the thing give people like, nah that ain't the way we play bro. You in the casino how you play. Don't matter how house rules it is how the casino work. House rules. House rules. Yeah.


When it's pc s time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family. At American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public university education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hey, so we all make mistakes but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro. $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spent 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts this content's not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms, sea rates and fees.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Starbucks, ground coffee, red Bull energy drinks, spam, classic planet oat milk, Charmin bath tissue, Totino's pizza rolls, and Frito-Lay chips. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Paul George says Tyree Halliburton is the face of the NBA in my eyes. I think he's a superstar. He's the face of the NBA. He's the number one option. And he sets up, he sets up points first. He can be your late game score. He's been clutch performing games. He can be an isolation player and that's just not his calling. I want to see him continue to do, do this, which I know he will. Tyrese Halliburton is not the face of the NBA. He's not, I I I get Paul George that's the team that drafted you and gave you an opportunity. But we not Finn to do that. Yeah, I can't agree with that one. He trying to show some loyalty, but that ain't it. That ain't it. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody think, ain't nobody thinking Tyree Halliburton is the face of the NBA Uhuh.


It it, it is funny how he, he goes from overrated to now the face of the NBA by by certain individuals. And we had the conversation about him being whether we a superstar or a star. And I, I said he was a star, but after the, after that, what was the game? Game three performance after that? Game three. Performance game four. I had to almost, I'm, I had to almost like, well wait a minute now this is more than just a star goddamn superstar based on that performance. But if he can continue to play the way he always plays and do it consistently year to year, then he, he's he's absolutely a star. He's a star. I'll say he's a star. Yeah, He's a star. I won't get a superstar status yet. Yeah, Not, not yet. It's just, And that's just hard. It's just hard for a guy to be the face without being able to be flashy.


You see like magic had the No look pass, he was a big guard. Ma. Magic couldn't score. He was a pass. First guard. But magic had to smile. Magic had the no look pass. We had never seen anything like magic. We see Jordan up over the top. We see Dr. J could fly through the air. We see Kobe, we see LeBron, we see steal. I mean that's kind of the package that you need to have that people like, I don't know Rio, if somebody going down like, Hey man, the pace is coming to town. I gotta go see Tyrese tonight. I I I don't know if Faye, if that's the way. Fa I'm not talking about Indiana fans. I'm talking about when I go to the Guard fans, Period. Yeah, Right, right. You in Sacramento, OKC and the Lakers come to town. You trying to go see bro, you trying to go see Steph, you want to go see Luca Kyree?


I, I I don't know Kyree Halliburton and this is not a knock. I'm not because I think he's a phenomenal player and I agree with you. Real. I think he's a star's a but I just don't think he, he, he, he's what gets people to get outta their house, going to their pocket. Like, damn man I gotta, I gotta come off a hundred dollars. Want you to go see TD ticket man, I gotta go see Tyree play tonight. I I don't, I don't view him as that. When you put it, when you use that analogy like that, it makes much more sense. It can be much more clear to the general public on the difference between a star and a superstar. A superstar, you paying your money even if you don't got it, you gonna find you gonna get it from somewhere. Yeah. Like got watching play. Yes. And that goes goes for any sport. Yeah.


Football players then you have stars. So you have your superstars. Hell Jamar Chase coming to town. I'm going to get me a ticket Right When Mike Pick was playing. Oh he coming, he Coming. Definitely gonna get Ticket for that. I'm gonna get, get Hell. Yeah. Look, there's a difference. And opposing team, opposing fans, man I gotta get that LeBron jersey. I gotta get Def Curry jersey. I gotta get X, Y and Z-I-I-I-I just don't know if people are like that. Like I, that's not, not so Chad, I don't want you to think I'm trying to knock the guy, but when you talk about the face of the league, first of all he ain't been in enough commercials. Nah, he ain't been enough commercials. I mean if you, if you're just going by commercials, forget the big guns.


You gotta take Jason Tatum. 'cause Jason Tatum, before he got hurt, he was in every damn commercial you gotta take Handman. Yeah, I say saw him and Handman. That's the, that's the truth that you shit everywhere. Yeah. So Tyrese to be the face of the league and I get what Paul George said, Paul George, I'm sure he still has love with Indiana. You know, they drafted him, he did a great job. He drug that team to the, to the finals Eastern Conference finals. He was a phenomenal player. But to say Tyrese is the face of the NBA and you still got Steph and you still got LeBron in it and you at the face of the NBA you ain't like 29th, 25th in, in Jersey sales.


You gotta be at the top. You gotta be at the top three Three. Yeah. Top three for sure. So yeah, I'm with you on that one. I don't see too many people rocking a, a Paces jersey. Yeah. And, and and when, and the thing is is that like when people, when they come to town, ain't nobody like if the Lakers come to town, I'm not so sure you might not have male as many Laker fans or Steph Curry comes to town. Yeah. That's, that's when You know where everywhere you go it's sold out. Yeah. You know, I seen it firsthand. I I was with LeBron so I I seen it firsthand. It just everywhere being sold out from China to Oklahoma City, it's just like wow. Hey that's crazy.


The thunder punch their tickets to the NBA finals, send the wolf's home. SGA no surprise was Western Conference Magic Johnson player of the the Magic Johnson MVP. What did real, lemme ask you this because we know the players we're just talking about OKC players. I mean 'cause nobody realized that they originated from Seattle and I'm sure it don't anybody remember a whole lot of the Seattle players? I remember 'cause I'm old enough to remember when they won the championship, when they had Gus Johnson and they had Dennis Johnson and they had Jack Sigman, they had Marvin, Marvin Web, the the Human Eraser. They had all those guys. What does SGA need to do to be the Thunder goat player?


All time He had him win the championship. I think that's the only thing that's missing because you got kd, you got Westbrook and them two Hall of Famers in themselves And they've already won MVPs the only P championship and we was the reason for them not winning that championship. So we'll see what, we'll see what SCA could do versus the, the Knicks or the Pacers. So I think that would him winning that championship make him the the greatest OKC player. Not OKC Seattle but OKC player. I agree with you. I think if he get, because he was gonna have something that they don't, they didn't, they don't have, which is an NBA championship and you're talking about a guy that's averaged 33 straight years.


You're talking about a guy that's been an all NBA player, the last two with the last two years, I think the last two years he's been an all NBA player. Now he's an MVP. So he has an MVP like KD and, and Russ Chet, obviously KD would would've been the Western Conference player of the year. So they didn't have it at the time, but KD would've won that award had they had it. Now they gonna win the NBF. He's gonna get, he's gonna be the finals. MVP if they win, he's gonna be the reason why they win. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. But the thing is, it doesn't matter when I, the thing that I love about SGA, He's like a lot of the, a lot of the postseason reel, he's throwing his efficiency out the window.


He said, I don't give a damn about shooting 50% because he'll go 13 for 30, he'll go 12 or 28. I don't give a damn. I am going to be aggressive because I believe one of three things are gonna happen. Either I'm gonna make the shot, I'll miss the shot or you'll follow me and put me on the free throw line. But I am not going to be passive and let you dictate what I've been doing all year long. And I I love that about his game. I mean obviously he's, he can shoot the three but his many is top notch yet as good a mid range shooter as we have currently at the NBA and we know he can finish at the rim and he's gonna draw files like a, like a, like a mug. So I agree with you. I agree with you Rio. I think if he wins the championship, I think he's gonna be the the thunder.


Okay. The the Thunder goat. I think so too. I'm with you on that one. I mean it, it only makes sense, huh? It it only makes sense as good as Harden was, as good as Russ was as good as K wa not kd K was there. Yeah, KD was there. But you gotta realize Harden was a six man. So Harden. Yeah. Now it'd been interesting had Harden, did this Harden like he was in Houston. I'm trying to think what, how hell was k how the hell was harden a six man back then? Because because he, he didn't have, remember how we talked about sometimes the guy needs his own team? How, how was he gonna be that hardened with Russ and Katie? Hold So, so, so basically he's ba he's basically what Harden went through is basically what Minga going through right now then.


Yeah. Nah, Not that bad. So Kaing got those kind of offensive skills. Now come on now. Alise James was playing. He was actually like playing and getting major minutes. Had lot six man of the year Though. Hard with man of the year, the year y'all beat him. Real, real. I don't get beat a lot. I don't know. Look up, I think Harden was, had been a sixth man. I Think he was the sixth medal of the year. The, the year y'all won. Now that's, that's crazy. Hey, hey Mark. Hey Reel. What, what year was that? Harden, harden, Russ. And, and, and Katie was together 2012. That's the year we They do it. But they were, yeah, Katie came in 2007.


Russ was 2008. Eight. Harden was 2009. Yeah. So 9, 10, 11, 12. Damn. Hey Uncle. 'cause remember that next year, Rio 13 it came down, they could have gave him that con for five more million dollars. They let him go to Houston. They traded him to Houston and then he comes out and I thought he was good because I could, you could watch him in the fourth quarter. 'cause a lot of times they would turn, they would, You know, pass it off to Harden and Harden would do his thing. But ain't nobody, see this ain't nobody's fault. What? When he got to Houston and what he was able to do. Not that man. It is a different animal. Houston, I I have a question. Yeah. Now Harden of the sixth man, he came off the bench, he couldn't do what he wanted to do because he was with Katie and Russ.


So why isn't Minga, why can't he be the same way if he goes somewhere else and has his own team and has the free will to shoot, Where you gonna go? Oh shit, that doesn't happen Because you gotta realize Houston didn't have anybody. So where is Minga gonna go? Where you gonna send him to And the thing Orlando, they got somebody. Yeah, James a point guard too. So he can, he also handle the ball. James Camming can't do that. Kao can't run your team. Right, right, right, right. Exactly. So he's gonna have the ball. He's gonna be, he's going, harden was high, high in usage rate because he had to nail ball his head the whole game every Time. Right, Right, right. Commingle needs someone to get him the ball and then he's not gonna be able to initiate anybody else's offense.


He's not gonna initiate your offense. So now he's at a decided disadvantage guy that can have Why you think Luca? Because Luca can handle the ball. Yo, he can handle the ball. LeBron, he can handle the ball. Guys that can handle the ball is a lot easier because I got the damn ball. I don't need you to give it to me. I got it. I don't need your help for real. But You know, you get out the way I can do everything else. That's one of the reasons why bigs don't get the credit that they deserve. Because magic need Oscar and Magic needed to get Kareem the ball Cozy needed to get the ball to Russell, Derrick Fisher and Kobe needed to get the ball to shot. So that bigs that.


What you never see Bigs voted his goal, no matter what. I mean Wilt got all the records. Ain't nobody gonna ever touch Wils record those rebounds. The game that Wil will scored 78, he had 43 rebounds. Who the hell scored 78 points and have 44 4 3 rebounds in the game? Who's gonna have 55 rebounds in the game? Who's gonna average 27 rebounds for a season? Mother can't, average guy can't even average 27 points a game. Let's rebound It's O Joe and you get one rebound. So at least you can get like a a two point shot or, and one that's three. Right? He getting a rebound get aging 27 for a season average 25 for a season average 23 for the man average 24 rebounds for a career.


Players ain't missing that many shots nowadays for him to get 27 rebounds Game. I been terrible. Yeah, That ain't gonna happen. You're Right. And I don't even know, hold on. Because one game he had 55 rebounds in a game that won happen. I'm just looking at, I'm just looking at a, the game tonight, there was 45, there was 85 rebounds. So between the two teams, the Knicks had 45 rebounds, the Pacers had 40 rebounds, will once had 55 in a game. I'm not rolling with that one. He not getting all the rebounds nowadays. He is a great athlete, but he not getting 50, he not average at 27. Oh. And today's getting that, that many shots. Yeah. I mean he would literally have to get all the defensive rebounds and still get a fuel on the offensive.


So he had to get both really? Oh yeah, back then. But they was missing a ton of shots. I mean look at the field goal percentage back then when they were shooting, they wasn't, he was missing a Ton of shots and getting his own rebound. That's what he was doing. But I I I, there's, there's nothing really not to love about s g's game. You see the, you see the progress that he's made. I think his first year there, I think he averaged like 19 and then it was like incrementally he 23 and then 20 this and then 30 and then 30 and then 30. And he said it when he signed that long term deal. He's like, yeah I turned a, I signed a long term deal. And he said, but I don't see us losing much longer. Yeah, he got great patience. I think that's the best thing part of this game. When you get to that mid range, he get to the spot, he just wait, wait, wait, wait.


And then he get to what he wanna do. So I think that's the biggest part of his game that's separating him from a lot of other players. And that match he got, he's got as good as match as anybody. He got as as good as match as anybody. And he gonna get that and he gonna get that elbow your chance to get some separation. Yeah, he definitely push off a lot. He'll be calling me. He do forget some wave, some push off On the latest episode of the Pat Bell podcast, pat Beverly recalled how SGA chose not to embrace him for wearing Amans jersey while attending game four in the Western conference final. Beverly had nothing but praise for the newly crowned leagues. MVP short, his killer instinct, which is something he said is needed for the postseason.


I got shit after the game and I ded him up and he said, I ain't gonna lie, I can't d you up right now, og you got that mofo jersey. The jersey I had was a man Anthony Edwards. And I said, oh yeah, he's a killer. That's the mindset that you have to have. Don't ever don't even come up in here. The Jersey type ish. I respect it. I like it. That's how you have to be. I knew where it was coming from. It's coming from a good place. It's coming from an organic place and he's locked in. And that's what I took from that. Like, oh yeah, he locked the F in right now. I love it, I like it, I like It. Nah bro, I get it. And I, I understand that you in that building and you played for him.


You played with an but nah bro, you the enemy dude. That's the enemy jersey right now. I got, I got the utmost respect for you. Nah bro, you not where You Have to catch, you have to catch me when you out without that jersey and I, and I ain't in kill mode because right now I'm in kill mode. I respect it. Let see it starting a little rivalry between them. So yeah. And I like, yeah. And plus you remember I who was a man talking to, was he talking to Steven a well who was he talking to when he said he was better than Shake O Obama? No, Nah, I think he, I I think somebody posed that question to him. Okay. Can We put that up?


Look for that, look for that quote. But hell, Hell, Lisa, he's supposed to he's supposed to say that. Yeah, he's supposed to say that. But I guess what, who else heard if I heard him say that and other people heard him himself? Who else heard him say that? Rio S Yeah. Okay. Yeah, so that's, that's where it stem from. It's like, all right, yeah, he think he better than me and we just eliminate Him and then maybe, maybe Rio Ocho. Yeah, if he had another jersey on, maybe it's cool. Maybe I let it slide, but I ain't hugging you in front of all these people and you got his jersey on. Oh no, I mean, yeah, Yeah.


I mean it's, it's a, it's a different, and it's, I I get it because a lot of these guys play a a U together on the same team or they play against a, a lot of these guys, Rio and You know, this coming up in that circuit, these guys been playing together, playing against each other or playing together since they were 7, 8, 9, 10 years Old. Right. So the animosity that Bird and Magic or Jordan and Isaiah and these guys had, there wasn't none of that. The first time you saw the guy probably was at the McDonald's all American game or you played against the mofo in college. The playing like in 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17. That ain't, that ain't that, that didn't happen back then.


You know, there wasn't that many camps for them. You would see them at five Star Camp or, or something like that. That's what it Right. Everybody would see each other and go against each other. And that's battling for rankings. So we ain't trying to be cool. We trying to see who, better player. Exactly. But now you see like guys actually playing with each other, playing on the same team. Like who, I mean I'm thinking, oh Ja and, and Zion, they play on the same AAU team. They play, they play together. Yeah, You have a lot, you have a lot of, you have a lot of guys like that, a guy that go to Mount IMG or Mount Verde or Oak Hill. And so you, the guy, they grew up playing each other and you like, oh, you go to another team, we supposed bro, bro, you rode the back of my mom's station wagon, you ain at My house.


Can't hate you. That's when the family started getting call this feel a little bit different like yeah, you should talk to my moms the other day. Like, come on bro. Ain't stop it. I understand. We battle Bro. I can't hate you man. We man we done stopped by the fast food joint. We, we, we even buffets together. Yeah. It, it was different back then. Like you said Rio, you saw somebody at a five star camp battle for rankings or at the McDonald's all American game or you play the against 'em in college because You know, back then you playing, you going to college two years, three years, Two or three years. You definitely gonna see 'em a couple times. Especially we the same conference Now. These guys done been playing these, they done, by the time they, by the time they get to the NBA, they done played against each other 20 times, Right?


Yeah. And so it's a, it's a, it's a different mindset now, but I just wish, what I do wish is that they would do this jersey swap off camera. That's the only thing I wish that football NFLO show, NBA do the jersey swap off camera. Why? Why? What? Why because, Yeah, remember, stop it and, and you want everybody's jersey. Damn. It used to, it used to mean something. No joke. When you went to the Pro Bowl and swapped jerseys, you didn't just swap jerseys with some random guy. It was the best of the best. Well, I mean, I mean, not, not really. I mean it, listen, I'm, I'm not sure I, I understand how you feel, but obviously my, my love and and passion for, for soccer after games, you, you swap jerseys with players that you like or you enjoy their game because you, you wanna collect this.


It's possible. No, But okay. I I mean he though, I understand. Yeah, say Everybody a little bit differently. Oh, this this new wave. Oh, they give it, I mean, ju ju gotta get a, a special, got a different house because he, all the jerseys he done got, he done got a, he done got a whole team of jerseys. By the time he's done, he got 50 jerseys. He got every quarter he got every quarterback jersey. At least the top 15. The top 15 receivers. Top 15 running backs. Top 15 edge rushers. Top 15 corners. Yeah. And it got a kick in a pointer throwing in there for good measure. Like What? Damn, you got a whole little team. You gotta make sure he right.


Make sure he right back. I, I'm trying to think. I I, the only person I, I, I switched jerseys with Ray. Ray and I, we, we exchanged jerseys, but that was it. And at the Pro Bowl, pro Bowl, You know, you exchange jerseys or you exchange helmets, stuff like that. But now Ocho it seems like at least 15 guys per game changing jerseys. Hey, I ain't, You know it, I ain't, First of all, I ain't paying no $500 because them jerseys is $500. Now Who, who gotta pay 500? You do. The Players, the players. You NBA time you jersey, you gotta pay 500. I mean the money they make today, they don't care nothing about that 500. Mm They they definitely don't care about that.


Of course not. Yeah. They Like, nah bro. 500 Get get you out. I mean, look, I got, I got a couple of pair of time shoes. I like, Hey bro, I know You know I gotta get those. He said, I get you after the game. Chris. I got a who? I get Chris Carter, I got Jerry, I got a pair of Jerry's gloves. I got a pair of Chris Carter's gloves. Hmm. Hey man, hey I get you. I get y'all, I'll get you in the tunnel. I'll get you the locker room. Okay. Hey, hold on. You got some prime shoes? He wore like in the NFL. Who? He was with Cowboys and, and Washington. Hey you. No, no.


Hey, you saw, you saw the new one? I got some bronze shoes with the trade. What you wanna do? Oh, shoes. Oh, okay. Now you talking? Yeah, I got some bronze sign championship shoes. What you, what you wanna do? Oh, you want, I got the ball. What you want? Do you want the cowboy? What? A Oh you want Washington? I want Washington. He just told, just told me though. You ain't, you ain't got nothing to trade. Yeah, you ain't got nothing to trade. You ain't got his favorite NBA player. That's, that's what you ain't got. Hey Yeah, I got 5,200 for them. How You gonna gimme my own? You gonna gimme my own money? Oh, you a Washington fan?


No, I just don't. I don't like the Cowboys so I wanted something different to the Cowboys. My dad a Cowboys fan so I don't want him trying to take it from me.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family. Parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans degree. Whole thing. It turns up sweat and utter protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bringing back that OG Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti person for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know your credit card points and Miles lose value while they collect dust? Imagine a credit card with rewards that can grow in value. Introducing the Gemini credit card with a Gemini credit card. You can earn Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos instantly with no annual fee. Every swipe at the store gas pump earns you instant rewards deposited straight into your account. Plus, sign up now for a $200 Bitcoin bonus to kickstart your rewards. Go to gemini.com/card. That's gemini.com/card. To learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Visit gemini.com/card now terms apply the Gemini credit card issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend 3000 in your first 90 days. Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content's not investment advice and trading. Crypto involves risk for more details on the rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26th. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like General Mills, cereal, Chobani, Greek yogurt, Pillsbury Crescent rolls, cinnamon rolls and biscuits, Haagen Das ice cream, Lindor chocolate truffles, Tillamook ice Cream and Cove probiotic sodas. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details.


Anthony Ed was planned to work his butt off this summer in the wake of the second, second straight Western Conference finals. Defeat. Nobody's gonna work harder than me this summer, I tell you that much. He told reporters, I don't know why people think it would would be hurt. Why it would hurt. It's exciting for me. I'm 23. I get to do it a whole bunch of times. I'm I'm hurt more so for, for Mike. I came up short for Mike. We tried last year, couldn't get it. We tried again this year. We'll try again next year. But it, the hurt is a terrible word to use. I'm good. Rio, what, what's your, what's your take on this? I agree with that. He's still young being only 23, got at least 10 more years to try to win a championship and You know, like he said, his dedication to getting better, he knows what it takes for him to get better, what he needs to go work on.


So it's gonna be interesting to see how much work he actually puts in and see what he works on. Oh Joe, I mean the sky's the limit for him. I think two, one of two, two of the only players that are going to continue to improve and ascend year in, year out. You're gonna see their game. Elevate to me is Ant and the FGA, I think they're going to continue to go at it each year over and over. And I think Antman is gonna always be in this position and he gonna get over the hump. He gonna get over that obstacle soon, sooner than later. But he make it, he make it seem like Luca 30, he make it seem like SGA 35. Does he realize what's in the Western conference?


I mean has that, has that even dawned on him? He don't care. Yeah, He already beat Luca. So, I mean he already did first round. Oh no, he beat, he beat Lu. No, Luca sent him home last year. Remember Last, If I'm looking at Luca, if I'm looking at Luca, if, if what they showed that AI generated Luca look like, he in pretty good shape now. I'm not really concerned right now. I need Luca in this kinda shape in October. Not, not in May. 'cause ain't no basketball going on in May if Lucas shows up. This shit looking like what we saw the other night at that. What was that real Madrid game? I'm like, okay, yeah, I'm okay, but I I and, and plus you gotta think about it guys.


I mean the league is getting tougher. It's, I mean it's those days when you Hey, somebody might run off a three beat. I don't believe we'll see no three piece anytime soon. I'm with you on that one. I don't think that's gonna happen for another least five, 10 years. League is day because it, it's spread out. Yeah. It's hard to keep these team together because team gonna break him up because they don't wanna go in that. They like, man they winning bro. I don't care how much I'm winning. I'm not trying to get a 400 million a PA and P salary. Yeah, I'm paying, I'm I'm paying. I got two, three guys tied up and I got 600 million tied up in two or three guys. And then you want me to play $400 million on top of that if I go, if I'm a repeater in that second?


Oh hell no. Yeah, it's a cost to keep them teams together now. And they and they wanna make it so cost prohibited that you don't even think about putting one together. That's Watch, watch Boston Simple. See, see what they gonna do. They can't keep it together because JT not gonna play next year. So basically you want, you wanna be in that Secretary of April and, and you with no chance of winning because he not playing. Nah, He he's not playing till, he's not playing till the, the start of the 26th season. Yeah, well right. So I, I definitely see what charge changed his late night.


It's gonna be interesting to see. Definitely interesting to see. Okay. Who, who was the two seed? The one seed was what it called the two seed was who? The Rockets. The Rockets go. You know I, I can see the Rockets making a play for kd. I can see them making a play for Giannis. Who do you rather go get yo Giannis or KD with that team? Damn, I already told you where Gian ISS going? I don't know why we continue to bring this conversation up. Where's going? Don't say Miami. You going to Miami. That's where, that's what Ocho said he going to Miami. Hey Rio, I done Said that. You know, hold on Ocho, before you go Rio, can you explain to Ocho how everybody came play for Pat?


Everybody can't play in, in, in in Miami? Nah, everybody can't play for Pat but I, I can see Giannis coming to Miami but I don't think he will. I think, I think he stays in Milwaukee. Oh you don't think he moves? No, I think he stays, You know, not gonna get no help for because Better get, huh? You ain't gonna better get somebody who I don't know who they going. They gonna figure out something They got hold on. Huh? And they hurt play 26. Who they gonna, I don't know who they gonna get. Maybe there's nobody that gonna make a difference.


There's Still gonna be a first round exit. Oh yeah. That ain't gonna happen. He ain't gonna win nowhere. He goes that ain't gonna happen If he go to Miami he not gonna win man. What if he go to go, what about Golden State? You keeping Jimmy or you get rid of Jimmy? I Think you gonna have to get, you ain't no where you can keep him Step and Jimmy and Draymond because Draymond's doing an extension because Draymond was all de all first team all defense. So he's due for Max And you, you do That but Max only 25, 30 million for him. It's not over the top. But if you do that, you give rid of Jimmy. That takes away all your, all your offers. All, all the Golden State is known for from the Splash Brothers to the shooting.


There's no more shooting there. So now what are we scared of Golden State for? We just put everybody on steps. Hey y'all gotta shoot twos while we still shooting a hundred threes game. Okay. Put everybody on step and, and Y's putting his head down and gonna get 30, 13 and six a night. Okay. And we gonna come down shoot 60 threes. Who gonna win? I like step, I mean look, I'm trying to, could he go to Houston? I like Houston. I like you with Houston. I like Houston too. I definitely like Houston. I think that'd be his best bet would be a Houston or I could say Miami. I, I'm not gonna disagree.


Thank, thank you. I can see Miami. Thank you. Them bad mentality hero real. That'll be, that'd be a hell of a team. Lemme ask you a question. Real, I didn't are you, are you selling him brick or I mean what do you trading Brickle. You trading South Beach. What the hell you trading for him? Because I don't want those pieces that, that that's not bam and that's not Tyler hero. You need to tell me what the hell you trading for. He don't want a disgruntled superstar that can leave a free agency either. Alright, how many more years Giannis got two. Hey, what'd you say? They trading what? Brickle, South Beach something. He rock the f blue Something gotta go.


Huh? So so part of Miami gotta go When you look at it, Rio, the only two assets that, that somebody really want is Bam and Tyler. Yeah. Yeah. That, that was funny. Okay. That was funny. But you don't want to Disgruntle Superstar. I see Giannis being mad There. Oh look I got, first of all, I got this man right for the next two years. He has a player option 27, 28. So I got him for two years. I'm not giving him away. You know it sometimes Rio, I'll be, I want to sell something but I'm not. Look, I know the value of this car, man. I ain't man you ain't even driving it. Don't worry about it. I'll driving right back in the garage. I backed it out so your punk ass can see it. Now if you're not gonna gimme what I want for, I'm gonna drive it right back in the garage and you get your ass out my yard And then he gonna wait till town, then he gonna be back and they going, he don't have no help.


You already got rid of his brother Dame hurt. Chris Middleton Jones. No, he Was hurt. So we we wasn't gonna pay him. Now he healthy we bring him back. All right. Good luck with that. We'll see how long that lasts. We gonna, we gonna, we gonna bring it back. We gonna bring it back. So yeah, I it's just for me, I'm looking at the, the, the places where he can go Rio that have the assets. Brooklyn has the assets as far as draft picks. They don't have any young talent that I think Milwaukee would want. Right. OKC got the draft picks and they got the talent. But I don't think Sam pre is gonna wanna mess his, mess his core up with either one of them.


Houstons have the talent and the draft picks. The question is, and and that that's for Giannis or kd because you got Shung go who's an all NBA selection? He's an Allstar. I'm not getting, I'm not letting Arm Thompson go Jabari's Premier Jr. Okay. Yeah. Draft. Okay. Yeah. Who else they got? They got Brooks, They got, they got Smith, they got Thompson. Oh Jay, I'm not willing to let Thompson go But you. Oh yeah. Jay Greed. Ja, thank that's What I, Jay greed. Yes, yes, yes, yes.


Okay. For KD or Giannis? Yes. I, I would pa I would package Jalen grief. Okay. I can see that happening because you still build around what you got. You Still got Giannis and you still got kd. Yeah, I keep it, I gotta keep Van Fleet for the civil fact. I need, I need a point guard Now. I ain't gonna lie. I'm kd I'm going back to KC That I, I don't think, I don't think Sam pr first of all, I don't know, I don't know the relationship with Sam. Yeah, that's the big thing with Sam and and kd. Kd what you hear is that Sam was more favorable towards Russ than kd. I don't know if there's any truth to that, but You know, you here he left. I, and and I, I I'm not, I'm not messing up my core.


I'm not, I'm not, I'm not real. I think Russ ends going back there just because of also some free agency stuff. So I definitely see Russ being back in old KC for next year. Especially just, I'm talking About kd you talking about, you talking about kd Go back. No, I, I'm, I know I'm talking about KD but I'm saying I definitely see Russ going back when he brought up Russ and Sam pre I definitely see him going back. But if I'm KD I would look at the o KC situation. If I'm prey, I don't think I would take it or if I'm kd I'm like yeah I just go there and be spot. If nobody go to state, They don't have it though. They don't have enough. You know, Think he and he and Steph Who you gonna get rid of? Jimmy? Yeah, I would get Jim getting rid of Jimmy for Katie.


I'm run outta the back with Jimmy just 'cause Jimmy brings a lot all around to the game and it makes it easier for Steph in that aspect. Katie, you have to create more shots for kd Do you don't need that many. But he don't need some. Who gonna be, who gonna be the person to create a shot, create a shot for him or you gonna have KD going one on one at 35, 36 years old? He good because y'all gonna be, because they still worried about stuff. Draymond. Hey Draymond gonna be fine. They be good. I keep Kaing now, now, but I don't, I don't know if you can keep Minga because somebody gonna want, gonna want Minga. Minga gone. Minga not messing with Kurt no more. He, he's so far gone. He Minga might be down here on South Beach the ball.


He Already, he already out the door. He done banked up his apartment and everything In, he packed up his locker room with everything. He out of there. He, he ain't tell you about Golden State. It, it was kinda like what we used to do Rio. We once we realized we weren't making the playoffs shit, man. Last, last week or so, I was living in a hotel, Start packing little by little Ain't ain't no sense to me paying extra month of rent. Nah, we good. I live, I I live, I live week to week at the hotel. You ain finna love being Six extra six months, Six to eight month deal. Nope. I'm cool. So if you had, if you had to handicap, where do you Think you, where do you think KD ends up? Where do you, where do you think Giannis ends up?


Katie, I think he goes to Houston. Giannis, I think Gianni stays on the east coast. I think Gianni stays somewhere on Miami. Miami. Ah, there we go. Maybe in New York, maybe the Knicks then Brooklyn will be tough just because they, they won't have to rebuild everything around him. They don't really have the team to, to win Now They got the draft picks. They just don't have, they just, he yeah, they don't have place worked up. He works off. He, he might as well stay in Milwaukee if you thinking about Brooklyn. Yeah, exactly. But I can see him going to the niche. He end up over there. Wow. What? Hold on. What you going? So you gonna let, what you gonna let go?


You gonna let Kat go? You gonna let OG go? I mean what you letting go Renis? I'm letting OG go. MHA Bridges, Mitchell Roberton. Who else? Anybody? You ain't got no draft. You ain't got no draft picks because you gave up four draft picks to get Mikhail Bridges. So you ain't got no draft capital's. All you got players. That's Okay. That's okay. We'll give rid of them four players. We'll be all right. Three of them, four players. We'll get Giannis. We be all right. You you just gutted your depth. That's okay. We trying to win. Now when Giannis, Giannis Brunson the cat, that's a, that's a hell of a big three. That's a, that's a big lineup behind Brunson. Now you ain't gotta do is find some shooters, some knockdown shooters.


You go get a person, like you go get a person like Cam Johnson maybe find some, find some way will find somebody that's, that's a Dunkin Robinson. Maybe somebody that's out there that can just help spread the floor. That's all you need when you got those three guys. 'cause your offense gonna go through them. Well considering that a a, a cat would like to be at the three point line and don't have to worry about it. So yeah, he'll be fine with that. Gni Giannis is gonna need that space. Jannis gonna need that space to get down here Or put Giannis in the post and then let him work to work through the post there. Are you afraid because You know what, the Bronson has a very high usage. Giannis has a usage. Are you concerned that the Giannis needs the ball?


Brunson needs the ball. Both are most effective when they have the ball in their hands. No, I feel like they can work that out. They can figure that out because it's just them two. 'cause nobody that's really handling the ball cat don't need to handle the ball. He just need to catch it in his sweet spot. So now when Brunson taking his break, you got Giannis handling the ball. When Giannis is taking his break, you got Brunson handling the ball. Now when it comes to the fourth quarter, first time I got both of 'em. Giannis getting the rebound, pushing it. Brunson go spot up. Brunson get the rebound. Gianni's taking him down or he's in the paint. Now you got three or four people helping him. Brunson pulling up for three. So it, it is ways to figure it out. It's just like when LeBron and D Wade play together. It's ways to figure out when you got two ball handlers and then just the two ball handlers.


Real make it sound so simple. Ojo mean its Simple. I tried listen, I tried to explain it. It's simple Joe. It's not simple because you got, it's Got buy in. It's all about buying in. You wanted to buy in, you wanna win. That's it is he Just explained it to you. Yeah, he just, he gave you a few example of people that have done it in the past. You Know, But but you but you didn't hear what he said. He said it's all about buying in. Yeah and it's a lot easier to say it is. Yeah. Or I could do it, I could do it. Right. But I give you prime example. Look at the players We talking about. We talking about Jalen Brunson. We got talking about Giannis two players that are going to buy in. Okay. To Make everybody, I remember everybody said it don't matter what I do at the Olympic team, long as we bring the gold medal.


Now we've had two guys that come out and say they was upset about with it playing time. Right. The buy in now you just said buy in. This is, It's completely different. This is completely information 'cause it's only two players. It's only two People. It was only two players was only show. Look Who they had, who they Had of them had a reason, could have find That was starting. Jason had a reason just 'cause of the scene that he had just came off of. So I, I understand his complaint but at the same time he wasn't better than nobody playing in front of him. Hey, he said I was better the holiday and Derrick White that was playing in front of me. But you don't bring what they brought to the game. I would, we don't need you to score it. We don't need you to score it. We need you to play defense. Nah, I've played defense. I'd have played defense. I would've you, You would've need you to do ahead.


Go ahead. Tell me what I won't do. I'm telling you I'm trying to buy in. I'm gonna buy in. I'm buying in Man name folks that told you what you wouldn't do. All of them. All of them. Hey it's, but it, it's a lot easier than said than done. We done seen a lot of guys on your really Ah man I just wanna win. No you wanna win and get your 30. You wanna win and get your eight for 1 52 touchdowns. That's the way you wanna win. You wanna win your way. Giannis has now more first team all NBA selections than Kevin Durant. Giannis has seven, KD has six. What more does Giannis need to do to pass KD all time?


Damn. I don't think it's possible Really. I don't if it's possible just because I look at K's skillset and like there's nobody gonna be a skillset set as K's wearing the ball handling better to shoot the ball, better get to the spots he's going to get to. I don't think there's gonna be another Greek freak either. But be honestly the offense game is not polished enough like KDS for him to be. So You just look at aesthetically, I'm just looking at that when I look at somebody and I say who's better than somebody I look at, I put 'em in a one-on-one matchup and see who, who would dominate that one-on-one matchup to a game to five. And I think KD would get Gianni 5 4, 5 3 maybe I just got figured just offensively better.


Wow. What happens if Giannis gets the ball first? Same thing. I think K still figured out how to win. I think K gets to stop at before One on one with Giannis Because Giannis is all down here now. We playing three or four. Exactly. Stop that. If We, we playing three or four dribbles Downhill. Okay. You know we, We play different Rules. You gotta tell the rules now. Yeah. Wayne D player fight, we played one on one, three or four dribbles max. Okay. Yeah. So In that type of setting, I'm not taking Giannis over kd I'm not taking too many people over KD In That type of setting. Okay. Giannis has five first team all defensive four, first team K KD has none.


KD has does have two finals. MVP Giannis has one it's Huh? No Doug Yo Giannis has two regular season MVPs. Katie has one that's gonna be very that's gonna be very interesting. That's gonna be very interesting. Their careers. Yeah, he gonna have a hell of a career. Like that's, that's the thing. But it's still, you're not better than KD I think. I think, You know what I think a lot of that has to do with aesthetically because we like guys that can handle the ball shoe flashy. I mean there's nothing like really Y's game is really like old school like the seven, You know, just trying to get downhill post.


I mean yeah he's still, I mean he don't, three point doesn't shoot that. Well he ain't really got no mid range. His post is not great. He's basically getting downhill laying the ball up. You fo him or he's spinning, dunk the ball. That's your highest, it's still hard to stop 'cause he is averaging 30, she was 60% from the damn floor. So it's still hard to stop it. Not as it's still free. Yeah, they're still free. It's just not as pleasing to the eye as what we watch KD do. Yeah. You, you comparing two different players in two different skillset sets altogether. And, and at that, at that point, regardless of accolades and what, what they've accomplished on their resume, it depends on, it's all on preference at that point.


Yeah, I got, I got I see that. I see that it's, it's but whose impact, who's impacted the game more? Oh shit, that's, damn They the same almost, huh? Yeah, that's a tough one right there. 'cause lemme ask you this. If I take, if I take KD out and put Giannis in there with Clay, Steph and Draymond, do you still believe they win the NBA championship?


Yeah, I, I, yeah I still give to, I don't think about the sport aspect but yeah I still give it to him. 'cause then that way you take 80 Donald doesn't have to guard Brown by himself. Now you got two or three bodies that can guard Brown and that's gonna be a little bit different. So yeah, I still give it to Golden State. Now if I take KD and I put him on Milwaukee the year they won the will they won to beat Phoenix. You think they still win the championship with KD and Giannis out? I mean they barely got past Brooklyn so Oh yeah. I I think so. I, I I definitely think so. Can if he just step on that line Milwaukee don't win that championship.


That's, that's gonna be a, when it's all said done, that's gonna be a very interesting conversation. You Know, I mean That's gonna be a very, very interesting conversation to have because they are so ally different. Nothing, nothing about one's game reminds you of. The other one is, as you said, Rio is one of the most skilled players. One of the five most skilled players that we've probably ever seen with the size being seven foot tall, being able to handle the ball. He could shoot to three. He can got, he got the mid, he got the hezie, he can fit, get to the rim, he can fit free throws. He's a 88 80 9% free throw. So he's, he's as as skilled because guys that size, they normally play center.


They played with their back to the basket. We ain't see no guys shoot and Dirk can shoot the ball. Dirk was not putting it on the ball going between his leg, going between behind his back doing what KD ISS doing. He just wasn't doing this. Larry not even close. I mean Dirk had that Dirk patted that that one leg step back. He shoot it, it's going draw rain, but Yep. And still you, I I don't know if you're ever gonna see a guy at, at his size and skilled is KD his ability because of just for his ability to shoot the ball. Right. And I really show that one The volume.


Okay.


Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og Cool rush for yourself


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University. We support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. Now through June 26. Score hot summer savings and earn four times the points. Look for in-store tags on items like Pringles, Ritz crackers and chips, slice soda, wonder buttons, and bread and natural choice lunch meat. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery subject to availability restrictions apply. Visit safeway.com for more details


From the hosts of the HIT podcast I've had, it comes a bold, hilarious guide to navigating life's challenges with humor, resilience, and hope through raw honesty and sharp wit. Jennifer Welsh and Angie Pumps Sullivan share the lessons they've learned tackling addiction, heartbreak, and self-doubt together. Part memoir, part Survival Guide. Their book is packed with wisdom and laughs to help you find joy and connection no matter what life throws at you. Don't miss I iPad it by Jennifer Welsh and Angie Sullivan. Learn more@harpercollins.com. This Is an iHeart podcast.