
This is an iHeart podcast.


The best AI assistant isn't one that knows the whole world. It's one that knows your world. A custom assistant built on Watson X with IBM's granite models can leverage your trusted data. Be easily trained on your workflows and integrate with your apps. It can be tuned to do just what you need, because the more AI knows about your world, the more it can help you do. Learn more at ibm.com/productivity. IBM, let's create.


Hello. It is Ryan, and we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, You know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nissen report.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint and is back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


The volume, Man. Welcome to Nightcap. This is day three of the hijacking that me and my boy Ja. Well, not the hijacking, I don't want even use that term. The takeover. Take three of the takeover. I'm TJ Hu Mazada. That's James Harrison. And later on in the show we'll be joined by Keely, Ringo defensive back from the Eagles with University of Georgia from Las Vegas, Nevada.


Now y'all make sure y'all hit that like button, subscribe button, text a friend, call a friend. Tell them to do the same thing, the same thing while you add it top of the corner of the chat. We got the link to Mr Well, y'all seen it. Anybody that was tuned in yesterday or last night, you had a little Debo tank top on. So if you like it, go get your Debo gear. The link will be pinned at the top of the chat. So go ahead and support my boy in his Debo gear. He, he's dressed appropriately now. He not trying to scare anybody or show off them all them muscles he got, so he got a little t-shirt on day. So we good to go first off's.


Doing always good, man. Always good. You know, had to do the same thing I do every day. Workout. He ain't go work more boys out. They had to do some field work today. So that gave my son the opportunity to get out there and, and test out his ankle that he had that such degree repair. So he's, he's doing good. Speaking of your boys, I don't know if we touched on this yesterday or not. How is it now that they're of age and you can actually get on the field, get in the weight room out with 'em? I don't, I know how instruction, are you on they ass or are you kind of letting the dude you train with? 'cause I don't know him, but we gonna get in. His name is correct.


We gonna, we gonna get in the end also. But how is that just like Working Out with your sons now? They age. So I'll, I'll work out with one of 'em and someone will train the other one and then I'll switch, You know, day to day. And to be honest with you, man, it's all depending on what I'm getting from 'em. If I'm a, You know, jump on they butt or not, I usually have to jump on my youngest, but a little bit more than I do my oldest. I really don't have to jump on my oldest at all, to be honest with you. He's, he's more, he's more like me. He, he loves to do it. He, he wants to, You know, try and do it to the best of best of his abilities. And, You know, he wants to try and get stronger every day. My younger one, I just gotta, I gotta push him a little bit.


He's, he just now breaking through the point where he's getting used to the burn, the hurt, You know, the, the pain that you gotta go through to to, to build and, You know, he's, he's learning an appreciation for it. So it, it's a little more motivation talking to him. Of course, it's in my words, my language. It's not for everybody else's kids for me to coach 'em because I coach my kids as if they're mine. And if I was to coach yours, I'm gonna do the same thing if that's what you're looking for. But that's the only way I know how to, that's what they play. I got linebacker running back and safety running back.


Okay. And so let, let, I, I don't know Ian, but I feel like I know him because of UN Rrc RC being Ryan Clark. How did that, because you, where do you live now? I'm in Pittsburgh. I'm just out here. So I, I assume, I assume you were still living in Pittsburgh, but I, You know, they say when you assume Yeah. Make as you, oh, you, you live in Pittsburgh and Ian, if I'm not correct, is in Arizona. So you not playing and you still travel to Arizona to train with Ian. Obviously now your boys, but even when you were retired, you was just going out there to get however many weeks in, wouldn't even head back home. Home, yeah. So after I was done, I, I had a workout app that I had out, so I was doing a lot of filming for that.


And You know, in the process of building out that app and doing all the exercises so I could have a, You know, the whole platform ready to go and, and, and do all that. But You know, it's, You know, that's like my vacation. You know, most people, they want to go to a, You know, they wanna go to Florida or somewhere. They want to go out and eat and party and do all that. I wanna go see the gym, You know, if I take a vacation, I'm not leaving no more than three days. If it ain't got a gym, I may not leave at all. Like, it's not happening. Like if I can't get to a gym, we ain't going nowhere. Like if I When did you start training with Ian? When, when in your career, what year in your career did you start training with?


2000? So here's something, so 2000, I think it was nine 10, sorry, 2000. Oh, 10, right, right in the middle. Yeah. So it was 2009, 2010. I started with him and the big reason I started with him is he was doing a lot of soft tissue work for me. That's when I hurt my back. I ended up having to get surgery at the end of the season and they, they locked us out. So after I got the surgery, they locked us out. So I couldn't do none of my therapy anywhere. And I ended up doing all my therapy here in Arizona with him. And from that time, You know, forward, I had just, I just got stronger and stronger.


I got leaner and leaner. You know, he, he helped me to actually really dial in my diet and understand what it is that I needed to eat. Shouldn't eat the amounts that I could eat and, You know, come to realize like you could smash as much. He said anything that, You know, runs, flies or swims, you could, you, you could almost eat as much as that, You know, as you want. And then, You know, stay away from anything that I was a, You know, that was a car and I basically went into almost like a, a keto diet and dude, I, I wasn't close to Working Out as hard as I could 'cause I was recovering from the surgery and doing the therapy of it. But, You know, I dropped down to almost, You know, 8% body fat in that time.


It runs, flies and swim. So I get that part of it. So what, what about the fruit? Because that ain't running, flying and swimming. You can't eat all the fruit you want. Or is it because it's this, because it, natural sugar don't mean, don't mean it's not carbs. It's, it's, it's, You know, it's what they call good sugar, but it's still carbs. So, oh man. And I, I don't know, then I ain't see, I get like four weeks where it would just be zero. Any carbs that I got was from the meat and, You know, whatever else. And then you would be allowed to get like a, You know, like a half cup of berries. So the only thing that, You know, I was allowed was berries. So blackberries, blueberries, strawberries, that was the lowest man.


I just ate the whole thing of blueberry. I mean, blackberries whole thing just by myself right now. Like, I don't know, I eat whatever, like I, well you can, I mean look at you, you one of them dudes that can eat whatever, don't gain no weight. Don't, You know what I'm saying? Like, I hate y'all, You know? Nah man, but I don't like, no, this what happen. Let me, so when we, when I retired, I didn't go to the, I didn't go to the doctor, bro, no lie. Last year was 2012. I went to the doctor. The first time I went to the doctor after I retired was 20, 21 and I retired in 2012, right?


I'm not lying. Got all the Japan for insurance and I ain't using it, right? And so I go to the doctor, boom, everything fine, no problems. So he was like, we gonna do your blood work. So I go do my blood work and then he called me like a week later and was like, can you come into the office? I'm like, come into the office. The fuck. Like, I'm now nervous, like, bro, you can't tell me it's over the phone, but come into the office. So then I drive, You know, it's like 40 minutes away and he was like, everything's checked out fine except your cholesterol. And I'm like, first thing I, I'm like, bro, I don't even eat a lot of french fries and fried food.


Like if my kids go to Chick-fil-A or something, I might eat a fry or two, but I'm not eating the whole thing. And he's like, nah, refined sugar is worse for your cholesterol than fried foods. And I'm like, well, okay. In every car that I have, I keep a bag of candy in the middle console. 'cause as soon as I get in, I'm eating the candy. And I was probably even when I was playing when I was retired, I would probably eat four scoops of ice cream four or five days a week with like two sprinkle cupcakes trash. So I was eating that like damn near every day.


He said my cholesterol, and I don't know if You know the numbers, but I was 282 and he wanted, and they wanted to be under 200. And I got nervous. So I literally, I didn't eat any candy, any ice cream. I felt like a crack head bro, because like I was like feeding for some candy and some ice cream. But I didn't eat it for like eight months straight. Nothing, nothing. And then I gradually, like every blue moon now, I'll eat some ice cream here and there. I'll eat some candy here and there, but I'm a asshole because, or I'm a dumb asshole. I ain't been back to the doctor since 2021. And I keep saying that I'm gonna go back 'cause I want to see has my cholesterol, has it dropped yet?


And so I need to see if I had that type of discipline because we, you may think, oh, I look good, but on the inside, yeah, you slowly die. Yeah. Yeah. You got, you got a lot of guys that look, You know, look like Hercules on the outside and on the inside, You know, they, You know, they weaker than a, You know, a 3-year-old girl. So it's, it's, and then they're unhealthy too, You know, I'm saying it's, it's a, it's a combination what you just said it say a three year, say a 3-year-old child, not a 3-year-old girl, three year year old child who year old child ain't gonna, like the women ain't gonna like that 3-year-old child ain't gonna like that. Okay.


But, so I, Ian is helping as far as the food part aspect, the, the strength part extended your career and, and that's why you're there with your sons. Yeah, yeah. So I'm, I'm trying to, well my, my oldest, he, he sort of got the, got the understanding of what it was that he needed to do after he had to have a, a couple surgeries. So he blew his SC joint and You know, from that point forward, everything I was trying to tell him, I'm like, dude, you gotta eat right. You gotta take care of your body. You know, You know, you gotta, you, you wanna expire to, You know, go to college and, You know, possibly go further than that. So you need to start doing the things necessary now to preserve and prolong your body.


And from that point forward, last July, he actually just totally stopped eating any really refined sugars. He's, he dropped his lowest like 1 55 after. He's up to like 2 0 7 now. So he put, he put on a little over 50 pounds of, of he my weight that's, I weigh this morning when I woke up. Okay. 2 0 7. Oh you ain't no 2 0 7. Hey. And I told you I was Working Out. I got 50 more pushups to do and that'll be 500 for the day and I'm doing my legs tomorrow. You ain't listen, you ain't, you ain't no 2 0 7. Yeah, please squat.


I'm 2 0 7. How tall are you? 207 pounds. How tall are you? Six two. Six two. How would you think I weigh? I mean, it's possible. I was, I was looking give you like 180 5, You know. Oh my god. That's, that's Chad, that's disrespectful. Chad 180 5. I'm just saying like, I'm, I'm looking at like, kind of the same Bill


Malcolm Gladwell here. I recently recorded the first episode of Smart Talks with IBM, where I learned how AI agents are joining AI assistance as a major productivity tool. Let's start with AI agents. AI agents can reason, plan and collaborate with other AI tools to autonomously perform tasks for a user. Brian Bittle, an expert from IBM, gave me an example of how a college freshman might use an AI agent. As a new student you may not know how do I deal with my health and wellness issue? How many credits am I gonna get for this given class? You could talk to someone and find out some of that, but maybe it's a little bit sensitive and you don't want to do that. Bissell told me you could build an AI agent, a resource for new students that helps them navigate a new campus, register for classes, access the services they need, and even schedule appointments on their behalf, which in turn buys them more time to focus on their actual schoolwork. We can see patterns of how agents and assistants can help employees and customers and end users be more productive. Automate workflows so they're not doing certain types of repetitive work over and over again and streamlining their lives and making data more accessible to them 24 hours a day. To learn more about IBM's AI agents and how they can help your business, visit ibm.com/agents.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beings in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks, smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay, I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care, attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years, so I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice refreshing, easy summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by Fifth Generation Inc. Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Hey, It's Ryan Reynolds here from MIT Mobile. Now I was looking for fun ways to tell you that mince offer of unlimited premium wireless for $15 a month is back. So I thought it would be fun if we made $15 bills, but it turns out that's very illegal. So there goes my big idea for the commercial. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month required new customer offer for first three months only speed. Slow after 35 gigabytes of networks, busy taxes and fees, extra se min mobile.com.


Now you, you see bro, don't play with me. You see my shoulders. My shoulders are huge. They're not like my shoulders are big. See this shirt is an extra large. The other day I had on a large, so then I was, I was looking bigger than what I am. Come on bro. Man, you and my son, you don't, these shows and then, and then if I stood up, you son wear the same size shirt and then you see this fire power down below. Yeah, pause. Hey James. When I was, yeah, yeah, pause for real. When I was in, so, You know, I went juco, I went Juco and then I, when I was in college, no bullshit, You know, I benched 395 pounds.


I did 2 25. I could listen. I could believe that. 'cause a lot of our skilled dudes when I was in college were super strong. Dude. I did 2 25, 23 times. I was squatting like four 50. My vert was 39. Yeah, no lie, swear to God. I promise you. You see, it's crazy 'cause I had this, everybody old TJ was slow. T You know what, tomorrow I'm gonna see if I be find it bro. I went, I ran 10, five and a hundred meters in junior college. 21 3 in the 200 Cerritos junior college. Yeah, I'm mean that's, that's, that's cool. That's cool. You know, that mean they kind of doing that in high school right now, but You know.


Yeah, yeah. They, they much, I'm just saying. Yeah, 180 5, man, I weighed that high. I was 1 78 getting outta high school. Me and you was around the grade. Hey I was, I was, I was one 90 in high school. Oh, so we was about the same weight. Yeah. Yeah. My Pedro said I was, You know, it's always two inches and 20 pounds. It said I was 6 2, 2 10, You know what I'm saying? Hey. And I came into the league at two 18 when Marvin Lewis got there. 'cause You know your Dick Lebo was my coach. Yeah. My first two in the league. Yeah. Then when Marvin Lewis got to the Bengals, he basically made me lose weight.


So then I got to about 2 0 5. He was like, the NFL is is not about being big, it's how you move. I need you to lose weight. And I was, I'm built like I'm ripping up. I'm like, where am I lose weight at? And I lost weight because I was like on that field. I was drinking that milkshake though, like four scoops of ice cream. And then I'll make a milkshake sometimes at night. I just stopped doing that because I eat the ice cream and then some nights I make a milkshake. Yeah. And I just lost weight. That's simple. That's easy. All you gotta do is step away from the table. A lot of people don't understand that. Like, I don't eat that much. I only eat once a day. But you snacking all throughout the day and you tearing up, You know, three, 400 carbs, You know, from all the high fatty food, little chips here, You know, nuts here and, and all the other, You know, all the other stuff, You know, trail mix and all that.


And they think, You know, it don't really count. I'm like, yeah. So, so what was it about RC when you saw him that made you wanna go work with Ian? Because he referred, what was it that you saw in RC that made you say, let me go try him out? So what happened is I was having issues with my back and RC was like, yo, you, you need to see my dude. And so that season leading up to when we played green band Super Bowl, Ian was doing soft tissue work on me, You know, helping me get through the season so that I didn't have to get, You know, surgery. So that's what initially got me into seeing him.


So I was seeing him like once a week, You know what I'm saying? And from there, after that happened, I ended up getting my surgery done and I had already made the plans that I was gonna go out there and train. But when they locked us out, I ended up going out there and doing all my therapy out there. And like I'm so happy that, that, You know, that that's what happened. My recovery, the buildup was totally different than, You know, what you're going to get, You know, at the team how they proceed and, and, and do their therapy. You know, his understanding of how the body works, what's going to, You know, what you combine with this and what you combine with that to, You know, to get a a, a better result, You know, from, You know, just even exercise, You know what I'm saying?


Combining different exercises to get up. What, what city, what city you in, in Arizona. He in Scottsdale. It's in temp now. Man, I might have to go fuck with Ian. I might have to take my son out 'cause I had terrible back problems. Dude. I'm telling you, if I, if I had had in at the very beginning of my career, I almost feel like a hundred percent that I would've never had to have a surgery. Really? No. Yes. Like you gotta realize, You know, they say, oh well you knee is, You know, it's, it's wear and tear.


The cartilage is scraping so they want to go in and scope it. Right. Well what you don't understand is not just wear and tear, something's not firing. Right. Your muscles aren't functioning the same way they were before, so it's causing your knee to not wear into that same groove. Maybe it's edging off like this and now it's scraping on that garbage. So what they go in and do is they go in and fix what's giving you the pain. They don't actually fix what causes it. Yeah. They not fixing the car. Went and actually did muscle testing and figure it out. You know what your, your quad, You know your, your one of your quad muscles isn't firing.


Right. Let's do what we need to do to get that back activated and firing. Right. It'll line that align of that knee back up and you won't have it, You know, scraping off cartilage. Well send Ian number. Let Ian know you gave me his number so when I hit him up, he ain't acting like he don't know who I am. I I I hit that. All you gotta do is text and let let him know you going, you gonna hit him up. But yeah. Yeah. You got, now he's busy season. So it's a bunch of guys out here right now, so. Oh nah, I'm, I'm just, it's for the future. I ain't listen me Working Out, I'm gonna work, I'm doing, I'm doing Jim Jones workout man. I'm doing pullups pushups. We don't do that. Yeah. If that's what you coming to do, don't come here.


No, I'm talking about for my son. Okay. Like, I wait, I haven't, man, I ain't got under a bench press. I haven not benched at least 10 years. Yeah. At least it's, it's, it's a few. It it is, it is been a a, a number of guys that come here talking about they, You know, they ready to get it in and they go through leg day and then we don't see 'em no more. See, but that ain't me though. Like mentally I'm a animal. I'm like the Navy seal up here. Hey, I'm not quitting with nothing. I don't, I'll die before I quit. That's one thing that I will, I won't quit like I'm throwing up. You, you, you assigned. I'm not quit the book.


I got too much pride. Yeah, yeah. Dos won't come back after a hard day. That bro. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. They don't come back at all. That ain't me. Yeah. Like that's my thing about me. You don't see, you don't see 'em no more. Cats get a week in there and they like, yeah, this is what it is. Yeah. This is what it is. It's work over here in PP ain't no hole in me. That's one. I'm not, it's work. That's one thing. Like no, no, no. Nah. I, I guess I just look like this but I'm coming back. Yeah. You know, coming far. I wanna be pushed. We love, yeah, we love to work like, You know, the leg. I ain't gonna lie to you man. Your first couple leg days, probably your first two, three weeks of legs. You know what I'm saying? Normally the, the cycle goes, Monday is legs and Thursday is legs.


And then Tuesdays basically back, chest, back, we call it push pull. Wednesdays is core. It's core Friday is shoulders and Saturdays is by a tries do six days a week here. See my core is strong. My core is strong as hell. 'cause I always had a bad back. So I made sure that my core, it ain't no it I'm doing all core. Like I'm killing that, that that's gonna be the easy day for me. No it ain't. I'm telling my shit. Like I I'm telling you, I just, if I really worked out, I'd be built like you. I just, today, Thursday, I hurt nothing all week. You, I don't get me wrong, you'll make it through. But you I know I'm gonna make it through. Oh, you gonna hurt? No, no question.


Like I'm gonna act like it don't hurt. No, you, you, it's impossible man. Ian, I'm no, bro, I'm pulling, I promise you it's impossible. I'm, I'm pulling up, I'm pulling up. So he aint he he done got and then when my son get of age, yeah. I'm bringing him out there for sure. For sure. Stardom young, You know RC son Jordan? Yeah, he's, yeah. Yeah, he, he, he's out, he's out here right now. But You know, he went to Arizona State. So he actually got to do a, when he was in Arizona State, he got do Yeah, he got a lot of work with him and I don't know, I just like RC went with him from day one, You know what I'm saying? And rcs still going out there Working Out.


Like he playing RC got his thing too though. DB Precision though. Yeah. See, so I train, I trained a lot of guys for the draft every year. I've been doing it now like five years, all receivers inside. And I done train probably like in the last five years. Probably 31st and second rounds. Okay. That's what's up. Yeah. Like, knock on wood, the last four years, that guy right there, I done trained the top Rican receiver in the league the last four, four years. Okay. Okay. That's, yeah. And that, that, that part of it is fun. I like, I like the being able to teach him and the why.


Okay, look, when he plays you this way, these are the things that we want to do. These are the things that we are looking for. We understand zone, where to sit. I'm, look, I'm teaching a protections. I'm, I'm okay. I want you to look inside. If it look like it's a blitz and it's going to be picked up, understand what you can do. If it looks like it's a blitz and it's not going to be picked up, you can't be dancing at the line of scrimmage. If you have press coverage, the quarterback gonna be on his back. No question. So we kind of go through everything and now when my guys do, they interviews, I got coaches now calling me like TJ Buddy Sharp, he knows stuff like a quarterback. I'm like exactly.


Then we going over protection, we going over what the middle linebacker job is covered for, what the safety job is cover for what is in cover three, cover three sky, what's the fire zone? We going through all that. Yeah. And so that part of it, that's partly why I'm probably not chubby. I got too much pride to get chubby. But when they, when I know the training is coming around, I gotta make sure I'm in, I'm in shape because I gotta move around with 'em like tomorrow. I ain't gonna lie. See I got fat there for a minute. So, but hey, tomorrow I'm hopping on the track and I'm running hopping on the track and I'm gonna run for a good hour. I'm gonna get it in, do some stuff.


Yeah. Not too heavy to run that long. How much QA I dropped I so you about two 50. I'm down at like 2 55, 2 6. Oh, what was you like two 80? Oh, Chad just text me. Oh, he don't want no problems. I'll knock his ass out. Yep. He he'll get tired in the first round til Chad, I'm down til Chad, I'm down to 2 55. Oh. And he just, oh okay. He said he wore a tank top yesterday. Thought it was gonna scare me. I, he realized I ain't get scared. So he put a t-shirt on. Nah, it's my supplement company. Me and my partner Ian. It is Optimum. EFX. Yeah.


Yeah. They, they going go Yeah, run that too. The Dubuque was gonna go click and they going, they gonna support you the de bulk gear and the optimum. Lift it up a little bit more. Lift it up there little bit more. There you go. Optimum. EFX. There we go. There it is. So let, let's get, let's get into some football. Let's get into some football. Yeah, for sure. Your hometown team, the team that you will be going into the Hall of Fame as representing this team. Pittsburgh Theater. So Aren Rogers, she say, I don't want the attention when I'm done playing. You won't see me when it's all, when this is all said and done is Kaiser. So you won't see me. I won't be in public, in public.


I won't live a public life. That's why it's so strange what's going on right now in my private life. 'cause I don't wanna live a life in a public eye. I'm not gonna be in a public eye when this is done, I'm done. You won't see me and I'm looking forward to that. Right. But then why you gonna do the Pat McAfee show every Tuesday during the season? Why didn't you sign with the Pittsburgh theaters a long time ago? 'cause the longer you wait, You know, you gonna constantly be talked about how one, do you believe that two, how is it going from a player and when you are a good player as as you were and I was, you in a public eye.


You, you can't, you can't go to the grocery store anywhere you go. You sign an autograph. Do you believe that's possible for Aren Rogers? Do I believe it's possible for him to go off the map and be not 16? Do you think he'll do that? I dunno. He might want to go into the jungle and do what he was doing before. Like, I mean that's what I mean, that's possible. I would, I would, I would think so. But does he really want to do it? If I knew him better and then just all the stories I hear from all the stories I hear, I don't believe there's no way in hell he believe he, he's he's saying what he actually believed. Okay. You, you don't know Aren Rogers, but you played with Ben Ensberg.


Is that, is that like no comparison? Nah, nah, no comparison at all? Nah, man. That that's, that's, that's why, why is that, to explain that from the, what I get from the media with Aren Ben is not, it's nowhere near there. You know what I'm saying? Like the, the caliber of just, You know, over the topness and, and and kind of just calling guys out and, and throwing cats under the bus, You know, as coaches and all, I, I just didn't, I didn't, I didn't get that from Ben.


You know, it may have been situations and circumstances where he may have said something and it was, it was taken by the media as that. But I'm, You know, almost 90% sure he probably said it to him behind closed doors before it was even said. So, I, I just didn't, You know, the, the only thing that may have happened with Ben, like in his, when he was younger was, You know, he may have exaggerated how hurt he was or something, You know, so he wanted sympathy. No. So he makes you look a little tougher, man.


You know, Ben is a tough dude no matter what. Like, You know, he's sitting there, he is taking the hits, he's doing all that, but, and big as big as fuck. Right? You know, as big as fuck. Sometimes he may, he may embellish, You know, a little bit of what's, You know, what's going on, You know, so that when you go out there and he dogg y'all, You know, like, oh my God, he played through so much. You got the victory. Victory, You know, so it is right.


So Malcolm Gladwell here. I recently recorded the first episode of Smart Talks with IBM where I learned how AI agents are joining AI assistance as a major productivity tool. Let's start with AI agents. AI agents can reason, plan and collaborate with other AI tools to autonomously perform tasks for a user. Brian Ell, an expert from IBM, gave me an example of how a college freshman might use an AI agent. As a new student you may not know how do I deal with my health and wellness issue? How many credits am I gonna get for this given class? You could talk to someone and find out some of that, but maybe it's a little bit sensitive and you don't want to do that. Bissell told me you could build an AI agent, a resource for new students that helps them navigate a new campus, register for classes, access the services they need, and even schedule appointments on their behalf, which in turn buys them more time to focus on their actual schoolwork. We can see patterns of how agents and assistants can help employees and customers and end users be more productive. Automate workflows so they're not doing certain types of repetitive work over and over again and streamlining their lives and making data more accessible to them. 24 hours a day. To learn more about IBM's AI agents and how they can help your business, visit ibm.com/agents.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Hi, it's Colin from the Colin Coward podcast. That would make sense that I would be the host of the Colin Coward podcast. I mean, that's the way I see it. I've been around long enough to know quality when I see it, or in this case when I taste it. Tito's handmade vodka. Good stuff. No flash, no gimmicks, smooth, clean tasting. Made the right way. Okay, I like things that are built to last. A great team, a well run organization. Same goes for my vodka. Tito's made in Austin, Texas. Real care, attention to detail. Distinct, crisp taste. I was just telling my wife the other day, Tito's is the one vodka. It has a completely distinct taste. Been my go-to for years. So I like to keep it simple. Tito's soda, one lime. Lot of ice. Refreshing, easy Summer, winter, spring. Totally versatile. Always works. Listen, baseball season's here, your team's gonna play 162 games. A perfect time to kick back with some Titos. It's what I pour you should too. Distilled and bottled by fifth generation in Austin, Texas. 40% alcohol by volume saver responsibly.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell here from Revisionist History. What are you doing October 20th? Well, if you're a T-Mobile for business customer, the answer to that question could be getting recognized from my team's game changing work. Sounds great. Right? Well that's just the tip of the iceberg. If your organization used T-Mobile for business to do something incredible, we wanna hear about it. Nominate your team's most outside the box projects for a chance to get the recognition you so dearly deserve. T-Mobile is looking for companies that took big swings and kept swinging until the job was done. Honorees will receive a significant donation to a charity of their choice. Bragging rights, a cool trophy. And also I'll be right there as a keynote speaker and special guest Judge entries closed July 31st. So head to T-Mobile dot com slash enter to learn more and nominate your team.


Okay, now you played, you played for Mike Tomlin. Do you believe Aren Rogers and Mike Tomlin, they can make this relationship, this partnership work knowing the type of listen. So I think they can make it work if they win it, if they start losing and it's looking like they ain't gonna make above 500, I think it gets real ugly real fast. Like to the point of like they make no, don't think like seconds. No, no, I'm saying to the point of like, they may just be like, You know what, let's let this dude go midseason for Aren.


Like let's just get him out here to put one of these other quarterbacks in. You know, my T ain't going nowhere. My tee ain't going nowhere. So everybody that believes, You know, my t needs to go somewhere. That's not gonna happen. You got a coach, right? Oh, you don't believe it's poss you don't think it's in the realm of any possibility that Aren Rogers can get Mike Tomlin fired at all? No, only person get Mike timely fired is Mike Tomlin. If he goes and You know, and puts up a couple losing seasons, then I don't see him getting fired. You know, he has a number of years left on his contract. I could see the possibility of, of them not renewing him but not firing him. That's just something that to the, the distiller's not gonna do.


Especially after having, You know, this much success over that longer timeframe without a losing season. Don't get me wrong. Yes, I understand. We have not won a playoff game since 2016 and that, and it ain't gonna win one this year either. And, and and that is a huge, that is a huge drought. But You know, you got six in one hand, half a dozen in the other, You know what I'm saying? Grass ain't always green on the other side and You know, maybe a lot of people don't wanna go over there and check it out. So I don't Yeah, to me, I I I see it work it when you win covers up a lot.


Covers up a lot. Covers up a lot. When you start losing then it's gonna come out. 'cause man should have signed earlier. Motherfucker wait until many kept the sign. You'd have been hearing the OTAs and it would've been more have something to say. Yeah. When you start losing. But when you winning it kind of just covers up, it covers up all, all the bs. It covers up all the bs it covers. Yeah. All the stuff in the locker room. As soon as you start losing the first thing the media is in there doing, is they watching? Now they're looking. You think the Steelers can make the playoffs? Do I think the Steelers can make the playoffs? Yeah. I really, yeah. Who they gonna, who they gonna knock out?


Because let's just go through it right now. Right? We got the chiefs in there, right? Yeah. Right. The Chargers. No they made it last year. Jim Harbaugh. I got lucky. No, no, no. Jim Harbaugh his second year as a head coach. Everywhere he's been has been a huge jump. You think that jump is not gonna continue or you think it stops just this every, every place he's been Nah, I'm playing with you. Okay, hold on, hold on, hold. I Think you would. I'm not putting hold up. Let's go. We gonna go through the A FC and I want you to tell me who they gonna knock out. So we think the Chiefs, the Chargers, the Broncos, that's the A FFC West.


'cause those all three were playoff teams last year. Bo Nixon, his second year, he's probably gonna be better with Sean Payton. Nah, he gonna have that sophomore let down sophomore slump. Huh? Okay. And then you go to the AFC East, the bill's gonna be in, so that's four teams that made it a FC north. We probably gonna pick the Ravens for sure. That's five teams. And then you got the A FC South. Whether it is the Texans, the Colts, the Titans, whoever it is, you gotta realize something of all those teams you said, I feel like our defense can play better and if we get a quarterback that can actually quarterback yo de, I don't believe y'all defense was better than the Broncos defense last year.


They wasn't better than the Broncos. The Broncos had one of the best defenses in the league with two of the better pass rushers in the league. I said could play better. I didn't say was better, but if they didn't play better last year and you got the young defense that got better in Denver. 'cause now this is what, this is how I look at it. The Steelers gonna be competing with these teams. 'cause it's gonna be one spot where all these teams, I'm about to name the Miami Dolphins, then the New England Patriots and the Bengals. Those three teams. Yeah, we got all them. Huh? We got all them. Y'all can't beat us tonight. Y'all not beating. We got y'all not beating us. Y'all not beating us.


Y'all not beating us. Come on. Huh? Y'all not gonna beat us. Yes. Y'all can't stop us. Stop. Who? Joe Burrow, Jamar Chase, key Higgins, chase Brown, Mike Gosei. Y'all not stopping us. And then that and then that old line. What happened last year? Huh? What happened last year? One and one. Okay. And and the bad part is the game that y'all won, it was effing bro. We let Russell Wilson shred us for 400 yards in the air. Best game of the season. We got new defensive coordinator. I bet money on that. We gonna beat y'all ass both games this year.


Hey, You know what? Now that we talking about the Steelers and Bengals producers, Hey y'all got the clip that we was talking about yesterday when I did my shoes? So we can get in that real quick before Keely, Ringo get on. Y'all got, y'all got that? Okay. Hold up, pause it, pause it, pause it, pause it right quick. Pause it right quick. So let's go backstory, right? So that season we were one of the best teams in the league. We all young Carson, our quarterback, myself, Chad, Chris, het receiver, may he rest in peace. We, we was damn near unbeatable. Our offense was top three in the league. If I'm not mistaken. Our defense, total yards weren't good, but they were number one and forced turnovers. And we played the Steelers in Pittsburgh and I forget the hotel we stayed at.


It was a big ass hotel in Pittsburgh, man. And I get on the elevator, bunch of Pittsburgh Steeler fans and then, You know, they talking shit. But they being super cool. So I told Buddy they had terrible towels and they're just waving 'em and I'm just joking with 'em and whatnot. And I say, Hey, let me buy that from you. $20. He's like, no. I said a hundred dollars. Soon as I said a hundred dollars. He said, yeah. So I gave him a hundred dollars. Yeah. And he gave me the terrible towel. Well you what you got hotel for 1999 from where? Anywhere. I'm about, I'm about to get on the team bus to go to the stadium. Oh right then. Yeah. Okay. And so we come out for pre-game. We come out for pre-game and I got it onto my left side as a streamer.


So I'm warming up with that thing, You know, with that thing down. And Marvin walks by me and he snatches it. So I turn around because I, I'm telling myself pregame, I turn around like, ma, give me it back bro. What you I like, I try to take it back. He wouldn't give it back to me. So the whole game, obviously I didn't have it. So the game ends, by the way, I had a great game. I had two touchdowns over, I think I had over a hundred yards, but I know I for sure had two touchdowns. So as we walk into the tunnel, it was hanging out. I guess he must have given it to Hugh Jackson. You know, it was kind of, I could see part of it hanging out the back pocket of his pants.


Man, I pulled that shit right on out. I'm running off the field like this and then I get towards the tunnel and I was like, let me sit down and just do this now y'all go ahead and play it. Go ahead and play it. So I just started doing that. Just it, it was just kind of impromptu. I had thought about it and I didn't think anything of it. Yeah, that was a downfall right there, baby. I didn't, I didn't think anything of it. I was just having fun. Right. You never had the curse of the tail on time. Hey, I didn't, it real, it is real crazy because I'm, I talk a lot of video. I play video games. Right. Just Madden. I'm in a Madden chat right now. The, the chat damn near every player in the chat is from Pittsburgh.


They all love the Steelers. And so when they, 'cause I don't tell people who I am. So when they found out it was me, I know them boys hate me 'cause I be talking shit. They be talking, I just lost one of these motherfuckers in the a FC championship game too, by the way. But anyway, explain to the people, the listeners. We, so we played y'all, we had a home game. We ended up playing Cincinnati Bengals. Pittsburgh Steelers in a wild card game. We were at home. We should have won that game. We were winning that game. But I didn't even get to play all that game. I got hurt yet. Like that was my Super bowl because had that not happened to Carson when they introduced me, they wouldn't be saying Super Bowl champ.


TJ Hu Mazada. 'cause nobody was beating us that year. Yeah. If you didn't, if you didn't rub your feet on that time, oh, we lose the game. Carson Palmer gets hurt. First play Chris Henry gets hurt. The first play, which was a 50, 60 yard bomb, if you recall, first play of the game, we bomb the fuck outta y'all. And both of those guys go down. Now let's rewind, explain, because I've heard it so many times, but I'm getting bits and pieces of it. Bill Coward, the head coach, explain all of that. That led up to it. And then he bring, to be honest with you, I I really couldn't recall exactly what he said in the, in the meeting, but it was pointed out and the video was shown for sure.


Like yeah, it, it, it was shown. And like I said, I think I got hurt the very first play, like on kickoff. And then the next play I think is when oh dude got y'all quarterback got hurt. Yeah. Kimo Kim hit him low, cheap, cheap shot at him. Nah. Hey, You know Kimo don't cheat shot, I stopped. No, he's not a cheap no, he, he's a, he's a standup dude. He, I wouldn't, he didn't cheap shot him purposely, but it was a late hit and it was low. It was low. I don't know how late it was. He was kind of falling into it. So towards his ACL Yeah, it was. But with that being said, I believe we were up, it was either 17 seven at halftime or 1710.


We still should have won the game. We had a lot of, we had a lot of mishaps at halftime. Dude, I couldn't explain that to y'all when he come back. He can explain that to y'all if you want to. Y'all ask Chad, You know what the mishaps were at halftime. But yeah man, that, that was the year. So I'm young. That's prop that's my third or fourth year maybe. So I'm thinking, oh, next year we gonna be right back here. We we gonna be right back. We got the same team. Nope. Oh, it don't work like that. No, it don't work. Like you think cats don't, cats don't understand and realize all of the nuances that go into each season and each game and each play and how this play right here could have turned out differently and they don't understand how hard it is to get back.


Especially when you get there like young, You know, it's like we be back. Nah, that, that shit, that shit is, I was like, we gonna be back next year and never got back. We was always good on offense though. I will say that we was still running and gunning on offense. We was out that bitch like the Pacers or the Golden State Warriors. We just won the Pacers Win championship like the Warrior. But we just Yeah. Point. We just must, we won't winning just long. Always go too far. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We wasn't Golden State 'cause they was winning championships. The Volume


Career changers, including veterans and active duty service members. Your transition starts here. Go from GI to IT in a matter of months. Become a certified cyber warrior with training at my computer career. Cybersecurity specialists are in high demand offering it pros, great opportunities and a rewarding lifestyle while protecting our people, liberty and treasured institutions from cyber threats. Deploy your career in IT today. Learn more@mycomputercareer.edu slash cwp. Skill bridge and other VA benefits are available to those who qualify.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Can't afford Ozempic Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the e and start Losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Riley Herps from 2311 racing here. And You know what grinds my gears. Waiting for coffee. But instead of counting Fra Hays and Lattes, I fire up Jumbo Casino. No apps, no fuss. Just fun social casino games to pass the time. By the time my coffee's ready order for Riley, I've already taken a few victory laps. Next time you're stuck waiting. Make it entertaining. Play for free@chumbacasino.com. Let's chumba Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group vote where prohibited by law 21 plus turns and conditions apply.


This is an iHeart podcast.