
Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings, Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit rocket.com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939. With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humid door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers


The


Volume Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit ccp g.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Ocho what happening did you get re this airman's bag for Valentine's Day? Ray posted a pig who earlier. Woo. She did. She got Oh well she must, oh she must have been out there spending that money, boy. Yeah. You know, listen, I listen. If, if you ain't with me, if you ain't my lady, if you ain't my old lady and we ain't together, I ain't spending no money on you, boy. So you know it wasn't me. Huh? I don't play that. I don't even play that. I don't even play. It was him, Chad. Huh? It was him. Chad. I Now, I don't play that with, I like spinning on somebody that don't claim me publicly. Shoot man. Oh. That ain't go Right there. It was him. What it say? Ooh, ooh. What, what? Ooh, somebody bought us something nice.


That might be a little boo. Huh? You ooh, she might got her little boo or something. Huh? Man, you bought that. You ain't fooling me. Hey Listen, I'm Yeah, I'm just tell you, I'm gonna tell you like it is. Huh? I I was sleep all day. I'm trying to recover from my week in New Orleans, so I ain't even had Your credit card. Your, your credit card wasn't sleep. It, it must have been. 'cause I ain't, I ain't had no charge. Hey, I tell you what, you get a charge that here a little much. Well, one thing about it, I, it is one thing about me. You know me, I don't leave with no money. And if you, You, why y'all been together five years? Cut that bull drive talking about leave with money. It's, it's been, it's been six though. But, but that's number been six.


But hey, listen, I, I don't, I don't know who bought that boy, but I, whoever bought that I sold Ocho. Huh? Ocho bought it. Nah, nah. I'm, I'm telling, I'm telling you bro, I wouldn't lie to you. I lied for you before I lied to you. But whoever bought that boy keeping gifts coming, boy. Because the more you do, the less I got to. You hear me? No, you gotta match it Not match. Who ain't nothing. I, I finna hit the match. Yeah. Chad On Chad. I don't know where that came from. Y'all know your boy don't spin like that boy. Especially not on somebody that ain't mine. You hear me? Huh? Stay with me. It's still yours. Nah, I don't know boy.


Somebody done bought re something boy. You know what? She might have bought it herself and they acted like somebody bought it because IIII done seen that happen before too. Me too. Did you buy Titus tus said Nah, I ain't got no money. Said my daddy seizes my credit card. Steel Super fan pays for a billboard begging Art Rooney to trade Tomlin or sell the team. The standard is mediocrity trade Tomlin or sell the team Rooney. We've had enough. The standard is mediocrity trade Tomlin or sell the team paid for by Kevin Adams. Oh Joe. Hey mediocrity 17 win season above 518 17 win season.


That's mediocrity. How many Super Bowl appearances? They haven't won playoff games since 2016 is 2025 mediocrity. See, hold On. Lemme lemme ask you a question. Yes. So they let, they let Tomlin go, right? Yeah. His name is Kevin Adams. Huh? Kevin Adams. Yep. You let Tomlin go who you bring. See what, what happens? What happens there? That's the same thing men and women do. I can't get outta relationship 'cause who am I'm gonna get to replace is what I got and I'll stay in a bad relationship. You see what you did, you see, Hey, and you know what happened. 98% of the time they lead that person thinking the grass is green on the other side and be right there watering nothing but goddamn soil.


But Here's the thing though, Ocho, if, if Mike Thomas say the standard is the standard six Super Bowls where being above 500, the standards. Well, hold on Fed how you, hold on. I, alright, well listen, we gotta be realistic as well. Now we have to be realistic as well. You have to build yourself up to having a Super Bowl team. You know what that takes? It takes personnel. You know what that, you know what else that takes? It takes a quarterback. A quarterback that is consistent. We don't have any questions coming into the season. Who's going to be a starter? Mike, Tom? There's different factors that come into play even being able to get to the standard.


So Mike Tomlin has, has no say in personnel. He has no say in fringes. He has no say in the final 53. He has no say in anything draft. Yeah, he does. Okay. He Does. So he bears some culpability. Yep. When Ben, when Ben was getting old, when Ben was getting old, not the last year, but when Ben was getting old, did they go out and get another quarterback? When f was getting old? What did Packers do? They went and got Roger. When Roger old, what did they do? Don't Joe, they went out and got Joy. Love. When Ben Roger was getting old. What did they do? They let him wither on the vine. That's talking. They let him what? Let him wither on the vine.


Oh, that's a good one. I ain't even heard that before with on the vine. So I'm just saying, I mean, when, when you watch the steel, when you look at the Steelers and at any point in time do you say, you know what? That team go to the Super Bowl. When was the last time you said it? Ocho? During, during my tenure. Matter of fact, during my tenure, every, every year we played them, they were a team whose identity was their offense. No, their identity was their defense. They had an opportunity to go to Super Bowl. Now I haven't seen that. Still the, the game in general, the landscape of the game has changed in general as far as the Steelers, the crowds? No. They they've been shifted. They shifted once they got Ben AB and Labon.


They were offensive base Team. Were base. Yeah, They were. They they were, they were an offensive. They used to be a defensive base team. Early, early in Ben's career. They were defensive base football team. They had Troy, they had rc, they had Ryan Clark that had peasy. You know, they had those guys like Foot Timmons, James Farrier, Timmons Ride, all All of them. Yeah. I they, I I haven't, they haven't given us that feel in a very long time though. No. In a very long time. But in order to do that, in order to, to find that consistency again, it takes time. But here's the thing, Ocho It takes time.


It, it takes drafting, it takes all season acquisitions, it takes finding a quarterback, finding a franchise quarterback. That's where it all starts. Huh? That's where it all starts. And you don't have a franchise quarterback then you have to have a dominating defense. You gotta have a dominating defense and a quarterback that gets you by week to week and doesn't put your team in harm's way. Lemme ask you question. Remember the year the Bears went to the Super Bowl hall? Yeah. Yeah. Who was the quarter? Rex Roseman, those days. Dominant vote. Joe, you ain't got a defense good enough to come back. You those days are over. Those days are over. So I don't even know why you would attempt to build your team like that, because that's not happening. They won't allow you to play that type brand of football anymore.


Right. But when you look, but here's the problem that he has. Talk to Him. Lamar Jackson is 27. Joe Burr's also in that division. Yeah. So while you go in nine and eight every year, or you go 10 and seven, what is that gonna get you? Patrick Mahomes is about to turn 30. Josh Allen is 28. So I'm just trying to figure out what is that, what is 10 and seven gonna get you? What is nine and eight gonna get you? Oh, Steven, Mike Thomas has never had a losing season. Right. He ain't won playoff game in nine years.


Make sure you put that in. Make sure you put that in the bio too. Mike to has never had a losing season. He also hadn't won a playoff game since 2016. Chiefs fans go after CJ Gardner Johnson's mother's restaurant in Florida after his comments on Travis Kelsey's ex. Wait, what? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Hey, I guess, I guess his mom owns a restaurant in Florida. Okay. He said something, I guess he comments on Travis Kelsey's ex. Okay. Oh yeah, I saw that saying, saw that Man, look here. I don't know, I you gotta be careful Ocho when you, when somebody you know has a business Right Now, they flooded with negative reviews on Yelp and things of that nature.


Right. Or all of a sudden they, you know, stuff like that. So just YY you know, I guess he said that, that he should have stayed with that, that thick. Oh, speaking of Ms. Travis Kelsey's ex. Okay, I understand that. But that's, that's, that was long time ago. Right, right. She's moved on. Well, clearly she's not. 'cause she was on the field last night with eagles. With, with, with confetti. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, But, but Trev but Trev Travis been that, that's been gone long time. That's gone. That's just, I I've never been petty like that on your right. So whatever happens, I move on. You move on. We moved on. I ain't got no bad. I ain't got nothing bad to say about you. I don't normally He, he hadn't said nothing at all.


Nothing at all. What, what is there to say though? There's nothing to say. Do you understand that? There, there's nothing, nothing wrong with Nicole. You know, beautiful young lady. Yes. I'm sure she's making somebody very happy. I'm sure somebody be happy. Oh, hopeful. Hopefully she is. But you have to understand the situation that Travis Kelsey is in now. This is, this is a whole different ball game, huh? Right. You talking about Taylor Swift? But is this, is, this is different, you know? Right. Especially going forward for the foreseeable future. You know, it's, this is, but you Know, you know, And oranges, man, man, Luke, look, he gave up this for that, bro. Okay. Maybe you wouldn't have Who, who wouldn't Have.


But I'm saying Oh, So you know how We base everything off of looks and aesthetic. Thank You. We do, we do. You talk about We do. She got but we talking about a Billy man, stop playing with me. Hey, you, you preaching to the choir Now turn it around and get that to the congregation. Hell, I'm in the choir. I'm behind you singing The congregation. Better stop playing. Yeah. Right. We, we I'm thinking long term. Long term. Yeah. I, assets versus liabilities. I'm not saying the individual's a liability, I'm just saying I understand. I mean, I know what this is bringing to the table.


I know what that's bringing to the table. Yeah. Like I said, I, for me, I, I just, like I said, I just prefer to just like, move on Yeah. In a different direction. I don't really talk about my exits with I and you know, somebody's like, really? I don't really care to talk about that. That ran its course. Yeah. I'm over here now. I don't really, because, you know, there's nothing good that could, that can come out of talking. No. Hopefully my ex, I, like I said, I don't, I don't, I don't beat my exes up. I don't say this. We moved on. We had a great time. It was a great two year, one year, five months, eight years, 10 year, whatever the case may be. Right. It ran its course. That's, and you know, you just move on. Yeah. Yeah. But if y'all ain't Finn, y'all ain't Finn to what you call, tell me what I should do.


Yeah, because you don't know. I'm happy. It's not like if, because if, if, if we were both happy, we would both still be in this situation. That's the way I look at it. But hey, to each his own,


some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements in overdraft limits Apply Boost are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Extra tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're Shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an I hurt women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party. That's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Saquon Barkley got a new chain for his birthday after winning super after winning the Super Bowl, the 26th pendant. That's over 200 calories. Okay. I like that. That that's, that's, that's Benny the jeweler. Benny The jeweler. Benny Jeweler Nice now. Yeah, I think he had, I see, I see a lot of celebs. I went on this page today. Yeah, I checked them out. I think Cardi B has purchased some pieces from him. I think Usher got his u piece from him. Yeah. Whoa. Hey, hey, hey Benny and Julia, if you see this, I need a Pinker ring. I need a Pinker ring for April, baby. I'll let your boy. I, I need a good deal. I, I need something nice, something real nice and got something nice and Gotti. You hear me?


Oh no, Man. That I know that thing that that's about 203 3 2 3 4. Oh, No, no, no, no, no. Not that much. Not that much. Not that much. I mean, that's, that's about maybe, maybe about 91 20, maybe about 90,000. 120. You Know. I ain't got it. I ain't got It. I Ain't got it. Oh, you oh, oh you, oh you got, oh you got it, got it. Yeah. Hey Chad. Hey Chad. Y'all send Benny the Benny the jeweler telling him I need a pinky ring man. I need a pinky ring for the tour. No, just to holler. Holler at I tell you what, you get that bit of the jewel piece. I'm gonna give me one of the more Tom Brady watches. Wait, I'm just getting a pinky ring. That's all.


What? Tom Brady? No, that's 800,000. You don't need that. Oh. Oh. You don't even wear diamonds. What did you talk about? I y'all with a stop. Y'all see what that is? Okay. Okay. I see you. I see you. Hey listen, y'all right there. Look at that. Hey, you can't, you can't have money, boy. What on you said right there? That's that, that's that, that Tiffany, that new thing that just came out for Tiffany That Wait, what? I can't it, it look, it looks just look plain though. What Is it? They plain, It got Got Oh, George Jordan. I see him. I see him bag Yet. Ooh. Oh, oh, it's different on East Side.


Yeah. Okay, okay, okay, okay. You Know something I picked up for myself cri, you know I like a little ble gift. Little ble give every now and then. It ain't even Christmas boy. We, it what? I got it for ble. Oh, okay, okay, okay. I got it For ble. That's it. That's it. I'm outta gas now. Hey, hey. Speaking, speaking, speaking of holiday. Listen. Valentine coming up. Boy. You got your ide. Ooh, I know you guys are Ocho. Oh real. I saw real little humble man. Ocho said, man Ocho one time picked me up for a helicopter in a helicopter. Oh, helicopter. Oh Yeah. I don't play, I don't play when it come to holidays. Like if, if like, if we, I don't play. I Play, I don't play lot times I helicopters, you know, shopping sprees, you know we do Chanel store now.


See, this is the problem. Huh? We ain't together right now. So you still gotta do I'm not, huh? You got, huh? What? Hey Ocho, you still gotta do that bad though. You Gotta do that. Do You think so? Yeah, for sure. Hold on. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Timeout chat y'all. Chad, y'all with me? I, I, Yeah. 'cause you said she still help you with your stuff. Oh yeah. Now, now listen, listen. Now this, I I have a question now, Chad, y'all listen to me. I have a, I have businesses, you know, stuff that's going on away from Nightcap, away from football. She keeps everything in order for me because I I, yeah. Going on you like, I got 50 11 jobs, so she keeps all my ducks in a row.


So I'm able to travel and things are in order. Well, you gotta break up. You gotta break off. Okay. Now, how much of the breaking off do I do? As far as going out, going out and, and doing things? At least at bare minimum. Talk to me at bare minimum, 10 to 15, $1,500, 10 to 15, you know, five On Valentine's. Yeah. Even though she left, even though she left me. Now understand her taking care of my business and making sure everything's straight, despite us not being together. But you think Yeah. Chat what y'all think That would IIII Would listen, I remember one time not too long ago, I, I, when I'm talking about when it was rough on, I'm talking about when it just happened, I tweet it out.


I needed an assistant because I thought, well damn, I got all this stuff going on. If she's out the picture, I ain't gonna be able to do all that. And obviously she like, you know what? Still Doing All that helping not on good terms. I'm still gonna make sure everything is okay. And she's done that today? Yeah. The last Three months. I mean, I, I look, if I pro, if I tell you I'm gonna do something, I was, I was seeing this, I was seeing this chick one time Mojo, and her girlfriend was gonna get married, but it was gonna be a destination wedding. Okay. And so she's like, man, I'm not gonna, I say, look, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll pay for you to go to your girlfriend's wedding. Right? We ended up r up and I told her, I hit up, I said, Hey, I promise you I was gonna take, I'll take care of your girl for you to fly to your girlfriend to a wedding.


Okay? Here, come back, get the money. Hey, she ain't even come in the house. I met outside. She pulled up in the driveway. I gave her the money, gave her cash. She say, thank you. You are mad of your word. Boom. You ain't go No, hell no. I wasn't going anyway. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. I was paying for her to go. Okay. Okay. Because it was a destination wedding and it was, it, it, you know, it was expensive. She, I mean, she got, she had a job. Right. But I mean, it was, you know, by the time she got, by the time she got an airline, by the time she got a flight, I, I'm assu I mean flight and, and the hotel, I'm assuming at three day minimum.


So I gave, I said, here, go enjoy, have a great time. So she's comfortable. So you comfortable? Yep. That's, that's how I am. Right. But hey, I know everybody. Hey, if I promise you something, hey, I'm gonna do it. Right. I'm paying your, I'm paying. If I say I'm gonna pay, look, I got you. I'm paying your rent. If we break up, I'm gonna go ahead. Hey, I'm gonna go ahead and give you money for the rest of the year. Right. We go our separate ways. And you know what? And now that I, now you got me, you, now you're jogging my memory. Now I'm, I'm thinking that I have an individual that we are no longer together.


That is making sure all my business affairs are in order, you know, despite the chaos and the turmoil going on Between us. Now, how much do I extend my services on a day like Valentine's Day as a thank you for what you're doing for me. What is, what is what she's providing, what is that worth to you? That's a good one. And I think people in the chat might not understand that because they don't see it, because they're not in that position or understanding of all I have going on outside of the jokes and the laughs. So the serious part of life. So how much is that worth? How do you value that? It's only, what is it worth to you?


Because I can tell you what, but she's not doing that for me. If you had to pay somebody to do that, It wouldn't be, it wouldn't be as much as what you told me to fuck off. I don't think what you think I, I'm not sure. First of all, do you want, do you trust somebody to handle your business like that? To know your ins and outs? Exactly. So it's worth that. It's worth that to me, for me to try to replace Shelly for I trust somebody implicitly couldn't put a price on it. Right. Okay. Okay. Couldn't Put a price on It. Okay. So I gotta be careful. So now it's the next thing. Chat. Any ideas? I got three days.


I got, I got three days. What you think? Talk to me. I, I I done did it at all. I done did yachts and then the helicopters. Well, I mean, mal DI mean, I'm, I've run out of ideas to do so. I mean, you good, you good at this chat? Y'all have any ideas? You What you see? The problem is, is that you, you, you've gone, I mean, you bro, you out here? Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Once you, once you go to the stars and the planets, I mean, what the hell? I mean, going to the moon ain't no fun no more. Yeah. Hell, you been to the Stars. You done been to Pluto. You done been to Neptune? Yeah. I, I'm, I'm Chad. Any ideas? Maybe I can do something simple. You know, something simple. Maybe hire, hire some violinists.


No, maybe a, maybe a live band. Maybe have a personal chef come in and cook a five course, a five course meal. Hold On. How about the chef in a live band? Roses, flowers. She wake up music chef already died there cooking. But we, we in two separate houses now. Hey, send him over there. Well, having to come to your place or having her to go to place, man, that little place. He can't cook nothing there. He can't cook nothing with a pot of chili at your house. That little ass apartment. You can man real don't want no damn beanie weenie. Send him over there to her place and, and do, Hey, cook a bro a breakfast or brunch, whatever the case may be.


I like that. I like that. I like, I like the live band. I like the live band plan while breakfast is being made. Yeah. I like that. That, that, that's different. That's different. That's different. That's different. Ocho a man find surprise while cleaning out his girlfriend's car. Ocho check a look at the photo. Damn. No. Oh no. Hey, don't you don't throw up unc. You good? Oh man. So that look like an a a, that look like the corner of a Magnum. It it do, but hold on with the corner of the Magnum. That's too small to be ripped off. You can't, you can't open it like that. Now he done took a, because took a teeth to hit that thing A ojo.


You ain't the tv. Hit it. Oh man. Hey, I didn't Tell him what It did. Hey boy, that got to hurt. That got to hurt. Can you imagine? You cleaned out your car and you find a, a, a con of wrapper? No, he cleaned out her car. Oh. Oh, that oh, oh, oh. That gotta hurt. That gotta hurt. Hey, sometimes unc, it happened to the best of us. Huh? You hear me? Everybody hurts. It Happens to the best sometimes, Lord have mercy. Hey, sometimes the rabbit got the gun. Sometimes you got the gun through life experiences.


You understand. It can be you. Who? Yeah. Good Acho. Hey, she say you. Hey, you got, you got that on you. Yeah, I do. I do. I was hoping you, I was hoping you say so. Hey, It, it, it is, it is one thing, man. It, it is tough man. It's tough man. It's tough. Things like that happen. I think for, for, for men. We have to understand, despite our love for the female species, even when we are together, at times human nature is undefeated.


It has, it has showed us time and time again that at times, despite the love that they may have for you, there's always one there. There's always, there's, there's always one that can, that can, we've seen it time and time again. Hey look, hey bro. Ocho, look at the bright side, sir. Hey, homeboy. At least ain't, Hey, he, hey, he ain't wrong. He ain't get wrong. Oh, he Ain't going that wrong. I saying I be, Hey, he, I been saying Don Joe, a situation like that, you gotta look on the positive side. Right. That's, you can't look, you looking at it negative. You looking at Be optimistic.


You be optimistic. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. You Gotta look at a positive side, don't you? Because I mean, that's the only way you'll keep it. Sanity, Time out, timeout. Huh? So if that was your girl, Whoa, we talking About me? Huh? If you found, if you clean out her car and you vacuum her car, you found a car rapper like that, that's what you gonna say. Well, at least, at least he go it wrong. That's what you gonna say. Oh. Are you gonna give another chance? Woo. You gonna give another chance? Are you, are, are you? Whoa, Whoa, whoa. I'm saying he, he ain't look at positive. No, no, no.


Oh, hold on. Alright. So you outta there if that's you, I'm just saying put yourself in his shoes. Do you see that? What you gonna say? You gonna call her? I mean, baby. Well listen, I know you made a mistake. Can't we talk about it? I mean, are you gonna give her another chance? You know, she gonna hit you with that. You know, listen, we all make mistakes. I was drunk. Whoa. That ain't no mistake. A mistake is a mistake is leaving you leaving your iPad in the back of a, the, the seat on the plane. Okay? Okay. Or leave or leaving your briefcase in the rental car. That's a mistake. How somebody, how you mistake? Unless somebody mistake put meat in you. Oh, that's a good one. So are you saying that? So are you saying in this situation, in this case, does that mean you out?


There's nothing you can do depending on how much you love her. This, this is a great conversation. I'm just curious. I'm trying to see where your mind at. Now listen, now one thing I want you to remember now I want you to, I want you to remember back in your heyday, you hear me? Oh yeah. You boy, hell, back in the day, I, oh, back in the day. Oh, see, see now you got thing. Hey, back in the day, I had a, I had a simple philosophy back. I heard them old men say, he say, boy, you are off of poor rat. If you ain't got one holder climb up in, you know what I'm saying? I, I didn't understand what they meant. Right. Until I got older. But I was probably like eight or nine. And the grown men, the older men was talking, I was like, but it made sense.


I said, okay, cat coming. You got two holes. It wasn't until I got much older and realized they were talking about women. Yeah. Talking About one. You ain't, you off of po. Ratta if you ain't got one hole to climb up in, then it, I was like, ah, damn. Y'all been talking nasty. Y'all was talking. But see, the old man couldn't be talking like, like we talk around the boys. Yes, sir. But obviously when we around little kids, we sh keeping pg saying some of the same thing, but keeping it pg. Right. What would I do? Yeah. O2, I think I'm, I'm gonna have to dip. You gone? Yeah. Damn.


Yeah. Yeah. That's tough. I mean, obviously the more time you got in, the harder it is to leave. Oh Yeah. You let go. Yeah. Nah. Yeah. I mean, you in y'all dating, y'all dating, you know, a week. But I don't know ocho it, it is tough. I I just sometimes you just gotta chalk it up. Yeah. Piece That. Sometimes you just got, you just gotta chalk it up. Hey. 'cause think about it. Yeah. You and I both been professional, been professional athletes. Hey boy, you Win some, you lose. So You lose some. It's a dirty game. You hear me? The the game is the game. Which is why, which is why when we talk sometimes that we have certain discussions.


And I tell you one thing that I'm very good at is I'm able to compartmentalize and understand about managing my expectations for individual. Yeah. Put that back up there. Put that back up there. Put that, put that back. Put that back up there. Yeah. Like, like, like I was Yeah. That's that little, that corner. What'd that look like? That, that look like the corner? That that corner of a wrap. Hey Ocho, what if he define that corner and a row and a roll pack? Oh, oh no, not the rope pack. Don't put He up.


Beat the steering wheel off it, man. Hey, that's funny. Come On. That's funny. How Could you Hey, that, that's funny. That's funny. That's that pain over. Hey. And you go out there and frost the ocho and all he see is a but print in the window. Ooh. Hey, you making it, you making it worse? Oh my goodness. Hey, just the, just, just, just the thought. Sometimes just, just a thought sometimes can make it throw up and make you sick. Yeah. Hey. Oh, Ocho. Hey the magnums man. He don put that, Hey, hey.


Put that tooth stick in them. Yeah. Hey, listen, it happened to the best of them. And depending on the lifestyle you live, you understand it can be you. Yeah. At some point in time, everybody ain't never happened to me. No. Okay. You don't know that it's happened to you, but it doesn't happen. Yeah. And it doesn't happen more than once. Yeah. Better. You better learn. You better learn. I say it all the time. Listen, you, you, you, you have to find a way to compartmentalize, manage your expectation. Understand it's not your property. I don't care about no goddamn title. I don't care about how much she say she love you, man. I don't care about none of that. I i done seen it A lifetime of experience.


Yeah. The wise man once said, What happened? No, I said, I said a lifetime of experience as a wise man once said, Oh yeah, for sure. But never leave you astray.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


It was a moment that should have broken me. But just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful World that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it Or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping. There's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events, starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut. And we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Slick Rick Ocho. Don't know anything on Val, don't do anything on Valentine's Day. Wait till the day after or do something for her the whole rest of the week so she knows she's special to you, not just on Valentine's Day. Ooh. Okay. Okay. Okay. Listen, I like the way you're thinking there, boss. I like the way you're thinking. I was looking for some ideas. So that's, that's a good one. That's a very good one. But you have to understand, you talking about waiting till the week, I really can't wait until the week. 'cause on that specific day, that specific in that individual is, is expecting something. And obviously based on what she's doing for me, despite, you know, us being, eh, it, it is, it's, it's, it's warranted just to be honest. You know? And, and I ain't gonna lie to you, you know, I know I play around a lot.


You know, this individual keeps my ducks in a row. She dotting my i's and she's crossing my t's from a business standpoint. I ain't talking about nothing else. I ain't talking about no laying down horizontally or vertically. I ain't even talking about that. I'm talking about from a business perspective. So I have to, I have to do Right. You know. Oh, you absolutely do. Yeah. So I ain't gonna go too crazy now. I ain't Too must love cash. Shena was finding than Frog. Her and Nola. Will you be my Valentine robax on me? Okay. I ain't used my coupon yet. Okay. Where you see me at? Hey, hold on. Speaking of, hey, speaking of speaking of Valentine's, right.


I had a message, I had a message from somebody. Oh you? Yeah. A very good friend of mine. Very, very, very good friend of mine. A friend of mine. Mom said, you need to to date an older woman now. She's be beautiful, beautiful woman. Huh? Stay, stay with me Now she's 40, 49. Right, right up your alley. You know, master's degree, doctor degree, well educated. Hmm. She can cook. She can cook You a doctor. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I, I don't know, don't, don't get me this number. I'm just, I'm just relaying the message. I'm relaying the message. So, and I told her, I told her I already gave you a number so she gonna text you.


You Already, you already done put back there bad. They're told, Hey man, got a lot of rules. I don't know. I said, well damn, Listen. And she said she don't have no problem with the rules. She said she don't have no problem. She, she watched the show. She watch it right now. She probably watch it right now. Oh, okay. She watch the show and understand the rules and no, had no problem with it. You know, that, That well, that, that, that, that definitely helps. Can you share a personal story about you and Sterling when y'all were young and can you give me a birthday shout at to my wife Kristen of 15 years. Kristen, happy birthday. Hopefully you had, hopefully you're not, if you are a Cheeses fan, wasn't your birth best birthday gift. But if you're an Eagles fan, you got a lot to celebrate.


Oh, lemme tell you a story. He gonna probably get mad. He don't get mad because it happened. We went fishing. Yeah, we went fishing with my grandmother. Well back then when we were young, she like, all right boys, let's go fishing. It wasn't like he say, nah, I don't really want to go. You had to go Ocho. So, you know, my grandma had a, my grandma was fishing and my brother had a, broke his line. So he was back there in the tackle box, you know, trying to get a hook and tried to redo his line. So my grandma wrote, took the pole back and threw it and he started hollering. And I didn't know why he was hollering. She hooked him in the alley.


I was like, I mean, how, how? I was like, I like bro, why You hollering? Ah, granny, ah, Granny. That Didn't happen. But that was luck. Boy, I, hey my brother had some bad luck. I was drinking a can since he got me going. I'm gonna tell some more stories. I was drinking a grape soda and yeah, he had done something to me. So I, I saw this bee, this little, this honey this, this bees flying around. So I sent the soda down and I just watched that bee like sugar.


I watched the, I watched the bee go down in the can. I said hey. I said Spike, you want something? I handed it to him. Hey, you know that thing that hang down the back of your throat? That be stung him on it? Yeah boy, I was dirty. I was dirty. O Hell that messed up boy. Hey that's messed up. I'm sure he'll tell, Hey, he gonna tell one of the stories that ha at the hall watch. But y'all heard it first. Tom Brady, he wore a Jacob and Company.


You saw that 800,008 Bow. Wow. Yeah, We already gone to get us one Ocho Come again. We are the good get us one. We ocho and unc and ocho. I don't think so. I don't think, I don't think we should. I think what we can do is we can keep it simple and plain. I I think it had a little, you know, a few. I just, I like my watch simple and plain. Unc, I don't like the diamonds and I like the ice. Watch How you talking this man. Did y'all see this man at, at, at Nightcap live? He don't like ice now. Hold on. He out there looking like playing with that big ass 85. But he don't like ice. I, I I, I specifically said I don't like ice on my watch.


I want to be able to tell time. I want to be able to look at it and see exactly what time it is not have, you know, the, the, the, the glaciers staring back at that wouldn't be one like that. That's, I'm like a plain jane. But you, you wouldn't look, you wouldn't look right with, with with, with a watch like that with all the On you. I, I would look just right. I I'm just, I'm just saying you, you, you, you are simple. You're very simple. I'm Very, but I'm gonna, I tell you, So you give about, gimme about eight months a year. I'm gonna see it for look, I then I'll let you tell. But when you see it on might be like damn, that thing look good because I Don't do it. Man, don't do it Man. Hey Ojo, I can't man. Hey hundred thousand man.


Please. No, well you have to think he probably didn't have to pay. He paid for that. They sent it to him for the exact reason that people are gonna want to know. Okay, what is that that Tom Brady ran? People are gonna see it. It's a Super Bowl. Everybody's going to be watching. That's called marketing promo. I'm not even gonna charge you for this. I, no, I can't. No. I just 800,000 now. I'll spend some money now Lord knows like, hey, I can't take any of it with me. But 800,000 might be a little bit too much for me to get off of. Yeah. Especially for a watch. Half of anything. Unless it a house. I need to be able to sleep at that more folk. I mean yeah, you take eight, Eight, Hey listen, take 800,000 and buy you some units.


Buy, buy you some units. Hey, I'm looking back now. I could have take 800,000 and bought me some a a Bitcoin man. If I'd bought 800,000 I was a Bitcoin in 2015. No cho I'd been, Hey, I ain't gonna lie to you Ocho I wouldn't be working. It wouldn't be no other no cho It wouldn't would Ocho I could have bought a coin for 2,500. They trade now. Right between 85 and a hundred thousand per coin. I bought 800,000 worth. So how much, how much would that be worth? And would that be, would you be able to, would you be able to, to get that money out? You can buy whatever you want. 'cause everything is on, I mean you can buy anything what whatever you want.


You wanna buy people, you can buy houses, you can buy cars, you can buy watches. There ain't nothing that you can't buy because everybody damn near everything. They, they're trading in it now. Okay. I, I understand, I understand that. I I've never, I've never got into that. I've never answer That. Actually a Bitcoin was 10 cents in 2015. Well he about to get, he tried to get a profit on me 'cause he was charging me 2,500 though. 10 cents It 10 cents a coin in 2015. You know what I want? I Wanna, I don't know enough about it Joe. For me, first of all, yeah, you gotta have a wallet and to be able to remember the code to get, so I'd had had maybe three, $4 million in there and couldn't get in there 'cause I done forgot the code.


So I, I need to be able to write that code down. I even had that piece of paper. Huh? Hey as far as far as currency is concerned, I mean big Bitcoin would never take over the dollar bill, right? No, But okay. But see they, they did that because like silk roll on the black market. So if you wanted to, people like betray Bitcoin. Bitcoin because I want to get somebody's information. So if I want get credit card information, I wanna get personal information that I can do. You know that's what you did it with. Ah And then, okay so hey people adopted it like hey you wanna buy a car, you wanna buy a house, you wanna buy whatever you wanna buy. Right? You can buy with Bitcoin now Ucho but I don't know enough.


I didn't know enough about it then. I don't know enough about it now. Hey to Uche, to whomever making their money. 'cause you remember there was a lot of guys started taking their money. Trevor Lawrence took a lot of his siding bonus in Bitcoin. Odell took some of his money in Bitcoin, right? Russell Koon, what's the guy from the blind side? The movie was based on Michael Orr. He took some of his money in Bitcoin. But nah Ocho that ain't for me. The Volume.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is Homes shopping the way it should be. homes.com We've done your homework.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a Smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed Fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus to Tobacco Consumers Oly.


Check Engine Light on Take the guesswork out of your check engine light with O'Reilly Vera Scan it's free and provides a report with solutions based on over 650 million vehicle scans. Verified by a SE certified Master Technicians. And if you need help, we can recommend a shop for you. Ask for O'Reilly Vera scan today. Oh, auto parts.