
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners. Subject to eligibility Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book and officials sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


I don't go everywhere 'cause everything ain't for Shannon to be, everybody ain't happy for Shannon. But I do give what I'm, when I'm out and I'm not in an an environment that I'm familiar with, I show everybody a level of respect because if you don't, they'll come get you because the, the number one thing in the streets is respect. It ain't, that's the number one currency. You think it's money? No, it's respect. They'll chop your head off. You, you disrespectful. And don't think nothing about it because I see, hey, I've seen 'em come. Hey, they coming to barber shop or whatever. Hey bro, let me holler at you. Oh, hold on. Broad daylight, man.


Broad daylight. Hey, get out here babe. They nothing in the, we shop over with me. Get your ass out there. I've, I've seen too many examples over the years. Too many examples. Too many. Man. Look here at the haw, haw haw passed away. He used to have a car wash on 37th and 37th and Bull dude, slim, a little young kid came up there, they got the tussling. He Beat he beat the little boy up far by probably about 1213. He came back, he came right back with his mom.


He said, mom, there go. Mom handed him that tool To the, to the little boy. His mom gave him the tool. The little boy. Yeah. Yeah. You see, you see how I got up outta that little joke. You see? You see what I did? Yeah, man. Hey. Right. Everybody don't have the guidance that you and I had. I had a praying grandmother. My grandmother guided us, tried to teach us right from wrong. Never. Hey, it was always, Hey son, it's, you know, Hey, be respectful. Yes sir. No sir, it's okay.


Right? You wrong, you wrong. Accept accountability. But everybody ain't like that. Yeah, because you got some parents out there, got some, some, some dads and some hey. Yeah. They telling the kid, Hey, you go man, stop. It ain't like it was when we grew, when I was growing up. Oh, we fought, we knuckle up, we fought a UAP. I see you right. Oh, in between fourth and fifth period. Hey, I told you back then, back then, obviously during, during your time and during my time, it kind of, it coincides a little bit when it comes to the other side of the street when outside of the game of football, there was still structure and discipline. There was still, there was still structure and discipline even on that side of, of, of the ball.


Obviously. Even though we didn't, we didn't play that side. But, but still, there was a reason behind something happening. There was a reason behind it. You ain't just doing it all willy-nilly just to say, oh you know what? I'm hungry. I ain't got no money. I'm finna go take this nigga shit. No, no Ojo, when we were growing up, you would never talk back. You didn't talk back to someone's Absolutely not Mom or grandma. You was never disrespectful. I couldn't, I couldn't even imagine talking disrespectful to someone. Even if they just five, 10 years older than me.


Let alone somebody mo somebody my grandma age Don't Feel right. Somebody my mom's Age, I wouldn't have been here. Man. Granny would've granted Mary and Barney Porta beat the bricks off us. No, they didn't play them, them people didn't play that. But you respect when there's a a certain level of respect, you could go to people's houses and get a meal. My grandma didn't play that either. You ain't going nobody house. Hey, my grandma didn't play that. You want something son? No ma'am. We just ate hungry than the mug. I ain't lying. Me and my brother be hungry in the mug. You say, Yeah Man, Ocho, I ain't gonna lie.


Ocho I be so hungry every time I swallow my stomach, say thank you. Ain't nothing coming down. Right. But hey, but you ain't, you ain't gonna to people house to Eat. Get wait till you get back home. Hey, you get some bread. Hey, you make have mayonnaise sandwich or ketchup sandwich, something like that. You had no meat. Hey, you, you, you, you you did serve sandwiches before. You want the bread. You won the bread up. Oh, served sandwiches. You folded up and dip it in syrup. Yeah, yeah, of course. Yes. Some good things. Yeah. You had ketchup sandwiches. Mayonnaise sandwiches. Serve sandwiches. Yes. Okay. Yes sir. Always. But you did.


But there was a level of respect that kids had for adults and I don't know what happened. And I think there, the generation, you started having, parents started getting younger and younger and the kids were, they were so close in age. Yeah. And kids started getting more and more disrespectful and, and parents didn't correct Them. Your your your generation. My generation was the definition of it takes a village. Yeah. And that village did exactly what they were supposed to do. Now, now aren't the generation we in now. What? Nah, You can't correct. You can't correct nobody's kid.


It's always somebody else's fault. If, if your kid lemme ask you a question, Ocho if your kid disrespectful at home and you the parent or you the grandparent, what the hell you think gonna happen when he, she is not around you. If they disrespectful to you, you think they gonna go to them people's school and be Respectful? Absolutely not. You think they're gonna be respectful of somebody's job? Yeah. A lot of times we'll give up on a, on a, on a woman that has 80, 85%, 90% of what we want, only to be with somebody that has 10 to 20% of what we want. You ever noticed that? Don't your I I I'm done. I ain't, no, I ain't that It ain't Hold on.


Hold on, hold on. Time ocho It ain't ocho it ain't time. Hey, come. It ain't time ocho it aint time. Do Me a favor. Me a favor. Listen, listen. I don't, I don't, I don't ask you for much. I don't ask you for much, but I need you to, to bring that back one more time. I need you to bring that back one more time because I, I've, I've, I've, boy I felt that boy, you don't, you don't see me tearing up. Boy, you, but that ain't funny, man. Do me a favor. I promise I ain't gonna cry. I promise I ain't gonna cry. But bring that back one more time. A lot of times men will leave a woman that has 80 to 90% of what we want, only to go be with somebody that has 10 to 20%.


You see that? We'll get mad at the woman. She got 80 to 90% of what we want. We get mad here. Come the 10 to 20. I need that. I promise you ain't crying. These are tears of joy. I need to hear that boy. Hey. Oh shit, boy. That was a good one, boy. Oh, It happened. I, I've done it. All right. See, a lot of times when y'all, I don't tell you things that somebody told me. I'm telling you what I know because a man will get mad. And, and I don't know if women do it. I can't speak 'cause I don't know. I don't know how you guys think, but I'm just telling you how a man will think.


How, how I thought, man, Hey boy, that was a good one. Boy ain't even Sunday. But you preaching though. Shit got me, got me crying. Shit. Fuck wrong with me. Okay, let me tighten up. Let's go back to the show. What does it take to be a great sports analyst like yourself? Work. You have to become selfish. You have to become obsessed. You have to give up a lot. People, everybody says, okay, I wanna get into the sports industry, the sports business. But when does sports come on? They don't just come on Mondays.


They don't just come on Tuesdays. They come on on the weekends. Yeah. What do people like to do on the weekends? But if you wanna be great at this, you got to watch. You've got to study. You see, everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die. The Bible says you can't enter there without, without going through that process. You want to be great people wanna be great at a driven crowd, but don't wanna put the time or the effort in to be great at it. And then get mad when it doesn't work out. Don't be mad for the results that you didn't get for the work you didn't put in. It is no secret. Only in the dictionary.


Does success come before work? That's the only place you'll see that. I understand. I'm selfish. Probably why I'm still alone at 56. Probably should have got married a lot earlier. But I was so obsessed with being, getting my grandmother and my family out of the environment. Unless you grew up like I grew up. Imagine a thousand square foot cinder block cement floors where you gotta spray. You. You, you, you've seen a mechanic shop where they have to spray water on the floor to keep the dust down. That's how I grew up with no indoor plumbing, no running water. You think I wanted to live like that for the rest of my life.


You think I wanted my kids. I didn't want my kids to have one hour in a day like I had, let alone a lifetime. And I neglected and I sacrificed a lot of people. And when I told my kids, I'm not here to apologize for that 'cause I got you to a place that you never would've gotten without it. You starting at third base when your daddy started in the stands, I didn't even have a bat to go to the, the plate hit. What are you willing to sacrifice? You see, people will always write down their goals in the left column. How many times people write down their, what they're willing to sacrifice in the right column. What are you willing to sacrifice to be the great sports Allens that you ask me about?


What are you willing to give up? What are you willing to go without? Only then when I train, when I work out, train. If you don't ask yourself, when is this over? How much longer? Why am I doing this? Where do I go from here? Why are you doing it? Why are you doing it? That's, that's it. If you wanna be great at something, you gotta sacrifice something. You don't catch a lion without sacrificing a goat. So what are you willing to sacrifice to get to what you want?


Thank you. But that's why, and people wonder why they don't get the blessing that someone else ask yourself. So You think you doing everything right, but see God know your heart. See, you can fool everybody else, but you can't fool that man upstairs. And you wonder why. Ask yourself. Ask yourself when you are alone and you by yourself. Oh, I like such and such, but it's in here. Can't fool that man. You can fool us. You know, people don't wanna, everybody's gotten above working, man. I ain't working on no damn or not McDonald's.


That's beneath. I ain't doing this job that's beneath me. So I let me go, let me, let me go take some somebody else to work hard for. Let me go take that up off them. And then when the end, he ain't have to do it like that. He ain't have to shoot him. He ain't have to kill him. Well, you ain't have to take that man's shit you robbing when you robbing somebody. Yeah. When you doing bad to somebody, harm to somebody, whatever happens, happens. Ocho now that you know that OO ocho, do you know that's us Now he ain't have to do it like that how you had to do it. Oh yeah, yeah. Always Man.


Go and get you a job. I I'm glad Ocho You know what? I'm glad I've never been too proud to work hard. People try to make me feel bad, man. You working in them fields. You getting tall in your, because I mean, you know, you get tall on your hands. You got tall on your hair, you out there getting black. I ain't never been too, I've never been too proud to work hard, man. Give me an honest day salary. I give him an honest day's work. I can honestly say I ain't never took nothing off. Nobody. Okay. I hit my grandma sir a couple times, sir. For 50. I gave, I gave, Yeah, I hit, I hit grand up. But I think, I think she forgave her baby.


I think I, I think I, I make, I think I made good on that Ocho but that, but that, that's just me. Yeah. And, and the biggest mistake that I've made, a large portion of my my life ocho is that I think everybody thinks like me. Yeah. Oh, I'm gonna go out there and work harder. I ain't gonna take nobody else ish. I'm gonna go out here and do the right thing. I ain't gonna do that. People look and think it's just the opposite. Just the opposite. It's, You know, it's, you know, you know, times are different now. Times different now. You know, everybody want that fast life. Everybody want that. That everybody want their Instagram lifestyle. You know, it's, it's, it is only it. It really ain't too many jobs that can provide that, that lifestyle you see on Instagrams all the time.


It's only one way. It's, it's only a, it's only one way to get that. You know what I mean? If you, if you ain't on that goddamn damn field of that basketball court, hell, it's only one other route to attain that type of lifestyle in luxury. Yeah. Unless you a rap, I mean you a rapper or something, entertainment or something, you doing something because ain't nobody that's working that's worth money posting that money like that. No, because if you post too much, they gonna come get it now. They gonna come see what you buy.


The more time you invest in something, the more it hurts. That's why people, you see people when they invested a lot in a relationship, 10, 15 years. And it hurts. I'm sending flowers. I'm writing, I'm not saying me, but I'm saying they're sending flowers. They're writing, they're buying gifts because they don't want to end because they're invested. And then you see people, they gone like, I ain't like I wasn't even with that person because they didn't give a damn from the beginning. They weren't invested. When you invest in something, it hurts. I don't care what it's, when you put time in it, when you, you, you, you, you, you invested. Yeah.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules. I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


But listen, there's, there's another lesson in this for my, for, for my athletes, for anybody out there that has nice items, nothing, nothing is worth your life. Nothing is worth your life. You can buy, you can buy another Rolex, you can buy another chain. If someone's trying to take your car, you can buy another car. Anything. If you are at gunpoint, you give up those possessions. I don't think they pulled a gun outta him on first Ocho because I believe he gave it up. Like you said, I think he tried, you know, probably tried to strong arm and got the tussling. Yeah, shit. Yeah. See don't do that.


You only get one shot. This ain't a video game. If somebody come up to you and they ain't got no gun, they ain't got no knife and they say Ocho give it up. You taking it off that freely. You got your Yes, I'm not playing. Why am I playing tough? Why Unc, why, why, why play tough? Listen Don, listen to me. If somebody come up to you and say let me get whatever is off of you, you already know they holding No go out. I'm gonna say go out, go out and get a job. You already, you already know they holding. Why even play that game? Yeah man. Hell you can take, man, take this shit. I can buy this again. Go get a job. I can't, I can't, this ain't call of duty. I can't revive myself.


I don't get a second chance at life. Yeah. Mainly Ocho that, like I said, the man's at a, a man's, he's at a autograph sign at Ojo, so I'm pretty sure it's probably in a, a, a, a a a probably in a, a fairly nice area. I mean I've done a few autographs signing and it ain't really no shady places. Right, right, right. Yeah. But you know, it don't matter where you at. It don't matter where you at. He probably Jit, JIT probably knew he was there and waited until after the signing to confront him. Lemme Ask you a question. You think that 17-year-old gonna run up and say, Hey Trent, give it up. I'm Yeah, exactly. Y Karen Williams, she, And that's the thing.


But I, I I get what you're saying Ocho try not to put myself in that situation. You right. You are absolutely 1000% right. Yeah. I mean I've been in that situation and been, hey, but I didn't turn around. I took his word for it. He said, Hey, you know, already know what it's, yeah. Yeah. Hey bro, my wallet in the car. I ain't got nothing over. Right. Hey, hey, I ain't got nothing. I, I don't want no problem. That's what stopped me from taking cut, carrying cash around like that Ocho I used to always carry cash. Hey, anybody that knew me when I was younger. Yeah. Ocho, if you ever saw Shannon Shaw with less than 10 bands on him, call the cops. Somebody just robbed me right around the corner.


I kept it on me. But then I was like, man, for what? I'm inviting trouble. Yeah, you right. You know had half and ha half the, half the people you can understand who really doesn't value they, who doesn't really value their life. I could see the comments, I could see the comments and you could tell who really don't value their life about dumb ass jewelry or chains or shit. That really holds no true value. Just by the comments. Man, folk, folk, folk don't care man. Nah, you right.


They, they swell, they listen. You don't get two of these, you don't get you, you don't, you don't get two of these. You can't revive yourself. It ain't, it ain't, you can't press press guard. You, you can't, you can't play over. Nah, hell man, take this shit. 'cause you know the funny thing, you take my shit, you're gonna be mad anyway when you try to go pawn it or sell it 'cause it ain't real nowhere. You Try to, hey, you try to get him on as hey, hey bro, hey your fella. Go ahead and take this. I'm trying to get you away from me as quick as I can. Yeah, Man, go on about your business man. I'm trying to get, I'm trying to get home to these goddamn 85 kids buddy. Yeah, I ain't nothing wrong with that ocho. I totally, I get it. You right. I mean you right Ocho I you ain't right.


You ain't wrong when you Right. And you right. You ain't wrong when you Right OCHO just, hey little young fella have it and he's been dealing with it. He's been dealing with some injuries. It's been kind of hard for him to get on the field Ocho because he's been nicked a lot and then this happened man. Yeah, he probably thinking like hard. I mean, you done blessed me, but I got buckled luck right now because what's going on. If it's like, bro, like I said but that 17-year-old, ah nah bro, you ain't no juvie. I gotta put real charges on you because you doing a real adult crime. Yeah, I'm, yeah. Yes. And and think about it, he hit him in the chest.


Right. And God obviously has favor. Yeah, for sure. Ricky is okay now would happen if he wasn't okay. What happen if he pa what happened if he had passed away? You know, and I'm thinking like we don't really value life. We don't really value life until we lose somebody close to us. Right, Right. We don't really value life until it happens to us. Always. And then everybody favorite line is, oh, you messed the city up with this one. Oh. But nah, I'm reading the comments. Everybody tough. Oh, you were easy lick. Yeah, but it it, you never value it until it either happened to you or somebody close to you and then it's a Oh damn, you fucked the city up with this one twin.


Damn. I just, I just talked, I just talked to you the other day. Yeah. And I just, everybody try, everybody trying to get that lick though. Ojo, you know, everybody. Hey everybody trying to hear the lick Ojo. Here you go. Talk about we done spent close to 150, 200,000. Y'all the damn fools. You ain't got it. If you gotta charge for a wedding, your your ass shouldn't be getting married. I wish I might pay for somebody to put somebody wedding. Oh, Hold on. You going to charge everybody $450 to try to recoup the money that you paid on that you paid for the wedding, which it shouldn't even be that much. It shouldn't be 102 two. Excuse me, excuse me if I'm wrong, Chad.


Y'all help me out. Please give me an amount on how much a wedding should cost. Let's start there. I wonder, I wanna break it down into parts. How much wedding cost? You know better than me. Unc I'm just asking you Ocho ocho the, the question is how much, how bad you want to impress somebody and that'll dictate the cost of your wedding. Right? You see they don't spend 200,000 now unless, unless, unless, unless her daddy worth about 10, 15, 20, 30 million. I wish I might, I wish my daughters would come to me and talk about y'all better take this money for a down, for a down payment on the house and get y'all ass on up outta here.


I go stand beside, I'll come stand beside you to court in just a piece. So 200,000 is, that's too extravagant. That's way too much for a wedding. But now listen, what for a wedding? And they, they, they just, they just coming to be nosy, huh? And half the people that don't even, don't even like the group or the bride and don't hell man. I wish I might. So Chad, help me out. Chad, please gimme the numbers. 'cause I'm listen and now you, you not, you don't even know I'm playing a seed right now. I keep asking you for a reason now. Yeah, but Ocho here's the thing. Ocho normally the father, I got two daughters they already know.


My oldest already say, oh, if you think my daddy gonna pay X, Y, and Z that ain't happening. Destination wedding. If you want to, okay, I wish I, I wish I might pay, pay $400 to go to somebody else's wedding. Yeah. About, oh yeah, y'all go see Chris Brown And then he go, he got the nurse. Stop counting my pockets. Oh, y'all pay spend money on frivolous stuff. That's my money. Don't worry about what I spend my money on. Right? I just, I just ain't spending four $50 to go to no wedding.


So if I wanna take $450, if I wanna take $4,000 to buy a Beyonce ticket, if I wanna take $10,000 and buy a Beyonce ticket or go to the Super Bowl, that ain't none of your business support family and friends means I'm going to show up. Okay? If you got a business, if let's say, oh Joe, you got a restaurant, okay, I ain't coming to eat free. I'll pay, I'm gonna pay for my meal. Right? I'm gonna tip the service. If you got a business where you selling t-shirts or clothing, I'll support you. But if you think for one second, I'm gonna pay four 50 to go see your funky ass with it, man, you out your mind man. Hey, the chat I I, I didn't see nothing over 50 grand.


I'm, I'm reading the chat and everybody in the chat said, 50 grand is a max for a wedding. Now, now, when it comes to, to weddings, I, I love the fairytale ending. I love little girls that are raised, you know, watching movies and being taught and, and groomed the, into that happy ending and actually making that come true and living that dream or living that fairytale. But at what cost? And in today's era, today's era of, of women in aesthetics and social media. Like, do women really wanna be, do they want to have weddings? I think they wanna have weddings. They don't wanna be, they don't wanna be married.


I think that, I think that's the disconnect. They like the weddings, the aesthetics, the pretty, the changing outfits. But they don't like what actual marriage entails. There's a difference. I would break it down right now, but I'm not gonna break it down because we don't have that kind of time. The, the, the, the more, the more extravagant the wedding, the shorter the wedding, the shorter the marriage, the more extravagant the short go. Look at all those Hollywood stars that spent all that money. 1 million, 500,000, 200,000 and see how long they stayed. Now go look at the ones that had the little, the little quat wedding that went to the church or they had a little, or they went the justice of the peace because you got that big ass wedding.


You just try man, you man I know a dude had a homeboy, man, Joe got married custom suit, custom gator shoes. Hey, you would marry what, how long Was married by the long as a snowball in the microwave. Long as a snowball in the microwave. How long that all that money? $200,000 for what? Whatcha paying? 200,000 for ocho. What? I'm just trying to figure what, what you rent now. The Taj my hall. What you rent now?


The white house. What y'all, what y'all eat? What y'all eating? Caviar lobster. Please. That's a great topic because I have no idea on how much weddings actually cost. And the funny thing about it is I keep asking purposely because you already know who is doing all the planning and I'm curious to what that bill gonna look like because we ain't going too far. Now we going, we going right to, we going right to The Bahamas. We ain't going there. I mean that, that's a 30 minute flight. Hey, I give, I gave my daughters a budget.


You got a budget? I don't get whatever you do after that. Okay? So you can, you can have a, you can have a wedding with 30,000, 30,000. I don't know what you can have. I ain't one getting married. I don't give a damn. Hey, they better go get one of more fry. Hey, hey, hey, hey y'all from the south. Y'all know about that, that, that that fried can fish your spaghetti plate. Hey, I know somebody hooked that thing right on up.


What they charged by the plate? 10 50 a head spaghetti, A fried can fish a piece of cornbread and a a styrofoam cup of sweet tea. That's all you're getting.


Hey Ocho. What up? Hey, re shout out, out to re I'm an entrepreneur and a former track athlete as well. Okay? All right. This is for okay with much success and being surrounded by love. How soon are you looking to find a balance in your life? Because you do believe that men and women need each other, correct? I do. And we're not. We're not made. And you are a believer that we're not made to go out through this thing called life without our partner. So how soon are you looking to find that balance to settle down and find your life partner?


To be honest with you, that's probably one of my greatest regrets that through this process I really haven't had a whole lot of people to share it with. If I had to do over again, I probably would do it a little different. Probably should have met someone. Look, I had some opportunities but things didn't work out. God didn't make any mistakes. We ain't gonna do. Should coulda would've. Yeah. How soon in the future? I don't know. Are you looking to find out vibe? I wish you You. shouldn. I wish You. Shouldn. I wish You shooting. Come on now Kobe. I wish, honestly I wish I could give you a definitive answer that I could say, you know what, in six months, in a year, a year and a half I you talking about tonight?


Oh, I was a ball player too. If I was shooting, you'll know. Okay. My bad, my bad he's available. But Man, my daughter here. Come here. Hey, she's gorgeous. So if he is looking they need to be age appropriate. They Have to be older than me. So I'm 55. So That's Adrian Peterson who earned more than a hundred million dollars during his 15 year NFL career.


He now faces a debt in excess of 12 million and he's been ordered to turn over his assets to pay for it. According to the USA today, a Houston judge has ordered AP to surrender property to satisfy the debt comfortable have been ordered to seize assets from his home. A court appointed receiver has accused Peterson of playing a shell game in order to avoid payment. Ocho ocho man AP bro you made a hundred million and then he borrowed, I think he borrowed like 5 million in like two years.


The interest. So when you borrow money like that, you gotta play like 20, 25% interest ocho. So it went from 5 million to like 8 million in three years it might be 50% interest O ocho. But then you throw a birthday party and you fly everybody. I wish I might have a birthday party and I fly y'all in to come to my party. Where'd they do that at? He got camels, he got tigers. Dude thought he was target for real. Man. This, listen, I you, you know how I am the chat know hell, the goddamn world know how I am when it come to finances and I I don't play that.


I I I don't play that. Listen, him being in this situation is very unfortunate. IIII wish him well and, and hoping everything turns out in his favor. I'm not sure how this works. Yeah, nigga Finn Turn out in his favor. He owe 12 million. I mean, In front of the looks of it. He ain't got it. Yeah, I hope so. I I hope he does. I hope he has. I hope he has some. How you take out a loan to throw yourself a birthday party, you better get, Hey, you better go down there and get a a about five or six dozen crabs and some shrimp and say, here you go. Who takes out a loan to throw themselves a birthday party?


Unless you are what? Trying to impress the party goers. I don't know. That's crazy man. A hundred damn man Ocho how you, how ocho you throw a birthday party and you bring in what he fly in 300 people? 300 guests. He flew in 300 guests. I don't know, 300 people. If I'm 56, I dunno. 300 people. And I damn sure don't know enough of people to, to fly their ass to a my event.


Right. Man, You think you think I know 300 buckets or 300 burns? Hell no. Damn. That's messed, that's messed up man. He flew in 320 people. Oh Joe, check this out. Ocho. Yeah, But guess how he flew him? First Class? First class. Oh, oh. Is is there, is there any way, oh Kenny just filed bankruptcy. Hey you the, so if you ain't got no money, it's hard to file bankruptcy. You ain't got no money because guess what? Your credit gonna be shot.


So what you gonna put up, what you gonna put up col for collateral? Damn. I don't Damn. I mean like the more, the more people used say Hey can we get this? The women used to say what I'm gonna get it with as And, we ain't got no money. What I gonna pay with it for? What I gonna pay with it? What, what, what am I going to pay to get what you're asking for? Right. So if he doesn't have, the thing is, the best thing to have if you don't have money is to have great credit. You could have f up credit if you got money. You see how that works? Yeah. Yeah. Boy and them people don't, Hey, and think about it.


Anytime you try to buy something, what they gonna do? They gonna pull them Credit scores. Credit scores, Equifax, Imperion, what's the one? Experian. So at, at that, at this point in general brand Union, they got three of them. Now some might be a little higher than the other one, but I feel very good. Mine all start with an eight. I ain't gonna tell you what else they got. You know what comes after that. But I feel better because all three of mine start with an eight. Right. But Okay, but I, but I, I, I got a little bit of money. I ain't saying I'm the richest man in the world, but I got great credit and I do have a little cash, but I, I'm, I'm not, I'm not doing anything to impress anybody.


I'm not buying no no $10 million home. I'm not buying no no million dollar car. I'm not buying, flying people in. Oh, y'all used to have a party in, in in Glenville must. Hey y'all could drive in. Hey you welcome to come. You ain't gotta bring nothing. I got all the alcohol. I got a hundred pound of crab leg, a hundred pound of shrimp. We got like a hundred, you know 200 hot dogs, 200 hamburgers. All the look, hey have at it. But to get there the best way you can. Preferably, I prefer you to walk 'cause you gonna be drunk by the time you leave. I don't want nobody to have no accident. Knock on wood. Thank God we watch it over.


Nobody got no DUI. Nobody got hard. Right. But I ain't pressing nobody man. Man. Who y'all know I got money. I'm playing in NFL. I'm the highest paid X, Y, and Z. But I'm not fitting to impress nobody. Yeah. A a theme birthday party, blue jeans, t-shirt, shorts, flip-flops, sand, whatever. That's the theme. True. I don't even celebrate my birthday. I just say, I say save me a little prayer. I'm glad to see, glad to see another year. Yes. Give A give, give me a little Starbucks, give me a cigar man. And kick my feet up. That's just another, That's how I just feel. I just feel bad Ocho that people come in and, I mean some people will never see, some people will never see a million dollars in their lifetime.


And I get it when they say, when you say he made over a hundred million, you figure Uncle Sam, I'm gonna take 50% of that. So that's 50 million. Let's just say Ocho, I throw 25 million. I just throw 25. You still gotta have 25 left. Even, even if, even after your agent take his cut back, then they tell you what, three 4%? I don't know five if they paying for everything. Nah. And people like, oh kid, kids don't. Listen, here's the thing. Yes. My grand used to say, my grandfather told my brother and I, we were young. He said the worst kind of poor you can be is child poor. Don't let that go over y'all head. People.


That's an 18 year expense. That's damn near as long as your mortgage. Now just imagine your mortgage, you got one because there ain't a people, there ain't, there ain't very many people that have seven mortgages. So you start having 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 kids. Okay. And they're not by one. Guess what Ocho that's 18 years. I know. I done done the math. Oh shit. I, I done done it too plenty times. Okay. So you know what that mean. That's right. That's why sha you ain't one on no vacation. Hell nah. My vacation was right there. That, that, that was my vacation right there.


Yeah. Oh. She don't play. She don't play 'cause all that, all that, that man, man, hurricane don't play. She cussing everybody out. How would you handle that situation? Obviously rere is important to you. That's your mom. Hey rere. Rel got it. When, when my mama was here. Huh? Rel got cussed out when my mama was here. What you talking? Matter of fact I'm gonna show you. You can't even see. Right. Listen, remember I told you when mama passed away her messages. Right? You see? You see me? You see my phone? Yeah. You scrolling all her messages still there. You want, you wanna know her last message was to me. I ain't even erased yet.


Hold on. Custom rel laughs out second row. You laughing. I ain't bullshit. Second row to mock funeral. Not a c for me at the funeral. As for Rell said to me, she had no contact information on me to let me know you were having a party. Fuck that bitch too Babe. What? Oh well my mama was hell man. And everybody got it there. There's a saying, I don't know how many people in the chat that are from Miami or, or any of my friends. There's a saying, you are really not a friend of mine. We are not really friends if you haven't been cursed out by my mama. So what I do try to do in situations like that, I try to deescalate 'em as much as possible.


But once she got that lick in her system, if my mama got that lick in her system, huh? It's a wrap. Yeah, that a wrap. There's nothing I can do. There's nothing I can say. It's a wrap. I believe there have to be a healthy level of respect on both sides. I understand. 'cause you know, moms don't believe anybody is ever gonna be good enough for their daughter. Good enough. Yeah. And fathers doesn't believe that anybody's ever gonna be good enough for their daughters. Right. But there has to be a level of respect there that this is the person that I choose and whatever mistake I make, I'm gonna have to stand in it. I'm gonna have to own it. And you know, I, there might be a time down the road that you say I told you so. Right. But if I introduce you to somebody, I, I don't need you to this, in this situation, not withstanding just be respectful.


Right. Because I'm gonna dema I'm gonna demand my partner be respectful of you because you are my mom and you are an adult. Yeah. You are older than she is and so she's gonna give you a level of respect. But in order to get respect, you're gonna have to give respect. Yeah. And I don't wanna be, I'm listen, every time I come around, I'm not gonna be a referee. I'm not. I'm not. I'm not, I'm not. That's good. That's not, that's not what I'm here for. Yeah. I, you know, I I I want my partner to be around to know my family to to to my grandmother and my mom and my sister, my brother and family. But to come around and be and, and, and to be You're not gonna be disrespectful.


Yeah. You're not gonna call her outta her name and my, my partner. Damn sure. Not gonna be disrespectful to you. 'cause at the end of the day, that's still my mom. Yeah. Yeah. She gave me life. So we are gonna be respectful. I demand respect on both sides. That's, I demand it from my mom to respect my partner. And I demand my partner to respect my mom. Yeah. That's tough. That's tough, huh? I mean, listen, I mean your your, your mom is a little different than my mom was. I mean, there are other people's mom, they, they, they operate different in that, in that, in that space when it comes to who their son might be dating. Yeah. My momma, my momma don't give to you know what? And didn't care who you were. You was, you was gonna get it. Any, any, any small little situation where things don't most of the time go her way or you don't or you don't, you don't check in.


Just, it just, it just weird. Some of the things that would trigger her. And I, I would do everything I can and, and in my power to, to do, to deescalate situations the best way I can. And you know, it was, it was hard for me to even take my mama places with me. Huh? It was hard to take it to important stuff. Red carpet events. Because I know, I know what's gonna happen. I know, I know it's gonna happen. That's tough. And it, it, it never fell. It never fell. Even when I tried it never fell in chat. If y'all don't know about Hurricane Paula, you can go, go watch, go watch in action. When we had, we did marriage bootcamp together. My mom and I, we did marriage bootcamp together.


A family edition where I tried to, to reunite and, and bring us a little closer together because we, we were always at wit's end. You know, my grandma raised me. So I, I tried to do all I can to, to, to see if I can fix and rectify our situation as, as, as as mother and son and boy. She showed her as well. She showed, she showed ass. She cussed everybody out. I'm, my thing is, I, I'm never, I'm never gonna curse my mom. I'm never gonna be disrespectful to my mom. Yeah. I'm just gonna have a conversation with my mom and like, mom, look, I'm an adult now. Yeah. I'm not the little boy. Yes I am. I I'm still your baby.


I'm the one that you gave birth to on June 26th, 1968 in Cook County Hospital. That's me. Yeah. But I'm a man now and I'm, I'm well, I'm in my right mind. I'm old enough. I'm wise enough to make decisions. They might not be perfect. My grandmother had just the opposite approach. My grandma's like, I ain't gotta sleep with 'em. If you like 'em, I love her 'cause I ain't gotta spend one day with 'em son. Right. That's my grandma. Anytime I brought somebody, I ain't bring a whole lot of people around my grandma. But she said, son, I ain't got you the one that gotta live with 'em. Are you happy? Right. And if they make you happy, you being happy makes me happy.


And if my happiness is dependent on you, you being happy son, do it. Right. But you know, my, my mom, and look, my mom is like, and I get it, but like, I would, I would never, I would, I wouldn't allow my mom. I probably was like, you know, take my, take my, take my partner home. Right. My girlfriend home and then I'm gonna come back and I'm gonna have a conversation. I'm gonna have a deep conversation with my mom and I'm gonna say, mom, that's disrespectful. I said, so in other words, you don't respect me. So you don't give, you don't give, you don't care about me. You don't care what I want. You don't care what I like. You don't care about my happiness. This ain't about you mom. Right.


This is not about you. And I understand you want what's best for your child. All parents. I'm gonna say all most parents want what's best for their child If they're, if they have anything. Right. Because I'm never, I'm never gonna be that parent. And I parent, oh You think you better than me. What parent Worth anything says that to a child. You think you better than me. Right. But I will have a conversation with my mom that I-I-I-I-I thought that was very disrespectful. Yeah. The way you talked to her. The way you talked to me. Right. And mom, I'm gonna always love you, but if you can't respect the person that I'm with, I can't come around you.


Yeah. Shoot that shit there bud. Man. Shit, mama. You see that little speech you gave just now being nice about, man, you can't, I can't even come around man, my man. But carry your, carry your black ass on there. Fuck you ain't that bitch. But I, I, I wish you coulda met my mama, man. I don't know how many people from the chat or that's watching the show. That's from the crib that nobody, my old girl boy, she ain't play that shit bro. Boy, she ain't play that. It don't care. It don't matter who you is. Everybody got it. Coaches, teachers, friends, my girls, my kids, Hey my kids. Those I have kids from. Oh, everybody got it. Everybody was spec game. It, it, It's different.


Pastor. It, it, it was very different the way my grandmother approached my girlfriends or people that I was dealing with than my mom. Yeah. My grandmother's like, you happy take care of the babies. Hey 'cause I want them grand. I want them great grands to be around X, Y and Z. Alice, Mary Alice Different ball game. Huh. But, but the thing is that, that, you know, you tell you, you tell mom, just because I have somebody in my life, that doesn't mean I love you any less just because I got a kid from this person. That doesn't mean that's gonna take any, that's gonna take any of my love from you.


You my mom, you always gonna be my mom. I'm always gonna do for you. But now I have responsibilities that I have to do for someone else also. Right now, I might not be able to do as much as I could do 'cause I have other responsibilities. First and foremost. That's one thing Barney Mary Porter raised us to do. You take care of your responsibilities and I'm gonna do that. Right. 'cause I created it. So anytime you create something, you take care of it. Right. Okay, mom. But I still got you


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Do you, do you understand how fortunate that young fellow was to have a woman do something like him like that for him? Do you know how difficult it is to find a woman that's willing to extend themselves in that manner? In that manner, let alone the small things. But if you think about it today in in, in today's era, in today's society, everything is on us. Think about it now. Everything is on us. Everything we have to do, everything. You got a court you gotta buy, you gotta do this. And if they do buy you something, it's, it's probably, it's probably your money anyway. True. You know, so the fact that she was willing to do this out of maybe love or whatever it may have, may may have been at that time.


Oh, It's gotta be love. Yeah. What else could it been? Yeah. Yeah. You know who The hell give it $60,000 that don't love Mojo. The the funny thing about it is, when you are in love, you do things that you wouldn't do when you're not in love because you, you, you're thinking in your right mind. Nah, they say love is blinding. I ain't got no cataracts. I can see just fine. Right, right, right. 60,000. Oh, choke. So you, you wouldn't do that. Be honest. If you, if you was in love with a, if you was in love with a woman right now, you would tell her, no, I ain't paying no $60,000 on the shit with nothing. I just said, you got me. You, you didn't listen to the scenario if you were in love.


No ocho that's my, my wife is one thing. A girlfriend. Right. 60 grand. Hold on, hold on. Guess what? Girlfriend? Girlfriend and wife. The rules are basically the same. The only thing that's different is the document in the ring. I'm not, I, because you know what happening because when they broke up and she left the play, he beating somebody else back in. Now guess what? I pay for those loan. I'm paying that loan off. If somebody got a, somebody got a bent over the balcony. Oh hey. Oh hell no. Come on though Joe. Well Unc lemme tell you, lemme tell you.


Listen, I, I had a, I had a be I had a, I had a wonderful, beautiful saying that I've been saying all my life. What, what you have to understand now, I I I think we are put on earth to experience people. We we're put on earth to experience people. And at times my grandfather told me long time ago, son, listen, you're gonna meet people and I want you to always remember she's not yours. It's just your turn. Yeah. She's not yours. It's just a turn. So you really can't think like that. Now, now for, for me, for instance, you do things to extend that vacation. You do all the right things you can to extend that vacation and that stay as much as possible.


You know, and you do all you can to keep an individual happy. So it maintains itself long term. Look, I I think the thing is ocho for a situation like yourself, me or yourself. Yes sir. 60 grand. That's a lot of money. But I'm not going, I I ain't gonna lose a night of sleep. Right. Right, right. 60 grand for her is probably like, I ain't gonna say. Okay. Okay. I see what you mean. Yes, sir. You See what I'm saying? Yeah. Yeah. You, 60 grand is different for different people. Right. For her, that is a Stretch. Right. I'm not losing sleep over 65. Right. That's how you know love. But the Right, but the problem is Ocho is that, like I said, look, have I have, I look, if I care about you, I want what's best for you.


I don't want even most of the, most of the women that I've dated, and they'll tell you this, all of them, if they've ever asked me for something and I could do it, take off. Whoa, Whoa, Whoa. Not within reason now. Whoa. Within reason. Okay. I Was waiting, I was waiting on that part. Okay. I was waiting on that Because here, look now, a lot of times I've been in situation and they've always did me a solid. Right. They didn't say anything negative about me, didn't say anything bad. So they always good in my book. They could always, they, Hey Shannon, I need X. Okay, I got you Shannon. I need why?


Because I'm never gonna say anything bad about you no matter what has transpired behind closed doors. Right. That's why I don't do anything publicly because I can break up pri privately. I can get with someone privately, but if I break, but if I date publicly, if I'm posting and I'm doing all this right, the moment, then people start to try to fish and try to figure things out, things out. But any, any, any, any woman that I've dated, say in the last 30 years, if they've ever asked for something monetarily and I could help 'em, I did. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I like, I like how you said within reason. I like how you, you threw that, you know, within Yeah. Sometimes, sometimes they'll continues to take and take and take and take and push the limits to see how far they No, no, no.


See how far they see how far they can go. No, I, I mean I had one did me one solid. I ain't gonna tell y'all what the solid is, but when it came down she said, well Shannon, I need a house. I want, I need can. I don't have, whoa Man, come on now. You said that a little too casually. Listen, Listen. Said that too casually. She did me a solid, I'll be the real solid. Your boy was jammed up. Okay. Okay. Okay. I was in a bind. Okay. Okay. I said, I tell you what, in this situation, she could have came to me and got 60,000. Right. She could have came to me and got a hundred thousand. Right, right, right. But she didn't do that. Right. You said, I just need the down payment.


Right. I said, well, how much is the down payment? She said XI said, if I give you Y how much would your monthly payments be? 'cause I wanted to be as easy as it possibly can. So I tried to make it as easy as I possibly could. So her monthly payments would be something that she could manage where she wouldn't have to come back. Ah, because I was in no position, I would've had no choice. Consider what she did for me. Right. Okay. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I, I understand wholeheartedly Understand where you coming from based on, based on circumstance. I like that. I like that. But you are, you're a real one.


I'm, look here, You're a real one. All You, if you, if you ever any of my coaches, my coach, my co my high school coach, I bought him a car. My, my, my, my, my remedial and Spanish teacher every game. She didn't want anything. She say, Shannon, I just wanna come see you play. Yes sir. I'm just so proud of you. But women that have been in my life, that have been good and didn't try to harm, 'cause you know, everybody ain't good. But if they've been good Right. They know they can get it right. And I don't want nothing to return. It ain't no. Oh, you getting the No. Nah, nah. I ain't spun the block. I have it.


Yeah. Why, why you do you boy, you okay, you, But she did, Hey, what for what she did for me. Right, right. Like I said, Ocho Oh yeah. I, I understand. You ain't got, you ain't listen, you ain't even gotta go in depth. I get, I get I from the passion in which the passion of your delivery. I already know. I, I'm, I'm with you. The man had the job for six months. O Joe. What you mean you working on this number? Who takes a job and you still trying to figure it out Six months later how much I would pay? I'm just telling you. I'm just telling you. If I was an issue, Chad a I Chad, I, I am, I am am I outta line here? I'm like, I'm trying to figure this out. So hold on.


When did Harbaugh get the job? When did Harbaugh get the job? At, at, at, at, at, say, at, at the Chargers. Because maybe it's me. Maybe it's, maybe it's me. Maybe it's me. Maybe it's me guys. Because, you know, sometimes I have a, I have a, sometimes I have a propensity. He got, Harbaugh got a job January 24th. When was Sharon Moore named head coach at Michigan? January 26th. He was named head coach. January 26th. So February, March, April, may, June, July, August. Here we are, September.


Okay. So we've had eight months. You know, who else doesn't have a contract that is deserving for the work he's put in and going to put in Jamar. Chase. Who? Not enough. Jamar. Chase has a contract. Oh, Charles, not enough. He got two years left of the contract he signed. That's not comparable. It's not enough. No. Oh, Joe. But you said he'd had a He doesn't have a contract. He actually does have a contract. He has two years left on the contract that he signed on his rookie deal at all. Sharon Moore does not have a contract. Okay. That, that was Reason at all. Period. No contract.


They're trying to work out terms, they're trying to come to an agreement. So the man was an intern. How many games did Harbaugh miss? Three, four? Yeah. So he missed three games. So you, you, you saw him intern, he kept the ship afloat. He was your OC called the national championship game. You won that game. You name him head coach on January the 26th. And you didn't work out a deal in February, March, April, may, June. Yeah, July, August. And here we are in September. They would do that. Didn't know what Right. You think something else is going on that don't know about, I Don't know what's going on, but I just know though other, I know, I know other countries don't get, have to go through that.


Okay. I don't, I don't wanna make any speculations. I Maybe it's me. Maybe it's May, maybe, maybe, maybe it's me. Maybe it's me. Maybe it's me who's who Maybe I, Who, you know who the athletic director is at Michigan. We could always send 'em a little message. I just, I just thought someone starts a job Is already, is already In place. We have the agreement. Okay. Here the thing. Hey. Yes. Who takes a job? I mean, hold. Whoa, whoa, whoa. This ain't just any job now. So let, let's, let's, let's try this. Put yourself in Mr. Moore's shoes. If mi if you were in his shoes, are you not taking the missionary job?


Because a contract has not been fulfilled yet. The Contract ocho the contract has worked out before you, okay, but this one hasn't Been worked out. Are you gonna say No, I don't want to coach for Michigan because the contract hasn't been worked out. I'm just, I'm just, I just wanna see, I'm, I'm just, I'm just asking. Are you not going to take the job because the contract hasn't done yet. Ocho do you under the contract would've been done. There's first of all, the contract's gonna be done before you take the job. Who takes the job with no contract? You take it Ocho ocho the contract would've been done Before.


I'm, I'm hypothe before You signed, you speak. If you were in his shoes with the opportunity that is presenting itself, the coach, the Michigan Wolverines and it wasn't in place, would you take it or not? You would say no because the con My agent would never let me take a job in which the contract would not contract was done. Okay. Oh, Joe. That'd be like, that'd be like you said, you know what? I'm gonna get married with no prenup worked out. We gonna work on that at a later date and time. You doing that?


Me? You talking to me? Well, yeah, but see my situation when you when it comes to that using, I mean for better context, prenup Re says, okay, oh Joe, we gonna get married. We gonna work out the contract, we gonna work out the prenup. You like, okay rel we can work out the prenup at a later date and time. Whatever we gonna do, we gonna work out that at a later date and time. And here we are eight months before y y'all been dating three and a half, four years. Right. And so now, 'cause Sharan Moore has been there for a minute.


He's been the oc. Yeah. And so now eight, eight months until your marriage ain't nothing been Signed. Ain't nothing Been settled because I'm gonna make sure if you try to leave me, I'm going, I'm leaving with half. I ain't signing this shit. Yeah. I get, I get what you, you're saying I get what you saying what I'm saying? It just like I said Chad, maybe it's me. This ain't no no regular program. This ain't just no regular job. We, we talk about That's Oh Joe, that makes it more rigid And that's why you not know that thing gonna Happen North Michigan. I think the fact that we're talking about it, I'm sure other people are talking about it as well. When the numbers do come across, we gonna be like, oh, now we see why it took so long.


Now they gonna take care of him. How you Ocho how You know he ain't finna get Dabo money? He not finna get, let's bet he not Finn get, he not finna get no OCHO ain't bet no first year coach about to get no 12 million Stop. I bet, I bet he get. No, I bet he hit double digits though. Oh Lord. Let's bet, bet a hundred dollars. I Bet he don't Bet a hundred. Okay. Be a hundred dollars. Okay, bet I bet you a hundred And I what, what College Michigan played already, right? They played last week and they played again. I guarantee you have a contract in place and I guarantee it it is nor it is, it is, it is north of 9 million before week three.


Okay, first of all, you said it was Gonna be double digit. I said last said, what is north of 9 million? Okay, I get your point. Okay. North of nine means 10. You said North you said double digits. But the fact of the matter is that this is a blue blood program. Like you said, it's not some, it's not some, right, right. Small school. This is a preeminent program that probably spend a hundred million, 200 million have a two a hundred plus million dollar athletic budget. And you mean to tell me you've had this man working recruiting? Yeah, you're right. You're right.


I, I guess and He doesn't have a contract. I mean, I see it from your point of view. I also see it from another point of view with the opportunity that, that that presents itself at hand working for this historic prestigious university knowing they're going to take care of me at some point. They don't have me working for nothing. Because how do I know That? I mean, how Do you know that? Why haven't they taken care of it? Because This ain't, you ain't, this ain't seven 11. This ain't h and m this is, this is the University of Michigan and I know they finna cut that check. You would think they'd have took care of him by now. Yes, sir. I understand. I I totally understand what you mean though. I I totally do. I promise you I do. I don't know why it's going on. I don't know what they're waiting on.


But I'm just saying if the opportunity presented itself, if I, if I was Mr. Moore with great understanding that it might not be done now, but I know they gonna make sure I'm good. Eight months, Ocho Listen, you think eight months long, you, let me ask you a question. You think eight months long, how long you think I make, how long Just not to put my personal business out there. You know, I I ma I made rel wait nine months before she even could get something. And you think that's long. It's no difference. But That's one thing she Had to work for that. And you, But, but hold on. But, but, but what, what if Rel had to pay you for sex and say, well Ocho, I a I will pay you in eight months.


You right, Exactly. You see how you look at right Now, now, now when you put it like that from a context, because I don't, I don't, I don't lay down for free. You right by there. Yeah. That's my only thing though, Ocho I'm like, okay. Normally when you like, okay, you come in for a job interview. Okay, okay, well how much does the job pay? Yeah, okay. What are you, what are my expectations on the job? What's the job hours? What's the whole, what's the work schedule? Overtime. Overtime? Is that okay? Do I get health benefits? Okay. Right. Do I get, you know, PTO I'll come in with a job. I need CTO choice time off. You know what I'm saying?


No joke. Ain't no pay time off. I choose to take off. So all those things I'm working out. Okay, Mr. Sharp, you got the job. Okay, thank you. We oh, whoa. I got a job. How much did this job pay? I understand sometimes like medical it could take 30 to 60 days before you get medical. I get that. Yeah, you right. I ain't take damn Eight months for me to get no bad. I'm not familiar with these type of situations being that I've never been in a position to be a coach or work at a university like Michigan. So I don't know what's going on. I have no idea. Maybe if I was Paul Fe Baum, I'd have a better answer for you. But I don't know.


I don't know. And I, but I do think he gonna get paid and it's gonna be north of 10 million. They not gonna, they not gonna play with him. Especially waiting this goddamn long on north of 9 million. My bad. The Volume


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite. Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.