(0s):
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air, or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.

(33s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 3s):
What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 35s):
What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did

(2m 7s):
The Volume.

(2m 10s):
This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly. When you bet. Just five bucks. Only on Draft King Sports book. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

(3m 45s):
The Lion's offensive coordinator Ben Johnson, has agreed to a deal to become the Chicago Bears next head. Coach Johnson has been the Lion's offensive coordinator for the past three seasons. And if I'm not mistaken, I think they finish in the top five in offense each of those seasons. He will feel the job vacated by Matt Ebra flues when they fired him on November 29th. Johnson will become the 19th head coach in Fran the 105 year franchise existence. Ocho, do you like the hire You? God damn right. I like to hide. You got damn right. Now listen, we talk about Ben Johnson now this, we talk about Ben Johnson that worked wonders with Jared Goff worked wonders offensively with that offense. The creativity that is amazed.

(4m 26s):
All of us, All season long now. Yep. You know, Dan Campbell loves to go forward on fourth down. Why do you think he's so confident in doing some of the things he does as a head coach because of Ben Johnson and what he's able to do. So I look at it from this standpoint. You got Jameson Williams, you got a Mar Gras named Brown, you got the Porto. Now you go to another supporting cast in Chicago that different skill sets where they get the job done very well. Right. You have a great quarterback, dual threat quarterback who's a little bit more mobile, a little bit more agile, can play off script a little better than golf. And Caden Williams, he's a good thrower of the ball as well.

(5m 6s):
This is going to be a perfect relationship not only for Ben Johnson, but for Caleb Williams in his career. I guarantee you and I I'm gonna put it out there right now and it's gonna be a, I told you so moment when the season starts and we, we are about, we we in about maybe week seven or week eight and I'm be like I told you so. Caleb Williams being one of the top quarterbacks in the league statistically because of Ben Johnson and his creativity and his offensive props. Watch. I like the hire. Yep. I like the hire also. Yeah. But what I don't like, but Chicago and New England doing that fake stuff. Bring black coaches in there when damn they not hire. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

(5m 46s):
They brought Eddie George in there and you know, look, if you like, you gotta take it. Yeah. Yeah. You know damn well they want excuse, excuse me. You know good de well, you know good, you know good de well you wanted Ben Johnson. Right. But Ocho hey the Rooney Rule. I gotta get that quote. Yeah, you, you gotta, same thing in New England. Gotta check New England. Y'all brought two black, y'all brought P Hamilton in, y'all brought this other black, you know, good. Well yeah, bro left, which y'all know good. First of all by left, which been outta the league for what, two years. And y'all gonna bring him in now? He ain't got no offensive coordinator, but y'all brought him in. Yeah. And see y'all, what y'all did, the Patriots did that thing so good.

(6m 26s):
They brought two of them in. Oh they, ooh, they brought two. Oh, brought two of them. Yeah. I mean, listen, they, they have to check the boxes, huh? They they, they gotta, they they gotta check the boxes. Like you said. They gotta, you gotta meet the quota. You have to satisfy the rule that's in place that's really not working. Ain't got no T to it. Look and, but look, I like to hire, I like Ben Johnson. I like what he did. You mentioned that he had the quarterback that's more mobile. He has very good look. You got Roman Dunes that he took in the first round for the Bears. You got DJ Moore that you signed to a con contract extension. You got Keenan Allen, I think Keenan Allen's a free agent. So you probably bring him back because he came on strong at the end of the year. Yeah.

(7m 6s):
He's that guy that he's not as fast. It's not as quick as a ahman rod as Saint the in the slot. But he gets it done. He got tremendous moves. He got great hands. I like him. He's a big body. He can body, you know, he can body you up. So I like that. I like that. I don't really know the running back situation. You're gonna have to prove the offensive line Deandre Swift because that's one thing De Deandre Swift. Yeah. Offensive line. You're gonna probably get better because if you look at what they got in, in, in Detroit, right. You know, you got Pene Se who was a, a pro bowler all pro. You got Zeitler, you got deck, you got glass, now you got Decker, you got Rag. Now you got, you know, Detroit has a very good offensive line and So you gonna have to get that up to party Chicago.

(7m 48s):
Right. Because your quarterback took 60 plus sacks. That's too many ocho. Oh yeah. That's way too many sacks. Now all of it is not on the offensive line. Caleb Williams gonna have to do a better job of getting rid of the football. It's okay to throw it away because sometimes I think guys, they get caught up. Ocho well I'm gonna mess up my completion percentage, bro. Throw that damn ball away. You don't wanna be taking all those hits. Right. Right. But I like the hire. I'm sure they got, they got money in, in, in, in Cal space that they can improve this team. I I love the hire by Ben Johnson. I got no qualms about that hire. He's put his time in as an offensive, as an offensive coordinator. As an offensive coach. I think it was right. It was the right time to, for him to get this job.

(8m 30s):
So I I really, I really liked the hire. I'm a little surprised that he went in the same division as his former boss. Normally they get, they get away ocho. Right. But hey, that was the best situation. I always thought that the Bears, for me, that was the best situation that was available to me. Not, I mean other people than people like the Raiders. You know, KA to Brady. No to Brady didn't play quarterback. Ain't ain't nothing to work with over there. Huh? Nothing. Work with Over there. Ain't got no quarterback. Yeah. So You, So you, you understood that that was, that was the best fit, especially for him and what he bring to the table. Yeah. I thought that was the best. I thought that the jet, you got the jet situation. You got a lot of tough stuff going on with the Jet. What other, what other, what other, what other job is available? Ojo.

(9m 10s):
The jet was available. Saint The Saints. The Saints. Hopefully Ag get the Saints or the Jets. I know, I think he, you know, he obviously Ag played with the Jets. Hell he played with the Saints also. He was on the defensive side. He was on Sean Peyton staff when he was at, at the Saints. So, but I hopefully he gets one of these jobs. It's gonna be tough without a quarterback. You gotta find a quarterback Ocho without that, you don't really have a chance to have longevity. Your Lease is gonna be short. Your lease is very short. If he ain't got a quarterback, Well our lease is short anyway. But anyway, that's not what that we, we'll talk about that another day. But I like to hire, I like Ben Johnson.

(9m 52s):
Hire Chicago. Should be good. That's a very tough division. Ocho you got young. We'll, we'll see what Minnesota does with Sam Don. Right. Do they move on or do they get, keep Elevate. JJ McCarthy gonna be very interested 'cause you got Jordan Love, you got golf, you got Caleb Williams. So I like it. Cowboys have officially hired Brian Schottenheimer, who was their offensive coordinator last year. Jerry made the movie and he was comfortable. Now mind you, now remember the, the, the reports that came out. Jerry really liked Dion and Steven really wanted Brian shot.

(10m 36s):
And he really, he really wanted a, Jerry really liked Coach Prime, but Steven who he, they were really butting heads, right? And I came over here and said, Ocho, that's some bull smoke a mirror. Everybody knew it was some Bull J but it was just something to smoke screen. Hey, we talked to Coach Prime, that's our minority. A that's our one token. Boom. We get on, we we go with that. And the Cowboys, notably, they didn't interview any of the top candidates. They, Ben Johnson, cliff Kingsburg couldn't talk because he was in the, he was going week to week. So you only had you, you could only talk if you were in the high week. Right? So N Ola, Eric g, Aaron Glenn, none of the top candidates were interviewed by Jerry.

(11m 21s):
Brian Heimer. Again, my only problem, Ocho, I don't have a problem Chad. I don't want anybody to think that I have a problem with the hire, but don't give me this bull drive. You want somebody that called plays Mike McCarthy called plays. Yeah. See we want somebody with previous head coaching and experience. We want somebody that called plays. Brian Heimer has never been a call head coach. He didn't call police. That's neither here nor there. Oh, Joe, what do you think about that? I mean, Obviously Jerry wants to continue, continue his reign with power. He doesn't want to relinquish that power. He wants to be in control of everything. And he hired a coach that will fall in line with just that basically.

(12m 6s):
And let and bring and bring, you know, what else? O Joe, not to cut you off. Bring Jason Whitner. Oh yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. So again, Jerry getting in the way again, doing things his way and the definition of insanity. Chad, you state, stay with me now. The definition of insanity is doing things over and over and over in the way you see fit and expecting different results. The results have been the same for years. For years. And you continuously do it. Jason, Gary, Mike McCarthy. Now Mr. Schottenheimer, nothing is going to change until you remove yourself and get out the way and allow people to do their job.

(12m 50s):
Not you trying to do, not you trying to do multiple things at once. Chan Galey, Dave Campo, Wade Phillips, Jason Garrett, Mike McCarthy, now Brian Schottenheimer, all of them, nothing's changed. It is just different names, but nothing's changed. Any of, any of the people that you just called, will any of them challenge Jerry? Were any of them challenge Jerry? Hell No. My my my point. Exactly. And you let him feel your staff and you let him like, well, I want this guy to be on your defensive staff. I want this guy to be on your offensive staff. No coaches gonna give no, no, no. They're not gonna do that.

(13m 30s):
You, That's if it's one thing, sir Joe. Yes sir. I go to a company and I'm looking around, I'm gonna give them an opportunity. That don't mean I'm gonna keep 'em right, but if I like what I hear, I'll keep 'em. But I'm not gonna let you tell me what, you gotta keep this VP or you gotta keep this CFO or you gotta keep this co. No, hell no. That ain't happening. Yeah, I mean, But this her another thing. Ocho now one other team attempted to interview Brian Heimer. No. Now all I wanna know is this. Look, I'm gonna get me somebody, somebody else won't because if I, if, if no nobody else wanted.

(14m 11s):
That's something you trying to tell me something I don't know. Well, Well you gotta think about it. Think about it Now look at the elephant in the room now. The coaches that were available, we talk about good coaches and also the coaches that were also available that could have come to Dallas, that could have interviewed in Dallas, wouldn't go for the shenanigans. You think Ben Johnson finna stand down? You finna tell Ben Johnson who we can bring on and who we can't? Aaron Glenn, I mean obviously he wouldn't, he wouldn't get the job anyway. You think Aaron Glenn is gonna come to Dallas. You gonna tell Aaron Glenn what type of staff he can put together. But people believe he could work with Coach Belichick. Can you imagine him telling Coach Belichick, Hey, I want Jason Whit to come on and he gonna be your coach waiting man, Man, Bella, check man Bella, check a tear that goddamn damn tear Jerry's world down.

(14m 57s):
Absolutely not. You have to get out of your own way. You have to, you, you don't have a choice. He's been an offensive coordinator before. He's with the Jets for three years. His highest point, his highest points per game. They were 13th. He called for St. Louis. The highest points per game was 21st. He also called in Seattle. His highest points per game was sixth in 2018. He had two three top 10 offenses. As, as far as points he averaged 28.7, 25.3, 26.8.

(15m 39s):
And then that ended. And this was his first foray back as being a coordinator? Correct. Okay. So he's been a coordinator. He's been a coordinator for 11 years. Had some success. Yeah. Orchestrated three top 10 offenses in Seattle. None in the top 20 in St. Louis and none in the top 10. And at the Jets. He's with the, for six years he was with the But he wasn't the coordinator though, was he? He was. He was. Okay. Okay. Okay. So he was with the he so he was there with, with Rex. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay.

(16m 20s):
Okay. So we know those, those offenses. Back then OCHO was run the football play behind the defense. It was more ground pound. But his most success, it came in Seattle. He did have great success in Seattle with Russ. Sixth in off, sixth in points per game. Ninth in points per game. Eighth in points per game. That's pretty good resume. Yeah, but we know why he got the job. Yeah. It's because Jerry wants someone that he can control. Yeah. It's really that simple. There's no other, I'm not gonna make it a black white issue because I don't believe it's a black white issue. It's a control issue. Yes, sir. Jerry wants control. Jerry wants control because Jerry wants credit.

(17m 0s):
None of the blame but the control because this thing fell apart. I can't believe this happened. I'm shocked as anybody. No, you're not shocked as anybody. You put this itch together, you should be the least shocked that it fell apart. Right. Oh, But like you said, if, I mean you do what you've done, you've get what you've always gotten. It's hard for me to believe I could be in a scenario at some point in time I'm going to change something. Right. If I do, if I get the same results for 30 years in my objective. But Jerry's a promoter. Jerry's not trying to win. Jerry's fool not fooling me. Right. He might fool some of the fans in, in Dallas. And I think for the most part they've even caught on Jerry's all about selling.

(17m 43s):
Jerry looks at it like anytime they're talking about me, that's good enough. Yeah. We don't need to talk. They don't need to talk about me winning championship. They don't need to talk about me being that they're talking about me. So I'm in the news. That's good enough for him. Right. And I don't, I don't see it changing. They bring back the same cast. If you look at guys leave Dallas and play, well look at now Neville Gallab, he went to the Rams ball out, Out. I'm just saying they make a trade for a guy in Carolina, Mingo. They give a fourth round draft pick and the guy had how many catch? He might have had four catches.

(18m 23s):
The rest of Mingo. Yes. Yeah. Obviously I, man, listen, I I I don't, I don't know what Jerry was, Jerry is doing. I, I can't question it. I've been around football for a very long time, obviously not as long as you have and not as long as he has. He's a owner, he's a gm. Hell he's every goddamn thing. He just think he is his way always works. And the fact that he wants credit is, is just beyond me. You know, when you can look at the landscape of the NFL with all the owners that consistently win all the other franchises where they win consistently. You know, the Packers, the Bills, the chiefs, the Steelers, I mean teams that have a a, a rich history in winning, you know, in the past The Eagle, well everybody going to the championship since he's been, You don't see any of the owners front and center making decisions, you know, pigeon holding head coaches, not allowing 'em to pick their staff people that they work well with.

(19m 22s):
I mean all that, all that matters. All that matters. And the fact that control and credit is what he wants is ridiculous and, and the franchise. But Jerry has, Jerry has probably, let's just say for the sake of it, let's just be safe. He own 10 other businesses. How many of those businesses you think he hands on? Probably none of them. None. Because he doesn't know. Right. But yet he thinks he knows football. Well, he's been around football the longest, so he, he, he feels like he knows it. Okay. Yeah. I I've been around a plow.

(20m 3s):
It doesn't make me attractive. Hell you talking about just because you around something. Hey, as a matter of fact, Ocho, I'm sleeping in my garage tonight. That don't make me a call. Yeah, That's a good one. I got you. I'm just trying to figure out what makes, what makes him think he knows. Just because you around something. Yeah. Hell ocho if somebody gonna give me all the, if somebody gonna gimme the scouting report, I can read off what they wrote down. Right. You'll think Jerry going to the Senior Bowl and out there looking and Scott got his notepad. Like, okay, guy got great pad level, drops his hip, great transition, change of direction. Oh, he bends the edge really well. I like the way he button pressed.

(20m 44s):
Yeah. He don't know. Yeah, he not Hell no. Not detailing sharp like that, obviously. Hell no. But there are guys that do, what's the, what's the guy name that runs the Cowboys? Wil. Will, will Cleen will Clay. He knows, he writes the notes, gives them to Jerry and then Jerry and they have a little selection. Okay. Okay. And I, who do we think is gonna be available when we select at the time we select Right. They give 'em a list of names. Everybody have their thing. Well Jerry, this is what we need. Okay, Jerry, this is what we need, bro. Michael Parsons fell in your lap.

(21m 26s):
You ain't do nothing. CD fell your lap. Come on bro. That ain't nothing. They failed to you. They had an agreement. Devonte Smith, the Eagles wanted Devonte Smith. It's like, hey, we'll trade up. Just don't bother him. We'll let y'all trade. Okay, fine. Just don't select par or y'all not gonna select Paron. You gonna take Devonte. Right? Okay. Boom. CD fill in the lap. All the other receivers were gone. So who are they gonna pick? They needed a receiver. Jetta was gone. Judy was gone. Ro was gone. Waddle was gone. Wow. He really went outta a limb and got cd.

(22m 6s):
I need a receiver. He the last one left. Oh no, my bad. I no. Yeah, because he Jalen r went before cd. Yeah, Jare went regular. Went to to Philly, right? Philly. Yes. So, so Ocho that ain't nothing if a guy just fall in your lap. No. If you want to impress me, do what Kansas City did. Yeah. Zoom up the draft board and go get somebody. That's what's impressive. That what? That lets me know. Okay. I they they know what they're doing. Right. You didn't do that. So IIII just don't get it.

(22m 47s):
Mingo has 17 catches for 167 yards all year. He had five catches for 64 yards when he arrived in Dallas. And he played eight games. Yeah. Played nine for Carolina. And they traded a fourth round pick for him. Right. Fourth or fifth traded a fourth round pick for that kind of production. He doesn't know what he's doing, huh? He may feel he Does. Yes. But there's no way he does it. It it is not, you know, it's, it is almost, it's it's, it's almost, Hold on, listen. See when did, did did hold on Ocho, did Justin Jefferson go before or after cd?

(23m 34s):
He wanna pick after He went. Yeah, he went after Jay Reer too. Yeah, he went 22nd. He went 22nd cd. Oh, So you, So you went CD and Justin Jefferson went 22nd. Check the numbers out. Right. Look at the numbers between the two. But he know football, not that CD is a bad 'cause CD is a number one receiver. Oh yeah. Absolutely. But I don't know very many people that's taking CD over Jetta. I mean, listen, Maybe Cowboy fans, but I'm talking about if you poll, if you poll GMs, you poll all 32 GMs and says Okay, you got Jetta or you got cd because right now people gonna take chasing Jetta.

(24m 23s):
They won two. Both of those guys were unanimous. First team all Pros. There weren't a whole lot of unanimous first team. All Pros. But those two guys were, was two of them. Yeah. And John damn near been an all pro every year. Except what, last year He got Nick, he went over a thousand Oh joint. Missed like seven games. Yeah. Can you imagine what his numbers would've been if he Had, Ain't nobody close to him his first three years, his first four years, his first five years. Nobody's close to those numbers. Now with the season that Chase had, chase might have an opportunity to get him, but he's gonna probably need another 14, 1500, which is possible with his quarterback in that system. But Jerry don't know what he's doing, man.

(25m 3s):
And like I said, I don't got no problem with Brian Schottenheimer. I'm just saying this notion that he's scouring and he's trying to get the best man for the job. I don't believe he's doing that. No, I don't believe he's ever done that. Not since j he's not gonna get a Chad Cowboy fans. Jerry is not gonna give, get anybody that's gonna offer him some resistance. Brian, lemme tell you what, Brian Schottenheimer doesn't have any say on the final 53. Any say in free agency, any say in the draft. And all those are things that the head coach should have some type of say or, or control over. Just basically, almost like I, I guess what if they still have arranged marriages?

(25m 45s):
Hold on. I'm the one that gotta be with this lady. Don't I need to know you trying to tell me what I want? I know what I want. Jerry is this is a arranged marriage. Jerry is telling you, he's picking players, telling you what you need as opposed to what you want. Or what would bet or, or what would fit best to the system right now, is them coming back? I mean, I had the, I as far as I know. See that's another thing. What if Brian Heimer wanna hire his own DC No, that's, that's that's crazy. I mean, listen, it's crazy the way things are run. Obviously Jerry has the power.

(26m 26s):
We understand that he's going to exercise that right and that power at every turn and every chance he gets, every chance and every turn Terry gets, he's, he's killing his, he's killing his own franchise. He's killing his own king.

(26m 41s):
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.

(27m 23s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They Changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, a lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

(28m 22s):
It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine HL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(29m 22s):
Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL history? I'm a j Stevens Vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series, along with my co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension. Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent Shock waves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, Tua Tango, Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the first time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their client signing on the dotted line. Listen to the Athlete's First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(30m 34s):
Pete Carroll was hired as head coach of the Raiders. Pete Carroll and the Raiders have reached a agreement on a three year deal with a team option for a fourth. When the regular season start, Carroll will become the oldest person to ever serve as head coach in the NFL. He turned 74 in September. The previous record was held by Romeo Connell, who was 73 when he served at interim Head coach of the Houston Texans ocho. Do you like this movie? It it Pete, it is Pete Carroll. I I I like Pete Carroll Pete's resume. You know, it speaks for herself what he's done. He's a Super Bowl winning head coach. Again, when I look at what he has to work with over in, in, in Las Vegas, I'm not sure why he would, he would want to.

(31m 16s):
Maybe he, he knows something we don't know. Maybe he knows something. You know, he has something Cooking Is one of 32. Huh? What you talking about? What he want a or 32 of those jobs? Yeah, I know, but still, I, I mean just, just going to take a job knowing that your least is gonna be short, knowing that you don't have the most important position on your team, on that team that matters to be able to compete and contend in that. Do you know what conference division he's in? Yes. Huh? Yes. A FC West, a C West Broncos, Kansas Chargers charger. Yeah. All of 'em got quarterbacks. Everybody got quarterback for the next decade at grade. Exactly. So I'm not, I'm, I'm not sure That he gotta be thinking about something.

(31m 58s):
He must be cooking up something with Mark Davis. I don't know what that may Be. Oh, Joe, lemme ask you this. I and, and Chad, y'all can help me. You'll understand you 70 years old, this 3-year-old thing, she nice got long hair. She got ooh skin. Yeah. Built, stacked like dirty laundry in the dorm room, hair down her back. And when she steps, she'll step her. Y'all know what I'm talking about. She'll step her. Y'all gonna see her. She gonna have her YSL she'll have on to Ford, she'll have on them blood bottles. Everything is, everything is immaculate. And she's interested in you, you taking that Pete Carroll about to be 74.

(32m 38s):
How many jobs are he, you think he gonna get in the NFL at the age of 75? I like where you're going with it. I'd like you to listen when you put it like that, when you gimme that kind of analogy. I like when you're going with it. But everything you just said, you know, you talking about Tom Ford, you know? Yeah. You know the, the nice shoes and she's a stepper. Well, everything you just described in that woman ain't the goddamn Las Vegas Raiders. It, it don't go together, you know. Now the lost the, the Las Vegas Raiders is the one where your homeboy say, Hey boy, I sharp, I need someone to take one for the team tonight now. Oh no, never. The one I got, you know, she's a 10 now. Her friend, she say she she had to bring her friend with her.

(33m 20s):
Now a friend is only a six. But you with it. No, you gonna take one T don't the Las Vegas Raiders, what you guys explain is like, like getting ready to be the, the head coach for the Chiefs or something. But, but you have to understand the ocho, she's shown interest in you. Yeah. She ain't gotta have on nothing. She might come out the house with Crocs. She might come out the house with that bonded on. But she 32. Yeah, Curry. Hold on, hold on. She's 32 Curry. How? Hold on, let, let, let give a visuals together. Now. How tall are we talking? How tall are we talking? She's somewhere between, she's somewhere between five seven and five nine Mm.

(34m 4s):
I'm gonna do, I'm gonna do you one better. I'm gonna do you one better. 'cause we both, we we both tall. Let's just make a, just just make a 5, 5, 5. 9, 5 10. So when she puts some, when she puts some heels on, we call her Amazon 32. Got a nice job. She makes six figures low, six figures. When you see her out, she ain't got nothing on her. She, Carrie, she carried Louis all the time. She got her own, got her own crib, got her own car. Yeah. You gotta be careful now because because everything you describing right now as a woman, she talk back. That's okay. I listen. She talk, I listen. Hey, why? I dunno what you talking about Ocho?

(34m 46s):
Hey, I about to be 57, man. I ain't fixing do all that. I I'm past that stage OCHO where I gotta with the pants and I gotta be my way. Oh no, she talked back. Yeah, you know what? You right. I didn't want to go over there. Why didn't you tell me this yesterday? I Like, I like it. I like, I I listen, I understand where you at. Listen, you're in a different phase of your life. You under, you have to understand, you don't have to fight every battle. It's not like he Ben Johnson. See Yeah. Tom Brady wanted Ben Johnson. Right. Ben Johnson. I ain't got no quarterback. Yeah. Ideally, would I like to be in the same division? No, but I got a quarterback over here. I got skill position players over here.

(35m 27s):
I got a lot of cab space and I can build, guess what? I got a quarterback on a rookie contract so I can put some pieces around him. You got, you got a little time. You got about, you got about two more years. Got two more years. Two years. So with that being said, Ocho, but Pete being 70, about to be 74. Think about it. In the history of the game, there's only one other. Coach Romeo was 73 and he was interim wasn't head, he wasn't, you know, that wasn't, somebody hired him and gave him the job. He just took over. So for me, it, for for, for, for Pete, it's a no brainer right now. Pete can build a team. We saw what he did with Seattle, but Russ came to him in the third round.

(36m 10s):
I think Russ was the third round draft pick. And we saw what happened. They had a great defense. They built that thing. They had B wg, they had shrm, they had Chancellor, they had Earl, they had Malcolm Smith, they had Bennett, they had Cliff Averil, they had Red, They had a S squad. Russ come in. Remember now they, they assigned Matt Flynn and free agency from Green Bay. He was expected they gave him $10 million guaranteed at a $30 million contract. $10 million signing bonus. And he never touched the field. Russ beat him out in camp. Crazy how that work. A and maybe they, maybe they can, maybe he can strike lightning he under. But see the thing is ocho, he understands he's been a head coach at a lot of different stops.

(36m 53s):
He's head coach at the Jets. He's head coach at the Patriots head coach of Seattle head coach here, head coach at USC. And you look at what he did. USC was USC was not winning before Pete got there. He put USC back on the map. Now you not old enough to remember when USC had that juggernaut, late sixties in the, through the seventies. They were hell, they were loaded. Good deal. Yes, yes, yes, yes. I mean, you gotta think about it. They had Charles White and Marcus Allen, Ronnie lot, Dennis Smith, joy, browner Ross, all the, all those guys. So they, they were, they were real.

(37m 34s):
Lynn Kane, all those guys within in that backfield. They were really, they were really good Munoz. Yeah. Big. I think Don Mobar was on that team. They were, they were, they were loaded. But Pete knows how to build a team. But at the end of the day, if you look at the teams, when he's had his best, most success Quarterback always, it matters. And without him, so Russ and Pete, Hey Russ, Pete reunite in Oakland, I mean in Vegas. Him And him and Russ Rus Wilson. That's A good one. That's a good, that's a good one.

(38m 14s):
I, I like, I like, I like what you're thinking. That's a possibility. I'm not, I'm, I'm, I'm not sure I'm, I am not sure. Damn. That's a good one. A quarterback. A quarterback that you're familiar with. A quarterback that you won a Super Bowl with, you know, but there were some, there, there were some issues internally. It got, are You, you wanna go back To that Pete, Pete like, nah, bro, I see the Pete was like, I see diminishing skills, right? Nah, bro, I ain't, I ain't really trying to give you 200 plus. Russ say, bro, I, hey, and you know, hey, spin the block.

(38m 56s):
Yeah. You, You know, sometimes when be so bad, don't you, you ain't got a choice, but you spin the block. Yeah. I, I, I don't, that ain't what I, that ain't what I set out to do. Right. But sometimes that's what you have to do. Hey, you know the, hey, half your age plus seven minus three. So that's why I come forward. That's that. You know, that's My box. Yes sir. I stay right here on you. I ain't going outside of it, you know, side to side, side to side right here. But I ain't going outside that box. Okay. Maybe, Hey, Depending On who it is, maybe You know what I'm talking about.

(39m 44s):
You know what I'm talking, you know what I'm talking about. Don't Joe, you know what I'm saying? Age sometime, you know, hey, Oh, Like I hey, your boy ain't 27, ain't 37 no more. It's different. It's different. Listen, you know what's good, you know what's good about us is really understanding and realizing we're not the same. Yes. We're not the same as we were as we want. No. We understand what we're capable of doing at our age. Now, the thing we did in our, in our teens and twenties and thirties, man, we ain't pulling that shit. We not pulling that shit off at this. No, no, no. I ain't, I ain't, look, I, I ain't finn I ain't finna grab no 25-year-old like I could when I was 32, 33.

(40m 25s):
I already know that right now, Ocho, I'm gonna, when I can, not when I want to. You see what I'm saying? Ocho, I'm gonna, when I can not when I want to understand that chat. Understand, stay with me now. Stay with me. There's a difference between the Two. You know what you, you know what you got, you got self-awareness. Of course self-awareness is so important, but it's lacking in so many, so many of our men today. It is lacking in so many of our Yeah. Still trying to think. You can keep up and do some of the things you did when you were No, No, I'm a hey, I, I'm who I am about to be, Hey, six months, 57 now I don't look at, I still, I'm in shape. You know, I eat my veggies and do my I abs.

(41m 8s):
But hey, at the end of the day they hit that Google. Damn damn. 50 57. Yeah. 57. Hey so hey Ocho, you know, sometimes you have to catch, hey, catch a straggler coming outta the supermarket. You know what I'm saying? I'm leading on the listen, I'm leading on the wall wake gonna, It's a ninth inning. It's a ninth inning. It's two strikes and three balls. What you gonna do now? Four a quarter to a two minute, two minute drive. Hey, I wild. Hey, you sit in your car for a little while. Watch her go in and out. Okay. Hey Ocho, she look as desperate as I am.

(41m 51s):
The Jacksonville Jaguars are finalizing a deal to hire Buck offensive coordinator Liam Coen, as their next head coach. The move comes after Cohen agreed to an extension with the Buccaneers and removed himself from the consideration for the Jags job. Cohen met with Jaguars on Thursday to discuss the vacancy, despite the news of his return to Tampa, which would have made him the highest paid coordinator in NFL history. Jacksonville reportedly reached out to Coen after the team fired Trent Bony to see if he would reconsider the offer. And after their talks, it appears Jacksonville has their guy. Well, I Like it. I like it. And the fact that the fact that he chose to leave, even though the bucks were gonna make him the highest paid officer coordinator, you know, They gonna make it by d He gonna make more than we were gonna make him Jags.

(42m 41s):
How, How you figure He gonna make at least $7 million with the Jags, the highest paid coordinator probably make him make $3 million. We remember we just talked about Ola making 3.5. I Know that's, that's what I'm just saying. But if they, if they, if they're telling him to leave the job or they want, we want you to re reconsider, I'm sure allow him to reset the market on whatever it is. No, they're gonna ask him to re No, the Jags ask him to reconsider. So they're gonna give him a head coaching job, which would probably be somewhere around 7 million. The Tampa Bay Buccaneers was only gonna give him 3 million, 4 million. Okay. Okay. Yeah, no, I was just saying. So, okay, I had it backwards, but I knew he was leaving.

(43m 23s):
Make More in Jacksonville. Nobody. Absolutely, And, and look, and you are over everything. You're, you know, you're responsible. I mean, the head coach comes with a lot of responsibilities. Yes. You, you're not, you are not responsible for one side of the ball. You are responsible for the whole ball. Offense, defense, special teams. When we gonna practice, what time we gonna meet? Okay? What's the, what's the, the training, you know what I'm saying As far as weight schedule. Okay. Injured players. What time do they have to be there? How long the meeting gonna last? Last, what time are we gonna leave OCHO for road trips? Where are we gonna stay? All that goes on the head coaches.

(44m 6s):
So congratulations. I, I mean, I hate for Baker because Baker had really under his guidance. Yeah. He, he was Baker was, baker had, baker had Looked like the baker that they took that the reason why they took it with the number one overall pick of think in 2016, the last two years, he showed you why. And a lot of that had to do, I believe had to do with Liam Coen. Not to say Bakker doesn't have talent because obviously you go first overall you got talent. But I think he had found someone that believed in him that had an offense that was really catered to what he does really well. He had nice quality receivers outside with Mike Evans. Even though Chris Godwin got hurt this year, the young guys that come along, I love the running backs that they got.

(44m 49s):
But I, I hate this, I hate this for Bakker, but I'm excited for someone to get an opportunity to be a head coach because hey, last two years he's done a great job as an OC for Tampa and he's getting rewarded for his hard work. Oh yeah. That's dope. So what do you think Ocho? You, you liked him? Oh yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Listen, if he can do, if, if, if he can do, if he can do what he did for bak, imagine what he would do for Trevor Lawrence Baker Mayfield had Mike Evans. Now young, young Bulls a stud over there in Jacksonville. Now Chad, I, I don't know Brian Thomas Jr. Y'all paid attention to Brian to jr. But he's is there's a reason he's in the Pro Bowl.

(45m 30s):
Yeah. There's a reason he's in the Pro Bowl. So that magic he had in Tampa with Baker and Mike Evans has always been Mike Evans. But I'm sure he can create that same magic between Trevor Lawrence and get him turned around. You know, after getting that huge mayday and Brian had Tom Jr. They were your security blanket it right there. Yeah. They go your security blanket right there. Traffic. Yep. They go your security. Blame it right there. Take Bigsby. I think you probably need to do a little bit more with the offensive line. Yeah. Shore that up. I think they got a pretty good defense. Maybe look at, look at a corner. Look at a look. You gonna high draft pick? You got a quarterback, you don't need a quarterback. I wouldn't spend a high draft pick on a wide receiver.

(46m 13s):
I wouldn't spend a high draft pick on a tight end. I don't know if there's anyone that's worthy to be selected. If they're an offensive lineman that's worthy of a pick that high. Probably not. Maybe a defensive lineman. Maybe a db. But yeah, you got Trevor Lawrence, you got Brian Thomas Jr. You got Evan Ingram, you got Tank Bigsby, you got Trevor at TNI mean, yeah, at TN. So you got some nice quality pieces. But you gotta have to protect, you gonna have to protect Trav and he's gonna have to do a job of protecting himself. They, They have the number one pick, right? No, Tennessee has the number one pick. Oh shoot. Okay. That means shado. The shado is gone first, then Jacksonville's at five.

(46m 58s):
So lemme see. It's Shado probably go first. The Tennessee the second would be, I think Cleveland's at Two then Cam Ward would probably go two. And who in New England is three, right? No, Giants are three. New England's four Jacksonville's five. See That, that might, that might be a shocker right there too at three. I'm, I'm, The question is, what is, would Tennessee be moving to move down? Is there somebody that's in the draft that Tennessee says, we must bet we must have and we don't believe he'll be, he'll be available if we slide down to 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.

(47m 47s):
That's the question, Ocho, because the question is, are Tennessee one player away Ocho or do you deem multiple. Multiple. Okay, if I can slide down and get next year's first rounder, get a, maybe pick up a second or third this year and a second and third next year and in 27 maybe get a fourth. I think that's the, that's the best option because I don't think any of these teams are one player away. Now obviously everybody's not gonna slide down, but if I can, if I can, if I can slide down Mocho and really, really, really build, I think I'd be willing to do that. I don't, I don't see anyone sliding down, especially for the players that that that we have going, that are slotted in the Mont drafts to go top five.

(48m 31s):
I don't see any team coming out coming outta those. No, I, I Should mock draft Ocho Shado Sanders one, Tennessee Abdul Carter, the Edge rush out of Penn State. Two Cam Ward quarterback outta Miami. Three Travis Hunter, the all purpose all do it all. Wide receiver cornerback, new England, Mason Graham D line, Michigan Will Johnson, cornerback, Michigan Will Campbell offensive lineman, OT jets. Now this is just a mark obviously, clearly Tennessee needs a court now, you know, listen to them talk today.

(49m 15s):
They're like, Hey, we are willing to bring Will Levis back, but kinda informative that there's gonna become competition. We, we know, we know what that means. And maybe that would be good a, a good thing for Will, maybe that'd be a good thing. Having someone that can help the, the, to force you to compete at a high level, you know, to force you to minimize your mistakes. Because you know, when you got somebody looking over your shoulder, they can do two things. They can either make you or it can break you a lot. That's a lot of, that's a lot of pressure when you know you can't make no mistakes when you're trying to play mistake free football, then you start to press, you start press. That means listen. Right.

(49m 55s):
That ain't a good thing. It depends on how he's built mentally. I agree. I think the thing is OCHO is that AP did a disservice to the Raiders by winning that game. 'cause they slid down from one all the way to six. Yeah. So there's a possibility that you could, you could lose out on Cam Ward and Shado. Well Listen, listen on in the war room, you never know what's gonna happen. You never know what goes on. They have those phones in there for reason. So maybe something may happen, you know, be before the draft or you know, during the draft and maybe somebody comes up and snatches the player that they want on their board to make sure he doesn't get away.

(50m 36s):
Well they really don't have a whole lot of draft tradable pieces. The one piece they got is Crosby Max. Well you, Max Crosby. Crosby. That's the one. That's the one piece that everybody would be willing to give up a first round pick or multiple picks for. I don't see anybody else on that roster that they would be willing to give that up for Brock Bowers. But they're not trading Brock Bowers that. Hell no. But Max Crosby is the only one that I see that has the, that has the, the capital attached to him that somebody would be, be willing to give up.

(51m 22s):
He's the most valuable. He and Brock Bowers are the most valuable pieces. Well, clearly they're not trading Brock Bowers, but I don't think the Raiders are one player away. But They need damn quarterback. That's what they need. They absolutely need a quarterback To fix that situation. And then you build, you, you build around.

(51m 46s):
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.

(52m 27s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed It. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or Wherever you get, get your podcasts.

(53m 26s):
Ever wonder what it's like to be on the phone with an NFL General Manager as you finalize the biggest contract in NFL History? I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First, where we've negotiated $1.4 billion in current NFL quarterback contracts. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series, along with my co-host Brian Murphy, athletes first, CEO. We're pulling back the curtain on how these historic deals come together. You'll hear directly from the agents who shaped the NFL's financial landscape, the ones who negotiated Justin Herbert's extension. Deshaun Watson's fully guaranteed contract that sent shock waves through the league. This isn't just about the numbers though, it's about the untold stories behind these massive negotiations and the relationships. The NFL superstars like Dak Prescott, Tua Viola and Jordan Love have with their agents at Athletes First. For the first time ever, the agents who orchestrate these deals are sharing the details of the negotiations and everything that led up to their client signing on the dotted line. Listen to The Athletes First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(54m 32s):
It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey league and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast, and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm vibing. Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(55m 39s):
Mark Andrews publicly apologized for dropping the ball on what would've been a game time two point conversion. It is impossible to adequately express how I feel. I'm absolutely gutted by what happened on Sunday. I'm devastated for my teammates, my coaches, and Ravens fans. I pour every ounce of my being into playing at the highest level possible because I love my team and I love the game of football like nothing else. That is why it's taken me until now to collect my thoughts and address this publicly, even though the shock and disappointment are unlike anything I felt before. I refuse to let this situation define me. I promise that this advers adversity will only make me stronger and fuel us as we move forward.

(56m 20s):
I think everyone that has shown me and our team genuine support these past several days, despite the negativity, I've seen heartfelt love and encouragement, including from those who have generously donated to the breakthrough TD T 1D organization. Even when the moments seem darkest, perspective can reveal that there is still a lot of light in this world, right? I'm now going to do my part to bounce back and contribute to it. Hashtag God bless ocho. Yeah. Was this necessary? No. No. Not at all. Not at all. There's nothing you can do. There's no point of, you know, writing, writing an apology.

(57m 4s):
There are ups and downs, there are obstacles, there are hurdles in a game. You don't owe anybody on the outside of that locker room an apology. You talk to your players, you talk to your teammates, you talk to your coaches, you know, and, and you let them know how you feel. There's no need. You apologizing publicly to everyone that hasn't put in the work you've done. They're not there in training camp with you. They're not there in meetings room with you. No, they're not bleeding with you. They're not going to war out there with you. Now, they do support you because they are fans of the team. Any apologies should be had, should be had within that team to individual players and nobody else if that's what you see fit in doing.

(57m 48s):
But that's the birth of brotherhood. Yes. You know, they, they, they not gonna be talk, talking trash about you and Oh man, you just, no, it Happens. Ocho I mean, I remember Ernest by and I eb I know Eb, I mean new EB a long time. He was in Baltimore when I was there. Right. And stayed in contact with him. He fumbled the ball. He was running into the end zone. Ocho. Yeah. He had a touchdown that would've put the bulla, put the brows in front of the Broncos and Guy pulled it out. Mm. It happens. Yeah, It happens. Look at Billy Buckner. The ball went right through his legs. Magic Johnson had a situation.

(58m 28s):
They used to call, they called him tragic. He had a chance to win the game. Right. He drove the time out. They lost in overtime. He was a two time finals. MVP. Right? So fans are gonna turn Look fans, I, I don't care what you've done. Yeah. Oh, they'll turn on you quick now they'll turn, they're turn on you quick. Their loyalty is not with you. The loyalty is there with you simply because you are part Of you on the team they root for. Yeah. That that's it. That, that, that is it. Yeah. I just think the thing is he came out, he'd have come out much better. Just a, I'm devastated guys.

(59m 9s):
We had an opportunity to tie this game up. I like our chances from that point on and just left it at, but Ocho you can't run. Yeah. You can't run. You don't have to say anything. You ain't about running No ocho You, you've got to speak after the media. Oh, lemme ask your question. We had, he caught, had he caught it and they won, do you think Mark Andrews would've spoke? Oh, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, he did? Oh, he, why he speak to the media? You Said he don't have to speak. Oh, I mean, no, I'm saying write that, that written letter that like the, like the, we've got, that's not necessary. You got Ocho. This is why I'm a firm believer, you have to be able to handle adversity the same way you gonna respect Yeah.

(59m 49s):
I prosperity. I didn't realize success. Yeah. I didn't realize he didn't speak to the media. I He didn't speak, he didn't speak after the game and he didn't speak in the exit interview. Yeah. See, yeah. I mean, but the whole, the letter thing that's like, Yeah, I ain't write no letter. Nah, I ain't no point for all of that, man. I mean, I might write that thing to my boo thing. He Had a great season. Mark an yes. Mark Anthony dropped four passes this season. Huh? He dropped four passes all year long. It just so happened they came at the wrong time. Two of them. Yes. The humble came at the wrong time. Yes. You know, It happens though. Ocho I think after that first drop, you know, every, everything else was in his head after that.

(1h 0m 30s):
But here's the thing, even on the first drop, they went down and got a touchdown. Yeah. So we can't hold that against him. They scored on that. Yep. If, look, it's at the end of the game. This is what everybody remembers. The fumble Buffalo went down and got points out of that. The, the the two point conversion, you know, they weren't, they weren't able to get the on side. Right Now, there was a minute in 33 seconds with two timeouts. Now you're gonna have to ask your defense. We'll never know. Maybe the defense gets a turnover and they score and they, they win the game. Maybe hey, they go down and, and, and, and, and, and, and ball and buffalo kick a field goal and they win the game 30 to 27. We'll never know.

(1h 1m 10s):
But you have to be able to handle, you have to be able to handle adversity the same way you handle success. Because it's not what happens to you that, that determines what, what do you do? You act once that happens to you. Yeah. And I believe Mark Andrews is made of the right stuff. You don't have the success that he's had in this league. He's been an all pro. He's been a pro Bowl player. He's been Lamar Jackson's most reliable weapon. Yeah. Since he's been in Baltimore. We can't, we, there's no denying that. And Jay Flowers had an unbelievable season, but since Lamar's been there, and Mark Andrews has been there, Mark Andrews has been his most reliable weapon. And I can imagine, I I ocho I've been there.

(1h 1m 52s):
I dropped a pass that would've given the Broncos home field throughout the playoffs. I just say if I'm ever in that situation again, ain't happening. Well, five years, six years later, I'm in that situation. Third and eight. Yeah. In the situation in b in Baltimore. Third and 18. Right. Mark, I promise you, you come back and make, make a play next year to win a game. Win a playoff game. Just keep your head up, bro. You are strong. You're a great player. You are gonna be up there with all the other grays, with the Ray Lewis' and the Suggs and the Ed Reeds.

(1h 2m 34s):
Yeah. And the Peter Bowell and the Mike McCreary. The Jonathan Ogden's. You are gonna up there. You gonna Be all right. You gonna be up there? Yep. You gonna be okay. So pick your head up. I know it's hurting. I know it hurts, bro. I know it hurts because of the finality of it, Man. What could have been, you're so close. But bro, you'll be okay. I promise you you're gonna be okay. And it's tough. You know, all, all your teammates say, oh, Joe, they try to tell you the right thing, man. You know, man, hey man, it ain't your fault. Right. We win together, we lose together. But ing that, not really, not that difficult on you. Yeah. That Hey. But see, that was different with us because I remember we, we lost to the Giants OCHO at 90, in 98.

(1h 3m 19s):
Wow. We were 13. We were 13 and three. Right. Played on a Saturday and we take the lead. We weren't playing well. TD was really sick, but TD gave us an outstanding effort. I think TD might have had 150 yards. Wow. TD was sensational. Man. They go 87 yards in three plays. Man. We get on the bus, you know, everybody head down quiet. I walk by the dude that gave that touchdown like you cost us this undefeated Caesar. Damn. Damn. Huh? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, oh yeah. We were like that ocho. Yeah, for sure. Y Lee. Yeah. Oh, Tim mackay. I said, oh yeah, you like to cost us.

(1h 3m 60s):
You like, hey, you like to fell out like you did in Pittsburgh? No. Oh no. Oh. But we had, but Ocho we had that type of relationship with the guys. Oh, we had no problem. You drop a pass or you gave up something. Oh yeah. You had no, oh yeah. You gonna hear about it. Yeah. They On you. Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. For sure. But your a me a burns that was Oh, we gonna keep you humble. Oh, oh. Especially until, you know, I'm saying you gave up plays in the game, but come practice you, Dion. Right. You all Were do that in the game. Oh. Oh. Was, Oh, you got me, you got me locked up.

(1h 4m 42s):
You up there talking, you doing this all in my face. Right. Why did you do that on Sunday? Oh yeah, Ocho. Yeah. Hey, we could let, we can't let, Hey, we can't let you get too high. We gotta keep you right here. We gotta keep you right here like that. Because we keep you right here, Ocho Yeah. We know we can have you. You start feeling good about yourself and all of a sudden you start bull jiving. No, we gotta keep you level. And so yeah. I I wouldn't have wrote, I wouldn't have written no letter. Me personally, Ocho that's him, that's how he handled, handled it. I would've been mad enough to, I would've been mad enough to stand up there and in front of the, yeah.

(1h 5m 22s):
I let, I let, I let my team down today, guys. After I did. Yeah. If somebody would've told me I was gonna have an opportunity to atone for the fumble, right. By catching a two point conversion and giving our team an opportunity to potentially take this thing to overtime, good Chance. That's all I could ask for. All I all you want is an opportunity to put, to be in that situation. Right. Because a lot of times, Ocho you don't even get an opportunity to be in that situation. Right. To catch a, a game changing play or a game winning play. Moments Like that come, come around every so often. Every so often though it don't happen, all it don't happen all the time.

(1h 6m 5s):
Now it's, yes, fortunate enough because of the team he's playing for, they're going to always be in contention and he's going to always be making plays for the March Jackson. Yes. So he, he, he gonna be all right. He gonna be all right. Victory goes to the man that's prepared luck. They call it The Volume.

(1h 6m 28s):
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad-free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in-depth school info Perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.

(1h 7m 1s):
Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen to Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 7m 31s):
$1.4 billion in NFL quarterback contracts. The untold stories behind the biggest deals in football history. I'm AJ Stevens, vice President of Client Strategy at Athletes First. Introducing the Athletes First Family Podcast, the quarterback series. My co-host Brian Murphy. Athletes first, CEO, and I are sitting down with the agents who have negotiated contracts for Justin Herbert, Deshaun Watson, Dak Prescott, Tua tga, Viola and Jordan Love. Listen to Athletes' First Family podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 8m 4s):
What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're Doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game. Right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen To Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.