
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


You know you've gotta comeback in you. When you take the next step, you're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Apple Watch series 10 is here. It has the biggest display ever. It's also the thinnest Apple Watch ever making it even more comfortable on your wrist, whether you're running, swimming or sleeping. And it's the fastest charging Apple Watch getting you eight hours of charge in just 15 minutes. The Apple Watch series 10 available for the First time in glossy jet black aluminum compared to previous generations. iPhone tennis are later required charge time and actual results will vary.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


The Volume


NFL playoffs. We're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers To get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at draft King Sportsbook. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite aunt Fat guy. Damn Ocho you there? Yeah. What's wrong? What happened? You ain't got no s spotlights. You calling me black? Nah, you but I ain't even know you was sitting there for the longest time now. I said man, where Ocho They said, man Ocho sitting in that chair. I ain't, man. Hey, come On man. Damn. I ain't, I'm listen, I'm, I know I've been, I've been tanning. I've been going to the, to the tanning salon. I'm, I'm trying to get like, well you, You might need to go to the Sammy Sosa salon. No, no, I don't, I don't want to get light.


I wanna to get darker. You know, you know they say black. They know, you know, they say black of the juice is sweet of the berry. No, I think it's the, you know, black of the berry. The sweet of the juice. That's I think the Chad, that's what I just said. I think the Chad understood what you would going, what you going for? That's what I said. I I said the black of the juice is sweet of the berry. Nah, it's the black of the berry. The sweet of the juice. Yeah, but we get what you're going, we get what you're Trying to say. Yeah. Yeah. We get you. Okay. You right. You right. You right. You got me. That's the Liberty City Legend Bingo Ring of Fame honoree. The Pro Bowl of the AllPro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Every subscriber counts. We thank you for joining us every time we show up. Start out at three nights a week, four or five no matter what, no matter when you guys show up for us. And we greatly appreciate that. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock. And what better break to celebrate the 2025 year than with a bottle of Shea by La Portier. Now if you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it and we will ship it directly to your door. And one more favor I ask of you. Please, please drink responsibly. Go subscribe to the Nightcap Park. Hold on. Oh yeah, I forgot this. We about to, you know, please subscribe to the Humble Baddies YouTube page.


The link is Pen in the top of the chat. Outstanding episodes. They had some great questions today. Do you run a guy still text his ex? Do you run, do you stay Red Flag? What do you do was great? Great. Listen to guys, but go subscribe to the Humble Body Baddies YouTube page. The link is Pin at the top of our chats. Also follow Chase Sha Media on all of its platforms. And my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We did these Titus I see you. Our newest release just dropped last month. T-shirts, sweats, beanies, cruises and mugs. Quantities are limited. So please make sure you grab yours Wild Supplies. Last tickets for our Super Bowl show in New Orleans.


It's our first spring tour stop. And the tickets are on sale now. The link is pen at the top of the chat. VIP meet and greets. Tickets officially sold out today, but there are still many tickets left to attend the big show. February the sixth at the Mahalia Jackson Theater in New Orleans. Be there. Great guests lined up. You don't wanna miss this guys. Both Nightcap and Club Shehe have been nominated for NAACP Image Awards. Nightcap was nominated for outstanding podcasts in the arts, sports, and Entertainment Club. Shehe was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for you guys. The link is also pinned in our social bios. We have a very, a very, very special guest joining us later in the show.


Chief Royal Ramey, we're gonna talk. He's a a fire. It's Chief Fire Inspector. Right? Fire Chief. Fire. Chief Firefighter. He was a firefighter. Has a very interesting story. And you know, guys, we say we'd like to entertain you. We like to inform you, we like to educate you. So we felt very compelling, very compelled, especially what's going on in California right now with the Palisades and the wildfires up in Malibu. To have someone on that can provide a better insight into actually what's going on and what's the best way to get a handle on it. Ocho before, before we go to Ocho ocho, I wanna read a report. Yeah. About Jim Harbaugh charges head coach. Jim Harbaugh said today that he have a cardio ablation, ablation this off season and hip replacement surgery.


Ocho remember I was having a conversation with you. I say I know that walk, I seen that walk several times. And You did say that not long ago on the show. I ocho I know that walk. You think it, I know it gotta had that walk for the better part of three years. So it is, it's painful. Huh? What? Hold on, wait a minute now. Huh? Wait a minute. If he's getting the surgery, if he gonna get it now, what's the timetable as far as healing? And will he be able to coach? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He'd be fine. He was fine. I mean, Ocho I had the surgery, the first surgery I had on a Wes, I had a, on a Saturday I was doing squats and lunges that following Thursday. What? Oh yeah. Oh yeah.


Oh, it ain't no now for me. They, they, the PT told me, said, Hey, take a little, take a little some Ambien, you know, not Ambien, Ambien, take some ty pain medicine. Yeah. So I took a couple of Tylenol, something like that because he said we gonna put it through you gonna be a little painful. You gotta realize Ocho you got that incision. Okay. And you got the surgery, the, the, the, the, the artificial hip that's in there. Right. So, you know, you gonna have to bite down. You know, I had a towel, I had to bite down on that towel Ocho 'cause there's tears rolling down your boy's eyes. But I knew sometimes people wait too late. Right. And they, that it gets, you know, you don't get that flexibility in there. Right. I wanted the flexibility immediately.


And so I I I had to, I had to bite the bullet. But you know what you're going as a professional athlete, you know, we have stuff like that. You don't know what it's like to be injured. And So you probably hadn't had to do a whole lot of rehab other than a little sprained ankle. But if you've had surgeries, if you've gone through things, you kind of know what it's like. And so it only took me ocho I was, I was back working out. They normally say, okay, six weeks I was back working out in four weeks, but I was squatting four days, five days after I actually had the surgery squatting and lunging. So hold on. I'm, I'm confused. I now, now after you get these surgeries, now the rods or whatever they put in place, Oh, they there. So what happened? Does it affect you when you in cold weather or, or you No, no.


There's, there's, you'll never have pain in that because there, there is no bone. There's nothing to be arthritic. Ah. So you gonna be great. And like the doctor told me and said, you won't believe how well you feel after you have this surgery. Everybody that's ever had this surgery that I've spoken to. Right. They rave about it. They rave about it. It is a, if you have, if you have hip pains and the thing is ocho some people young as, as tus, I see you buddy. Some people is young as 27, 28 are having total hip replacement To at 27 28, huh? Yep. That thing, if it gets chronic, if it gets bad enough, ocho, oh, you get it done.


Can I put it off Ocho I got the injection, I got the steroid injection, I got all that stuff, Ocho. But eventually that pain got, then it kept felt like they was giving me a placebo. It didn't even do anything. The, the, the, the pain medication that they was injecting in there, the steroid. Right. It wasn't doing anything to help. So I just did, I just did that and got it done with. But Coach Harbaugh, you gonna be just fine being the next professional athlete like yourself and being as hardhead as you are, I know you gonna put the time into rehab and you'll be back up and running. You'll be glad you had this surgery, I promise you. That pain that you feel, I don't know if he's taking any pain medication, but the pain that he feels, he won't feel anymore. I promise you that ocho And hold on.


I, I'm, I'm still thinking about that. You talking about people that's 27, 28 probably never played contact sports never played at the highest level as far as NFL is concerned. How do you have hip, hip problems at such an early age? Sometimes. Sometimes it's degenerative, sometimes. Sometimes it's degenerative de degener degenerative. You just, you just born with it. You know. Look, my sister had both of hers. She ain't never played no surgery, Play volleyball, tennis, nothing, Nothing, nothing. Had both of 'em replaced. My brother had his replaced about to have a knee replaced. I've had both of my replaced, obviously. Obviously if you're a professional athlete, the bounding, I was a jumper, a triple jumper and a long jumper in high school. Played sports since I was nine years of age.


Obviously all that pounding up and down playing basketball all those years, obviously yes. But sometimes you, you know, you're just, you know, you're just born. I mean, think about all the people that never played a sport that's having knee replacement or hip replacement. Right. It just, it just happened. But like I said, sometimes, sometimes it's a situation where you have an accident, a car accident, a motorcycle accident, and the hip is destroyed. You gotta get another one. Sometimes it's degenerative. You just never know. But I just know you're glad you do because glad you once you have that surgery, I know you're glad you are. Right. Glad you did. Because it's so damn painful Right now. I don't mean to be in anybody's personal business. I ain't mean to, I don't, I don't mean to be in your pockets.


Now when we talk about these type of surgeries, what type of money we talking about Mine? This was, I had my first one. I'm trying to think. I think I had my first one in, in, in July of 2020. Yeah. Like 104,000. Oh man. Oh man. Hell no. Hey, that hip gonna have to stay like that boy gonna have No it won't. Oh no. You see, hey, you see how Jim Harbaugh walking? Hold on. You talking about like 104,000 American dollars payso Compared to bang Ocho. The longer you walk like that, now you wear down that knee. Now you mess up the other side because the body is like a car.


When the sharks go bad on one side, if you don't get it replaced, it mess up the rear end. Now your alignment is messed up. Now something else is thrown off. The body is meant to be to work simultaneous. Right now, if something is catching this side is work now it's gotta compensate for the side. That's not work working pur properly. Yeah, But come on, listen, listen. In this economy, unc you know, think, think about the price point you just said. You talking about 104,000. Yeah. American dollars not pay. So you about American dollars. Everybody ain't got that, huh? Yeah. I mean a lot of times it's, it's older people and then maybe, maybe you get Medicaid, Medicare, whatever, whatever. Say I'm very fortunate that obviously, you know, I had medical insurance, but they don't pay for, they don't pay for it all.


And so I had to come outta my pocket, which was no problem. Yeah. I'm glad I was able to be able to afford 'cause even if I didn't have medical insurance, I would've been able to afford it. But fortunately I did have medical insurance and I was, it was able to offset some of the costs. But you understand that. But it's, it's some things Ocho you just can't, and that's what I, I feel bad for people that don't have medical insurance or don't have the proper medical insurance because, you know, you get some diagnosis and then the insurance wanna pay for half and don't pay. It'll bankrupt you. The quickest way to lose wealth is healthcare. Yeah. If you don't have it. I mean, some of these procedures cost a half a million, a million, $2 million, and you got drugs that's costing 20,000 a month.


We're gonna pay for that. Hold on. What procedure costs almost 500,000 to a million? Man? Hey, you start having them transplants lung, you start having kidney. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah. And then medicine. I mean, you get these certain kind of cancers though. You're in the medicine is 20,000 a month. Who on for Duke, how you 4 25 in a month? Listen, I, I, listen, I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but I have, I have a take and I, I don't want to go there on the show tonight as far as when it comes to cancer and, and and, and, and things of that nature. But I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, that's, that's a whole nother can of worms.


I'm gonna choose not to open up tonight. Well, look, we understand the, the money is in the treatment, not the cure. So we'll just leave it as that.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free, overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee-free, overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank. North America members FDIC spot me Eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This Is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Ashley Inet from the Ben and Ashley. I almost famous Miss podcast. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever and for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Oh Joe. According to a recent athletic article, DeShaun Watson was ne or was a negative presence and couldn't be held accountable. These are the most damning excerpts. Coach Stefanski, I think it's a two time. NFL Coach of the Year showed Watson clips from the offense during this, their meeting in March of 22, demonstrating how Watson could thrive in a wide zone play action scheme crafted by Gary Kubiak and Mike Shanahan. But after he arrived in Cleveland, Watson never embraced Stefanski a system he wanted to be in. Shotgun and s Stefanski wanted him under center a play action, a more effective component. According to multiple players. Those mistakes weren't pointed out in film session.


Frustrating. At least a few veterans who believes Stefanski wouldn't criticize Watson in front of the team. When Jamis Winston placed Watson after he tore his Achilles players says Stefanski returned to pointing out the quarterback's mistake in film session. Players told me there were was a constant heaviness surrounding Watson in the locker room and they felt different energy in the building departure after his Achilles injury in October, a couple of veterans told me it felt like a cloud had been lifted for three years. The Browns consorted himself to Max Watson's strength and desires, but teammates ultimately grew tired of the organization catering to his ineffective quarterback and never really fit in Cleveland. He received at least, at least one death threat.


Can I ask you a question? Yes. All this time. Why all this coming out? Now? Just curious. But here's the thing. Ocho, you asked a question. Remember you asked this question? Yeah. You say unc, why everybody else look effective in the offense other than Deshaun? Right? Look at the offense they ran with the other guys and look at the offense they ran with Deshaun. You should ask, you should have had your answer. As I'm reading this, you should have had the answer to the questions that you were asking. Other guys were receptive of the type of offense that was gonna be run. One guy wanted to run a specific type of an offense that he was so comfortable with in, in, in, in, in Houston.


Right Now, for me, I'm a firm believer, Ocho, if you get a guy in free agency, you probably should do what he did where he was in order to build, to get the max out of him. And he Exactly. But the problem is, is that that's not what I teach. I can't teach you a subject that I don't know. Oh, we talking, If I'm a history teacher, Ocho, I can't teach you math. Let, let, let, let me let me interject real quick. Go ahead. If you see DeShaun Watson have success in Houston and understand he was able to do more with less and he had a success where at that time when he was in Houston, he was considered the top five quarterback.


So what he was able to do in said offense. So if you're bringing him in and you're paying him what? You're paying him guaranteed money, why not? As a coach, as an officer coordinator, make sure you scheme and plan around whatever his strengths are and what he did offensively in Houston to make sure you get the same exact effect and result and product when he is in Cleveland. Not say, you know what, no, I have my own offense that I wanna run. I have something that I wanna that, that we're gonna run, that I created my scheme, my plays, and we want you to fit, to fit into that mold.


If that's not what he does, that's playing to his weakness, not his strengths. Strengths. Can I ask you a question? Could Deshaun teach him that when Peyton went to Denver, he taught him that offense. He taught him what he knew. When Brady went to, when Brady went to Tampa, he taught him what he So could Deshaun teach it? Mm. Now Mike, when RG three, that's really not the system that Mike wanted to run, but Mike went down to rg, went down to Baylor, he talked to a brows, he studied a lot of tape and he implemented a system that was gonna be conducive to what RG three was good at.


But even though, even though that was the system that RG three five, then he wanted to be Peyton, he wanted to be Brady, he wanted to be Drew Rees. Now RG three is gonna disagree and say that's not the case, but I've got confirmation. Yeah, that was the case. So the question is, Ocho, can you teach someone the system that you do, could you teach it? Right? Oh, That's what Brady did. Yeah. That's what Manning did. Kevin Stefanski knows what he knows. He knows this system works. Right? It works it. There's no que there. It didn't work with Deshaun though.


Yeah. Worked with Deshaun, But he didn't, he never tried to embrace it. At least give it a try. Hell. Oh, so what, what did your preference, Hey, I don't like this. You ain't even tried it. Right? What? Eat that food and see if you like it first before you turn your nose up at it. Hey. Especially vegetables. Especially vegetables. It's, it's, look, it's not working. Yeah. And it's too late to turn back now. Yes, sir. So even if you put 'em in a system, I just believe there's too much damage that has been done to his body. Second Achilles. Yeah. He's gonna miss 26. He's gonna miss 25. Yeah. If you think about ocho, he's played what, in the last three, four years. The man might've played the entire season. That's if you, that's if you put the games together.


Together. Right. He might've played. So what was that in 21? He didn't play 22, he missed a part of the game. 23, he missed the guard chunk and he damn near missed all 24. So remember in 21 he didn't play at all Ocho he was on, he, I mean he was healthy but he didn't play. Yeah, he didn't, yeah. You can't get nothing out about not playing. I don't care. Well, what? That he preserved his body. But no, your body needs to go through that. Your body needs to drop back. Your body needs to feel these guys and you gotta duck and dodge and you gotta keep your eyes down. Feel right. It's just, I, I just think the best thing for Deshaun and, and and, and, and, and I hate to say this, I think it's just time for them to park waves.


Ojo. You think so? It is. He he's never, he he's, as much as I wanted to see it, he's never gonna be what he was in Houston. Can, can I, can I ask you something? Yes. How old is DeShaun Watson now? 30. I Don't even, don't even, I don't even think he's 30 yet. Huh? 29. 29. Yes. 29. 29-year-old quarterback. You can't sit him out there to the pastures already, huh? No, I'm saying no, I'm saying Cleveland cut ways. I'm not saying he should be done with the league. Oh, okay. I I was gonna say it. No, No, no, no, no. He should be the Cleveland should be done. But Ocho but that's an awful, that's an awful lot coming back off those two, two Achilles ocho.


Right? Not one two. Yeah. And he hadn't played a whole lot. Think about it, Ocho, he's gonna play less than what? 15 games in a five year span. He missed basically all the 24. He's gonna miss all of 25. He missed all the damn near 23. Half of 22. Right. He didn't play all at 20 in in 21. So he coming up to 26 Ocho. Think about if somebody asks you Ocho Yeah, we gonna let you play five games this year, five games next year, but the previous year you gonna miss the entire season and the year after that you gonna play two games and then you're gonna miss the entire season and you gonna come back off the injury. You are not gonna be the same ocho.


Yeah. Your body functions. You need to be, you need to be able to do that thing. You gotta be able to see it. I got, If You are not doing that ocho, you lose that Damn. And I mean, that's crazy when you think about it. Think about the quarterback, the quarterback position like that. That too, It's all repetition because you a, it's situations that you've been in. You start to lose those spidey senses. They don't tingle the same. Same. Yeah. That's why it's hard for a guy to go to the bench and come back in, don't you? Because you used to dodging that. You get used to seeing that and now all of a sudden they take that away from you.


It takes you a while to get it back. Yeah. Now think about you going away for five, four and a half years and played 13, 14 games in that span. That's, that's Coming off of two achi now. That's the most serious injury. Hold it. And the funny thing about it, not the not two, not only the two kines injury, it's the same. It's the same, Same aachi, same achi like that. But, and here's the thing, Ojo, what made him dynamic? It was his athleticism. Athleticism, being able to, How much is, how much athleticism you think he's gonna have? Because he didn't look the same OCHO when he came, when he got in, and he didn't have no injuries to his lower extremities. Right. And that, that's sad man.


Just in general, It's hard to get that back Ocho because you stay in a boot and you know, it's just like anything that muscle starts to atrophy that calf muscle starts to atrophy. Right? Right. And other parts of the body start to compensate. Compensate. Ugh. I just, I, I just feel, I just feel bad. Miles. Garrett says the Browns are closer than people think to contended. I've talked to Jim, Andrew Barry about what's going to make the most of the talent that's here. We're closer than some people think we are. No you're not. No you're not. Wow. Not without a quarterback. Did he really quote that? Did he really? That's what he said. That's what I mean. We, we we got it in parenthesis.


So that's what he said. I doesn't believe that. Man, listen. See here, Quotation. Excuse me. We just, we just talked about players being pc, being PC and not truthfully saying how they really feel. You know, you understand the landscape of the NFL. You look at all the teams that are in the playoffs right now. I mean, obviously it's about offense, it's about defense. But all the teams in the playoffs have what, what's the one common denominator? Every team in the quarterback. Quarterback. A Quarterback. You know, I think, no, don't fool, don't fool yourself. I think miles, You had a, you had a merry-go-round. A merry-go-round and carousel quarterbacks all season long. You're not going to be able to compete, let alone in the a FC North until you get a consistent quarterback, a good one at that.


I think Miles is in line for a contract attention. A big one. Hey. Oh, if he's in line for a contract extension, he don't want to get it in Cleveland. That's not where you want to get it. Hey, hey. Look, I, I get it. I get what he's saying. You know, they drafted him number one, overall, they paid him. They've been good by him, but I don't think they're close. He thinks they're, I don't think they are. I what? So hold on. What, what, what, what pick are they in the draft? Who could they possibly get? And if you go, if you go to Cleveland, when you see the success that Bakker Mayfield is having in Tampa, they, Cleveland two Oh Cleveland can go to, they, they pick number two ocho.


Okay. They, they, they pick number two. Who they, where they going? Quarterback. Where they going either Cam, what? Your door, I mean, look, you know Sure. Man, you think Prime come on now. No, Don't think won. I think Pride wants your door to go there. I do not Prime, Prime will intervene like Archie Manning did. Huh? Don't, Oh, the Marks haven't taken Cam Ward. Okay, well hold on. If, if they got taken, cam Ward, who picked First? Titans. Okay. I, okay. So Shado basically to the Titans because I'm, I'm, I'm, that's where the marks at it, they're, they're very upset with, with Will Levi.


And they, they don't like how that Oh Yeah, for sure. Yes, yes, yes. Absolutely. Okay. I I could, I could see that. I could see that. Okay. Okay. So who picks third in New England, right? Giants. Giants. The Giants, yeah. Oh my goodness. So that means They might go, they might go take a quarterback in free agency and then take and then take Travis Hunter at three. Yeah, I was just gonna say that. Ooh, Travis Hunter. A Travis hunter and that, Ooh, that's gonna be nice. Can you imagine? I mean, Travis Hunter, I I would, I would hope I What position would he get drafted at a DB or receiver Db?


A Because it's, it's, it's easier to create packages for an offensive player than a package for defensive player. Right? Hey, can, can you imagine, can you imagine being in a big apple and how big being in that market can, can be for him? Yeah. Woo. That's gonna be na that's gonna be nasty work. That's nice. Ocho. Woo. Okay. Russell Wilson and Arthur Smith reportedly had trouble working with one another with unsubstantiated rumors that Smith Preferred Fields reports surfaced during the year that offensive coordinator Arthur Smith, preferred Fields over Wilson, but was never, but that was never substantiate.


Still despite Wilson and Smith spending countless hours together after typical Workday watching film and publicly joking about it, a teen source recently said that Wilson and Smith did not have a very good working relationship, but fought through their differences as best they could. Reports also surface that George Pickens showed up late to their Christmas game, Christmas day game, arriving at the stadium, some 25, 35 minutes late. I think he arrived. He was supposed to be there two hours before the game. And he arrived about the hour and 25 minutes before the game. Pickens showed up late to practice in games.


Countless time now in his young career, it is believed the Steelers will move on from George Pickens this off season with moving on from Wilson and Pickens, this off season be the best move for the Steelers, I think. I think for, for pick, I think a change of scenery would be good. Not only a change of scenery, but being able to sit down and talk to somebody, being able to sit down and talk to That's Your job To talk. I yeah. I I got you. I got you. Huh. Being able to sit down and talk to a veteran player and getting them to understand that the years, these years do go by fast. You know, these opportunities do go by fast right now, while you're not even close to your prime yet. You, you, you gotta, you gotta get right. You gotta get right on, on the right track.


'cause they will tolerate you like you always say. They will tolerate you until they can replace you. Unc and, and Pickett needs to un understand that as great as you are, as good as you are, as much potential as you possess, we gotta get that on the right track. We gotta tr we gotta channel that energy. We gotta channel that NBA in the, in the NFL young boy energy in the right direction. We gotta channel in the right direction. We gotta put the energy into the game, into our craft, into wanting to be the best and being able to live up to your full potential. And I think a change of scenery would be good for Pickens, especially getting 'em in the, in the, in the right place after having someone like myself and some other veteran NFL receivers to talk to him and to get 'em to understand what he just go by fast and they, they don't, they do, they won't tolerate you for so long, you know.


Oh, Joe, as, As far as the go ahead. I was gonna say your best friend and everybody knows what I think of to Yeah, that's my Doubt. 'cause you ain't got to ability look at to, to was catching for 1,315 touchdowns and they moved on. Yeah. Let that sink in. Now the guy that they replaced Jerry Rice with San Francisco said, nah, we done Philly. Look at what Teo look at. Go back and look at Teo. Teo had like 15 touchdowns and he missed three games with that broken ankle. Yeah. Then he was halfway through the season, he had another 700 yards. He was gonna place the half, 1450 on the yard.


Phil says, nah, no, we done Dallas. He goes to Buffalo and he's having a better season than everybody there. I don't know if Moles was still there. I think Pli Price was still there, but Pli might have been grown. Jill had almost a thousand yards there. Hell, she, hell he came to Cincinnati and cut a fool out there with me. He El had a thousand yard to he towards New York. And with that kind of ability, Teo should have been able to ge get at least at bare minimum two more years. Teo was supposed to be able to steal two years just because he Teo and the numbers that he put up prior to that. Yeah. Real deal. All the other receiver, all the other receivers were able to steal a couple years.


Yeah. Why couldn't he? And that's what Georges doesn't understand, bro. And the word will get out. Look at Deontay Johnson just bouncing around, don't you? He's going from the Steelers to Carolina to pit to from Steelers to Carolina to Baltimore to Houston. Yeah, Houston back to Baltimore. See, Yeah, IIII got it. Know, I'm I'm I'm gonna to get into Yeah, I'm gonna get ma Matter of fact, not just Pickens too, Jermaine Jma Jermaine Burton. Yeah. So you definitely be getting him because that's your, that's your, that's, that's, that's, that's your neck of the woods. Listen, I Got, I got, I got reeling boys in, man. I got, I gotta reel them in because listen, I had, I had, I, I had the fun, I had the fun while I was playing.


Right. But my drive and my motivation and my energy was so locked in, into my craft into what I'm doing was nothing else mattered outside, nothing else. So I was able to, I was able to get away with having the fun and doing all the celebrate, celebrating because I put in the work behind the scenes. I put in the work. I didn't just, But nobody said Ocho ocho, you gotta play. Come on Ocho man. You gotta run that route. Come on Ocho. Ain't nobody say that. Nah, nah, not yet. Now maybe you at maybe the antics about celebrating, but hell, you done got the ball in the end zone. So celebrate. They didn't say come on O ocho. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You gotta block that guy. Come on O ocho you gotta jump on that fumble, bro. You just got, come on bro.


You gotta gimme some effort. They didn't say that. Yeah. Even to nobody could complain about to o's effort on the field. Absolutely not. You can't. Oh no. I mean, go back and check the tape that he's running. He's throwing a block for Garrison Hurst on that 96 yard touchdown road Down. I remember that. Block it all the way down the field. You never questioned TE's effort. Now maybe his attitude, maybe people had a problem with his coaching staff and organizations had a problem with his attitude. That's what I'm talking about. Even with TE's effort, it couldn't trump the attitude that teams got tired of. And that's what I'm Pickens make this bro, you got a chance to make $200 million before you done He one of them. Well, Where he ocho you can, I want you to ask answer Ocho answer me this them, Where Does Pickens think he can go and make $200 million in the real world?


He playing on being a Pablo Escobar, El Chapo. Hey, I got him. I'm a really man, I'm, I'm a real, I'm a really, I'm, I'm, I'm a really man. Watch, watch him next year though. And Joe, Watch him now. Anyway, now, now back, back also back to the author, Back to the Steelers and Russ. Yeah. Listen, most of the time, most of the time quarterbacks, coordinators and head coaches, most of the time they get along. Even if they don't, they do. Even if some, most of the time they get along. Even if you don't, you have one goal in mind. Correct. When you have one goal in mind, sometimes, you know what, everybody ain't gonna, everybody ain't, ain't gonna be your friend.


Everybody ain't gonna get along, man. That's not the way it works now. Yeah. Even though it would make for a better relationship. You were there for one common goal. Right. We wanna win games and compete and do our best to get our ass to goddamn New Orleans. Correct. That's it. It definitely works better. It definitely helps if y'all do get along though it Yeah, It, it definitely helps. It definitely helps. But I'm trying to understand you. Russell Wilson came in and had success when he took over for Justin Fields. We didn't hear any gripes. We didn't hear any issues. So even if they didn't get along, whatever it may be, it was working just fine. Now towards the end, they lost the last five, they lost the last five games they made the playoffs went home in the first round.


Now all of a sudden, because maybe you saying because you lost the, you know, the last five, oh, maybe the relationship had a strength. No, because it was doing just fine as far from a productive standpoint. We were winning games. What happens? What, what? What'd you say? What's the best deodorant for a phone killer in the locker room? Winning. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Hey, winning cures all. Huh? Wait. Winning cures all Until you start To lose. Yeah, it mag when you losing it magnifies everything. It magnifies everything. So are they gonna move on from Russell Wilson now do you think a change of scene is good for him at this point? And do you, do they come back and do you pay Justin Fields? Because it was only one year deal. So he back, well he's He's still on his rookie deal.


He still, huh? Huh? He was still on his rookie deal. So this is his fifth year option coming up right now. Ooh, okay. So they they they got in, they got in for the low. They do, they got in for the low coming up this year. Well, maybe, depending on what happens. Ain't no telling what they ain't, ain't no telling what they gonna do. You don't know how Mike Thomas thinking you, you know, you hear rumors about him leaving and, and being traded. You know, it's just, it's, it's so much Titus get off from under there. Titus Titus Chill. Man, boy choke you out. You should put He on one tonight. Him and Teddy. Teddy. You bothered him.


I know. Yeah. It's, it's, it's tough. O it is tough ocho when you lose because people start looking at, okay, this is why we lost instead of saying, you know what, we just weren't good enough. Right. I don't give a damn If Arthur Smith and Russell Wilson was best friend, they're going out to lunch every night and they take a turns eating dinner at each other's house. They weren't beating the Baltimore Ravens. Oh Yeah. None, none of none of that mattered. None of that mattered. They need more playmakers on the officer side of the football. They don't have nearly enough. And if you look at it, their defense down the stretch wasn't as vaunted as it was in the beginning. No, it wasn't. It wasn't. And most of the time their identity had always been their defense.


Yes. But they were a no show against. Right. King Henry. They, they were a no show. I, I was able to watch some of the films today, you know, some of the all 22, you know, when I was at them, holes Were so big he was running through. Man, listen, and I'm looking at the, I'm looking at the backers. I'm like, come on now. The play fake wasn't that good for you to, oh, So you, oh you, you know what I'm Hey, they was folding. Huh? They was folding the play. Fake. Wasn't that good for you to move that far out the goddamn hole when you know it'll just be you and 22. Come on now. Oh, that. Well, no. Well, Lamar was faking the ball. They was like, oh, Lamar got it. They gone and they on that one, that 10 that Henry had.


Yeah. I said, come on bro. Hey, come on back. Could move right out. Move right out the A gap like now, you know, good. Wear that play fake. Wasn't that goddamn good for you to be way OK up? I I'm, I'm not gonna say nothing but you, you know what I'm talking about. I ain't really trying to be in the egg gap when Henry have this ball that I, that, that, that ain't trying to happen.


This is it. Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your Bill, ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I got it. Seriously. I insist, I insisted first at first. Don't be silly. Oh, don't be Silly. You don't Be silly. Don't Be silly people with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay. Rock paper scissors for it. Paper. Paper scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. What have I told you? That Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true. Long lasting weight loss results all for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. $3 a day and a three minute survey. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, famous has you covered. Head to Fame smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot hum door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Yuto Monte Cristo Cohiba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's famous smoke.com code Nightcap underage sale prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers


ocho the do sandins approve of his father. Dion becoming the next head coach of the Dallas Cowboys. I think it would be cool. Jerry Jones is reportedly conducting team head coach. Search solo. Cowboy is expected to interview Roberts if reports ought to be true. Yeah, he interview Leslie Frazier or he called Leslie Frazier at some point during the day. Well, I think Leslie Frazier would be better as the defensive coordinator as opposed to a head coach. What do you think? Man? Look here. I honestly don't believe Jerry Jones is hiring a black guy as the head coach. No, that's just me. You Know, now he checking the boxes, huh? Yeah, he the Rudy rule the rule. Remember he brought Marvin in last year. Yeah. Two year couple. Well, well before you hired McCarthy. Yeah. Can I, can I say something real quick?


Yes. And Ryan spoke on that today in depth about the Rooney Rule and how these coaches, how these owners know they don't want to hire, hire minority coaches, but what they do like Robert Kraft did with Pep Hamilton and Byron Leftwich. Yeah. Not even in football, but you know what we gonna do? We gonna bring them in anyway and check the boxes. That's why, that's why Aaron Glenn was like, Hey, you ain't Finna play. No, I ain't good. I I don't need a pre-trip. You Not, you're not finna play me like that. I know you not hiring me. What you're doing is you meeting the goddamn quota. You gonna bring me in, interview me and you already know you gonna hire somebody else you knew to hire was brave in the first place. Correct. But anyway, that, that's a whole nother story. I ain't finna open up that can of worms either.


Right Now it is reported that Jerry Jones pitched to Mike McCarthy about having Jason Whitten on his staff. So Whitten could be coaching, waiting again. See what I said? Ocho you hiring somebody and then you telling him how to fill out his staff. Right. Normally coaches, okay, I got my guys, I've hired a staff. I like this guy's d coordinator. I've worked well with him. Right. Running back coach, blah blah, blah. I don't need you telling, and it's been reported. Now, I don't know if this is true. Jane Slater, she knows all things Cowboys, right? She's reporting that Jerry wanted Mike McCarthy to slash his staff. Huh? Cut the coach.


Cut some of the coaches. I mean, what do he, what do he cut some of the coaches to save money or I mean, yes. Cut 'em. Yes, Because remember Jerry likes for his coaches to coach on incentives. He play, he pays far below market value. Right now, the market value for a head coach now is about $10 million a year. O cho, that's kind of the going rate. He tried to pay y'all part. He tried to pay five. Hold on. Wait, bring that back to me again. Now the going rate for the head coach 10 million or you mean the coaches collectively? No, no, the the, the going rate for head coach is about 10 million.


Okay. He tried to pay five. You can't, you can't do that. Jerry says, Hey Jerry, say cowboys. You can, You can't get outta his own way. You can't, he can't help it. You can't get outta, like I said, look, when I, when I, when when somebody report, when Jane Slater's reporting, I take it to, I take it to heart about the Cowboys. When Mary Kay Cabot, when she's talking about Cleveland now whatever she said about the Cleveland Browns to You. Yeah. Cash it in. Cash it in, cash it in. Damn man, Jerry's on this solo mission.


Jared, look, like I said, you see what Jerry likes to do, Ocho he likes to put you in a situation where, you know, he know you's gonna say no, he going to accept that. Right. Oh, you want me to have this guy coaching waiting? He'd probably tell going back, telling you everything that I'm doing. So that basically that's Jerry eyes. 'cause when Jerry's not there, which is all the time now I got eyes and ears there to tell me everything that's going on. Right. No, he knew Mike McCarthy was gonna say no to that. Yeah. He know what he doing. It's all a game man.


OCHO fans have been commenting, commenting under Devonte Adams Instagram begging him to come back to Green Bay. Back to Green Bay. Could you see a scenario where Devonte goes back to Green Bay? Probably not. Probably not. Well, maybe, maybe because I think Christian Watson's gonna miss, maybe miss most of 20, 20, 25 being that he got injured late in the season. So I think having Devonte Adams come back as a veteran presence with Dobbs and Wicks and Reed and, and and those young fellas, I think that would, that would be dope. That that would be nice. It it, I Mean, you know what Devonte gonna want, Devonte gonna want 25, $30 million. You paying that for a veteran present?


I, I, listen, IIII think, I think the, the go somewhere where, you know, the quarterback situation is intact Yes. Intact a good quarterback situation. I think they can work something out. It might not be 30, 35 million in, in, you know, And that's the case. That's what it all depends on what Doc Devonte's willing to pay for. Right. Play. Excuse me. Play For play for play for. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you know, they got, they look Christian Watson's down, but they got Dobbs and they got, they got a read, they got a lot of receivers. Wix. Yeah. They got some boys Now they got a lot of receivers on Joe. They, They got some boys now. They don't have a Diante Adams now. No. Yeah. They, they, they, they don't have that now even at 30 or whatever, whatever di Diante Adams age is.


But I'm just saying that good veteran presence that, you know, that can be co consistently getting open, you know, consistently would be a nice addition to that offense, especially for joy. Love as a target and a security blanket. I like that. I mean, I think, I think I personally think Devonte is gonna have his, his choice of locations. You gotta be careful. Question is, you gotta be careful. You gotta, you gotta be careful. Gotta at this, at this point of your career, there are only so many teams you can go to that have an and win quarterback and win and win and you can get the ball. You've already got your money.


You, you've got enough of it at this point. So what is the end goal at this point in your career? You know, championship content for one or get the money. Yeah. It, it's all on him. That's, that's the personal decision. Now. You want to be compensated well for your skill level, for your plate, you know, you don't wanna be playing for peanuts. Right. But you know that, that's, that's, that's when you had to sit down and, and, and, and think to yourself think very hard. Yeah. There are only too many quarterbacks in the NFL. Right. There are only so many spots for somebody of, or a player of his magnitude. That's something you, he got two young kids. You got a wife, you're gonna ask. Okay.


Maybe you okay with moving, you know, we in Green Bay, weather was bad. We was in Vegas, weather was good. Went to New York. Okay. 'cause now you got kids OCHO and you know, the kids wanna go outside. They don't wanna be inside all the time. Yeah. You know, you go to a certain, you go Green Bay after November, they ain't going back outside. You catch the school bus or, or you drop him off at school. That's the only time what they gonna do at, what they gonna do at Green Bay. Right. Same thing in New York. So at, at least in Vegas, Hey, we outside. Yeah. And so I think that's the thing. When you, you factor in. He's very committed. Having, when I, having sat down and talked to him, I can see how he lights up when he talks about his family.


He talks about his wife and he talks about his young kids. And I love seeing that. And so I know that's gonna be, that's very, very important to him. And I think they're gonna have a, that's gonna have a large, a large part to do with the decision where he's going to play next. I agree with you. If I can get, you know, 20 million and go to somewhere that I know I can win is better than taking 25 considering the money that I made now. Hey, I ain't telling nobody. Look, that's you. Whatever's important to you. But I will say this, when it comes down to Hall of Fame, they start looking guys that got rings and have comparable numbers, they're gonna get the nod over a guy that don't have rings with comparable numbers.


Right. Mm. I wish him, I wish you, I wish him the best. Wherever he decides to go, I'm gonna be a fan and I'm gonna have a jersey. That's all I know. Ocho, check this out. Groom surprised his bride with tickets to the bills game during a wedding vow. Do you like this Ocho? Yeah. Yeah. Boy. Yeah. It's, it is all about knowing, it is all about knowing your partner. For one. Sometimes I may have to hold on to a secret bonus gift to give you during our ceremony, we're going to see the bills. No. Oh my God.


Seriously, Her reaction. You see, man, you see that reaction? That's what it's all about. When, when you have a partner, when you have a partner, that's her love language obviously loves football now. She loves no, she loves to build loves she Loves, she loves the Buffalo Bill. Yeah. Do you know how much a ticket to that, to that Bill's Ravens game is She gotta really love them. Do you know how cold it's gonna be at that game? Man, man, listen. And they, they might be from Buffalo. They might be Buffalo, you know, so listen that, that's what it's all about. What Game town jump on Sunday. And they play at night too, huh?


Yeah. I know. It's cold. Yeah, it's gonna be cold. It was cold last week and it was during the day. It was one o'clock. So I can imagine what it's gonna be at eight o'clock. Yeah. Eight 30. I think that's game coming eight 30. Long long as it's no snow because there is no snow in the forecast. So they're gonna be all right. 16, 16 degrees. Yeah. Well, that's good. Probably windy. Any wind. That's good weather there. Yeah. Ooh. Can continue. You get Jigy at 16. I showed up, I show, I show, I show. Yeah. I said show don't miss playing that cold as weather. I like it, boy. I like it because I, I I show hate September, September and October football season unc at halftime.


What you think? I had to get every halftime? Would I be Iv? I cramp in my calves. Yeah. I Couldn't. Well, I, you know why I cramped a lot. Ocho you know why you cramped? Because you don't like drinking when it's cold. No. Yeah. Yeah. But this is the thing, UNC, I didn't cramp when it was cold. That's why I couldn't wait for the cold. I couldn't wait for November, the end of November, December. I couldn't wait. I cramped more in the cold than I did in the summer because when it's hot, you drink. When it's cold, you don't drink a lot of water. Okay. See my problem, my problem is I'm so locked in on the game. I don't even be drinking no goddamn water or Gatorade.


Man. I'm man, I'm man. No, I don't man. No. Move that out my way. Yep. I know. I dang, that's, that's, that's what happened to me. Yeah. And it is like, and and greet was like, Sharpie, are you drinking? I'm like, nah, Nah. Yep. I don't, I ain't try to drink when I'm cold. I'm trying to get over the them heated seats. That's what I'm trying to do. And they told you about the, they told you about the pickle juice. You, they ever told you take drink the pickle Juice? Yeah, I heard about it. I don't, I don't like pickles. I definitely don't like no juice. You think it worked with cramps? What you think I ain't, I ain't never tried it or Pedialyte. Pedialyte was so that damn nasty. Yeah, I, yeah, I, I heard a lot of, a lot of, I mean we usually have Pia a like, but Right. Gatorade.


I say you gimme all this Gatorade you done gave me two bottle, three bottles of Gatorade. I water log now I'm done. I ain't got no more crap book. My step, my stomach sloshing them. You feel What the hell I gonna do out there Now You Drink all that. You drink all that Gatorade to water. You feel sluggish. I thank you. I Feel sluggish. I wanna along now I'm about to. Excuse me, I'm about to try to run. Come on Now. Yeah. And that's, that's weird. I'm good bro. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Remember Wemby epic jersey swap with a young fan early this season? Well, that Jersey went on sale online. NBA central said, this is crazy.


Jersey is already up for auction. Wemby tweeted the crying emoji. Hold on. Was the jersey signed or he just gave it to him without the He Signed it. I think he signed, he signed it, didn't he? Hey, you know what, when, when I, when I think about this, the first thing I think about is little kid. This is probably probably his parents' idea. And all I can think about is the economy that we're in right now. Being bad as it is. I understand. I I I kind of, I kind of understand is the opportunity for us to get a chunk of change. Look at them. Oh.


Oh, he tried to bite him? No, he tried. Yeah, he did Fight. Fight. Oh, they both, they super jealous. Now wasn't no want the other to get more passed than the other. He Snapped at him now. Funny Why y'all go upstairs now all of a sudden everybody wanna be in here. Y'all was never in here. Hey, that is funny. Yeah. I just, I I just couldn't ocho somebody gave me a jerk. Like I said, I mean, I don't know.


Yeah, I mean the kid had to be court side. So you the kid's court side. How, how, how, how, how tough is the economy? Ocho are you buying courtside ticket? But That, that's the whole thing. Unc, I don't think parents, parents, I could afford to sit, sit, sit. Court side. That's why I think it was more, it was probably a kid that was in the stands. I think it was a kid was in the stands, you know, that enjoyed the game of basketball that got the jersey and when he, when he exchanged jerseys with the little kid, the parents right away Understood. You know what? We can get some money for this. Well, if you, Hey, well, so why you at the game if the economy is so tough, why are you at the game anyway then? Ain't no telling how they got tickets. Huh? Hey, See that? See? Okay.


Well if you ain't no telling how you got tickets, ain't no telling how you can find a way to solve that issue about this economy. Right? Because you found a way, right? Yeah. Yes sir. Okay. The Volume.


Whether You're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats the official on-demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places to take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at david's bridal.com.