
Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project 2025 Agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you'll pay the heavy price to find out. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president, and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


Hey There. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America s number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app, use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dkg.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Texans beat. the Colts 23 to 20. Anthony Richardson was two of 15 in the first half on in Sunday's loss to the Texans. That was the worst half, first half completion percentage by a player with at least 15 attempts since Steve Burline went to a 17. And the Cowboys in the first half a game, excuse me, against the Eagles. Yeah. 11 years before Richardson was born. Born. Who The fans are slamming Anthony Richardson for taking himself outta the game in the third quarter. ocho I thought you were hurt. Anthony Richardson talked about it after the game. Tired ain't gonna lie. That was a lot of running right there. I that I did.


So I just told Shane I needed a break right here. He Just took my, it was just one play, huh? Ocho You can't, you can't ocho everything. You don't have to verbalize everything. Right, Right, right, right, right. Guys need to understand that, bro. You think you being stand up, bro. You the face of the franchise, you can't come out, you too tired to turn around and hand the ball off. And you know what? I you know what? I thought he came out and he probably, he didn't say nothing. I thought it was that that left ankle. Oh, okay. Say that. Yeah. I, you can't say I'm tired O Joe. I Wanted, I I don't think you wanted to say he was hurt. I think it was that left ankle when you got tackle.


So you so you think saying I was tired was better than saying I was hurt? You know, you know how that go. Once, once you got, once you got an injury, you know what they wanna do? They want to take a helmet. They won't let, they don't wanna let you back in the game. Ocho Ocho the man said I was tired. Yeah, yeah. We seen Lamar, we seen quarterbacks run 30, 40, 50 yards and come back in and had you mean to tell me this man, this man is 21, 22 years of age and you too tired to turn around and hand the ball off. Oh, Joe, that's not a good look, man. That's a horrible look.


Yeah, it wasn't a good answer. It wasn't a good answer. And I'm sure he he'll learn from it though. He'll learn from it. You have to be careful what you say. And obviously he's not as media savvy as other quarterbacks would be, especially in that scenario, in a situation like that. But I still think it was that ankle. I really think it was that ankle. That's why he came out. He'll learn from it though. Lord have mercy. Sometimes guys just don't even say nothing. Just don't say nothing man.


The Broncos, the who beat the brakes off the panther. What We do. Come on that don't even count. They playing the Panthers, man that don't count. Don't like you. We beat y'all too. You Don't get no, you don't get no points for that. You don't get no points for that game at all. Bo Knix had 220 passing yards in the first half of Sunday's, win more than he's had. All but one game this season, DB JC Horne called out Sean Peyton post game trying to run up the score. No, no, no, no. You let me coach the team. My job is to coach my team. Your coach's job is to coach your team because what I do ocho, when I beat you bad, I do your favor.


I let everybody know you're not good enough. Your offense, your defense, your special teams. Because see if I make it a close game, you are gonna go into the locker room and say, guys, we're close. We're really close. That's a good football team. And we almost had 'em. No, I beat the hell at you. I let you know you're not close, you're not close in any aspect of it. So don't worry about my team. Why you be worried about my team Sean? Peyton was brutally honest. His post game about playing the Panthers. That's not a good offense we played. It's just the truth. We expected that we're going to see a lot better teams. The Broncos of three and 5, 0 5 and three at Baltimore and Kansas City the next two weeks.


It's you, you now you know what? You, you hyping up your Broncos so much doing all this hoorah and hoopla and you're so happy about beating the Panthers. Well, hell, you finna lose the next two games. Yeah. Don't worry about it. Y'all done lost y'all last two lose The next two games. But we, we played, we played really good teams that we lost to. There's a difference. The Patriots good. You talking about way at the beginning of the season, you Did y'all lose or win against the Patriots? It's simple. Yes or no? Yeah, but y'all, y'all Finn lose the next two though. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Why you wishing I'm not Bad? You, I'm just, I'm just being real. I'm just being real. Oh, now all of a sudden you wanna be real.


Yeah, I've been asking you to be real. Irv. You wanna be real now? Hey, Sharpe said, I was just brutally honest, folks gag. He said that's not a good option. You See, any other coach would've said that they'd have jumped on him. If a player had said that they would've jumped on him. But Sean Peyton says it and tell the truth about the elephant in the room. It's crickets. They not good. I mean, we know that You're not supposed to say it though, as a coach. I mean, hey, the thing is, that kind of started our robbery in Pittsburgh. I said that in the first game. We played Pittsburgh in oh three River Stadium and we shut him out my first year in Baltimore.


And I said, that might be the worst team, worst Steelers team I've seen in my life. Coach Kyle was said, he shot back and said, Hey, you tell him to worry about his own team and we'll worry about our team. Right? So that kinda started the Steeler Ravens rivalry because that's when we know we started getting into it. I started, you know, Plexico and I went back and forth. Earl Holmes, God damn Plex. Broncos are five and three. Another team. My co-host is three and five, five and three, Three and five. I I bet, I bet one thing I I I got another, I got a side be on top of the other bet that double or nothing Bet.


I bet the Bengals finished with a better record than the, than the Broncos. I tell you what I bet right now, I I Bet that I ain't betting you no more. You know what? I'm gonna bet, you know what I'm gonna bet, I'm gonna bet the look on your face when y'all don't make the playoffs. Hey. Huh? Y'all ain't making the playoffs either. Earl Little Jr that, that's Earl Earl Little from played Steelers Brown. Earl Little? Yeah, I think so. Oh, that's live. Goddamn Earl. Hey Earl, if you watch watching, boy, I love you. Boy. He was a db, wasn't he? Nah, Earl played safety boy man. Earl used to be. I'm, You do realize DB is safety, right?


Yeah. Now we no db. Listen, let, let's, let's, let's come on now. DB is DB defensive backs. Now if he Yes. Stay safety or strong safety. Earl Earl. Earl played I think free or strong one, one of 'em, which is a defensive back. No. So what position did Eric Reed play? Eric Reed? Yeah. Air is a free safety. So what, what is that classified as A free safety Db Defensive back? No, no. When I, when I say when, when we say defensive backs, okay. Cornerback. Yeah. Any, any secondary is considered a defensive back. No. Safety, free safety, strong safety cornerback, all of those are considered defensive backs. I, I, I don't like that, but I I like it.


I, I, you know, I'm gonna let you have that one. I'm gonna let you had that one. I'm gonna you, Hey Chad, y'all see him? He just wanna argue, just for a sake argue. I'm just you, you got it. I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let you have it, baby. I'm gonna let you have it. I'm let you have It. Chad, what do y'all call it? Defense. What do y'all call, what is defensive back Is safety included as a db? The fir. When someone says db, the first thing you think about is a cornerback though. I Think about, I think a corner safety. Nah, that's the only two. That's the only thing it could be, Man. When, when, when someone says db, the first thing for a football person, a football mind, like myself, I think a cornerback. That's it. Now, if we talk about safety, someone says a safety, a free safety, they don't say db. So if I say back, so if I say backer, so you what you thinking about, you think about.


So if backer, If you think, if you say backer, I'm thinking about this. I'm, I'm thinking about the mic. So what, so what is TJ Watt, what is Michael Parsons Dn DN Backer par TJ Watt is a linebacker. They play a three four. His hand is in the ground, man, he's a dn. He's a 34 backer. I understand what you're saying. I understand that the, the terminology you're talking about, but once you're Yes. Touches the ground, you are a DN even if you're in a three-four, no, no, YY you being y you being a little too technical. No, no. If you in a three, the D end and the three four is what JJ Watt played, which is a five technique.


Well, okay. All right. So A seven tech, a seven technique. Okay? You got seven and four. Seven, nine. A seven and a nine, nine. Yeah. You got, okay, you got a cowboy front, right? You got a, you got a wide nine. Well, we can call it wide nine. We can call that a cowboy kind of outside eye, right? We can go seven front, which is head up, right? You go five, which is shade. Yeah. On the t on the, on the tackle shoulder. That's what we call, that's what we, You, you trying, you, you, you, you complicate you complicating things. It, it don't have to be that complicated. L Joe, a cryptic Jordan, Addison, social media post prompt speculation. He wants to be traded. The second year receiver posted a photo of himself in a uniform on Instagram with the caption free, free for the current generation that knows that certain things will be Interpreted.


I mean, listen, when, when, when we say free anything, we already know what that means. That means you're in solitude. That means you, you, you, you, you locked up and in some type of institution of sort. And when you say free, He lucky with two DUIs. He absolutely right. He not locked up. He right, he Absolutely right. I didn't mean to lead into that, that I wasn't even trying to lead into that. You to, I know you didn't. But he needs to think about that because Minnesota stuck by him with that on his resume. See, I mean, back to, forgot about that situation. I, I don't, I don't like when players are unhappy, man. I don't like when players unhappy and they, and they, and they say stuff like that, unc, because you never understand what can happen because you go to a situation that's really not, that's really not for you.


That's really not for you. If you have, if you have an issue with getting the ball, you go talk to the officer coordinator, talk to your head coach, you know, talk to, talk to talk to your quarterback. So you want him, so you, so in other words, you want the target that You don't have to get the targets. That, but at least make me feel like I'm a part of the program. At least make me feel like I'm a part of the offense. You know? He started the season, he wasn't there to start the season, right? He just wants some production. Unc, he just wants some production. That's all. I just, I just wanna touch the ball. Ocho the guy in his second year, it's Ocho, he's only been there like three games. Damn. So he think he's supposed to have like 40 targets and 32 catches. You gotta, You gotta understand how he feel. Unc you know, I'm here.


I wasn't here at the start of the season, but I'm here now. I would like, I would like to help us continue to win. And plus, and they're doing a lot of this with no hawkinson. So what you think it's gonna look like when, when they got, when they got Jefferson and Hawkinson is There, and listen, the fact that Hawkinson isn't there, that means some of this targets should be there now. So you just, you kind of, kind of proving them, proving what he's saying, right? And the only time you say free anything, especially if you're a football player or basketball, is because your lack of targets, your lack of opportunities. And you know as hell lack of production. Man, man, kid man, they bro, bro, sit down. You not Jerry Rice. You not Randy.


Now if you was one of those guys, if you owe, if you tyreek or you chase you one of those top black guys, you are number two. That's, That's What you, he's a number two. I dunno what he could be somewhere else. I know what he's in Minnesota. Yeah. Yeah. I real, real with you. Het. You ain't had to see it like that. The man just wanna be part of offense, baby. That's all Of it. They gave him like six targets a game. That's cardio. It's cardio. He don't wanna this, he don't Wanna, how many targets you think you, how many targets you think you gonna get? How many targets you think you gonna get when you got a guy like Jetta who has more receiving yards, more catches than any in this timeframe?


Yeah. Than any other receiver in history. So how many targets you think you gonna get? I don't know, boy, that, that's tough. That's Tough. You under, but you understand the situation don't Show, especially when you have to break it. I mean, when you, when you go, I mean when you playing next to Jerry in his prime, you thought you gonna the same amount of targets as Jerry, you gonna get the same amount of targets as fit. You gonna get the same amount of targets as Sterling Sharp or Chris Carter or any number one. The number two actually thought, when did the number two think right? He was gonna get the same billing. There's a reason why they say Star and CoStar. They don't say Star Star, right? Right. They say Star CoStar Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project 2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay.


So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you'll pay the heavy price to find out I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president CD Lamb response to Troy Eggman criticism after Eggman called the Cowboys receiver, lazy and terrible CD responded to a sit down interview with former coach Jason Garrett as a leader, I take it in, we got to work, I use it as a building block. If you say our routes are lazy, I'm going to go out there every week and show you my routes.


Personally, I take that as constructive criticism as well as he should. If we can control it, let's go work at it and get better at it. I'm a hard worker, so anything you say that I'm not doing, I'm going to show you. I that's that I'm Doing. That's a very mature answer. I like that. Very, very, very mature answer. I love it. Now, is that what he really, what he's really thinking? Probably not, but what he said publicly is the perfect answer to the criticism that a legend from your organization who has won multiple Super Bowls, great response. Three Great response. And the thing is, is that you have to understand Troy's a quarterback.


Troy used to get on Mike as what he's saying is that like, bro, if I don't consistently know where you are, that's why people looking at us like we crazy. You and I have had the conversation as long as CD and Dak been playing together. No, they shouldn't have these misfires. Like they have ocho, they have, they have misfires like guys that ain't never played together. You know what? I think that's due to now also every year. Yeah. Yeah. Missing training every year camp. Yeah. Those repetitions that you need in training camp, mini camp OTAs, all that helps. All that helps in build building that chemistry because it resets itself after every year.


It, it ain't, oh, I, I'm not, I'm not gonna go to training or I'm not at training camp. I'm not at OTAs or I'm not at mini camp. But then coming season you think everything is just gonna be right back like that. They don't like that. No, but that's your opportunity to work on stuff though, Ocho it's just like, you don't like, man, you know what? I had my best year and I don't work anymore. Right? You work harder to have a better year. So you get back to try to even build even a better rapport each year. Each year you want to expand, Hey, hey, we good at this. Let's see if we can get a little better at that. Okay, we got good at this and that. Right? Let's see if we can get good at something else. That's how you build, that's how you get better. And so now everything back, shoulder, fade in, cut out, you know?


Right. Speed out. All that stuff. But you know, it, it's, it, it's like I said, IIII don't watch film. I used to watch film when I first started at, at at Fox. Yeah. I used to watch tape 'cause I wanted to see, I was like, but I just, I I had to stop because in my head I'm too critical Ocho because I'm like, bro, what, what the hell is this? That lazy ass route, bro? You can't, bro, you routed the route off. That's why the DB came through, knocked it down and then you, you put the blink on, he knew you was breaking out. That's why he jetted it.


So I'm glad, I'm glad. cd, I hope CD takes takes it like, okay, you played the quarterback, you know what's expected of us in Dallas? Yeah. Criticism comes along with the job. Especially a guy that played like he played, like he said, Troy's looking at it from a quarterback. He looking at it from Dak. Everybody's saying Dak bad, but damn these guys running be lazy ass Rod. He don't know where they gonna be because the rock a, that ball already gone back foot hit that quarterback foot hit Ocho, whether there's three or five. Yeah. And I can't be, I can't be jack back that jacking the ball off. People Coming worrying about you Keep coming.


Knock his head off. Yes. Eric Dickinson set the NFL rushing record 2105 in 1984. That's after he came off his rookie season. He ran for 1808. Over the last or past 40 seasons, no one has been able to top that mark, but something could change heading into week eight. Derrick Henry's on pace to break the record and although plenty of players have gotten off the heart starts the first half of the season before fading. Lamar. Thanks Henry Might be able to break the record. He says Henry has a good chance to top Ed's number. It's there. I feel like he has a great chance of achieving it. I think he can do it.


I believe he can do it through seven weeks. Henry is rushed for 873 yards. He's on pace to run for 2120, which will be 15 yards more than Ed's record. So Henry doesn't have a huge margin for error going forward. A possibility, Joe, what you think Of him doing it is really, really good. It's really, really good. Very good. Oh, there, there's nothing the, the Ravens almost seem like a cheat code when you watch him play against everybody. They play, Lamar is running the ball, he's throwing the ball. D community's running the ball. He's catching balls out the goddamn backfield. That's what, that's not even part of his repertoire.


That's a big, that's a big word for him, but I can't spell it. Yeah, but I mean they look really, really good ly. Like it's damn near scary. So if I were to say the two best teams in the NFL offensively, I'm going Detroit and I'm going goddamn Ravens and the Ravens, they getting it done on the ground before they even put the ball in the air. And this is the passing, this is the past Happy league now. Definitely. But my question is, at what expense does Jerry Henry break that record? TD could, we could have got TD record because there are games in which TD, when he ran for 2008 ocho, right? TD was done at the half.


He be in a rush for 150 and Mike wouldn't let it play anymore. Or he be in rush for 1 69 and at the third quarter, like he was done for the fourth quarter. So he sat out probably equivalent. If you look at what, if you go back and look at when he didn't play anymore, he probably sat out the equivalent of probably three games because Mike saw the bigger picture. Yeah, I get you that record. We don't win the Super Bowl. What the hell? Because at the end of the day we wanted to be special. You needed to repeat in order for you to be one of these teams that people talk about Recurly. Right. You gotta do it back to back. So do I think he can do it?


Yeah, I do. I do. Because it's gonna be a situation where they gonna need him to run the air outta the ball and he's more than capable of doing that. And I think they have a team that takes pride and kinda like when td, TDD like 170 something yards to get that record, don't you? The ass off. Huh? Man, I was like, man, I'm like, it It, Hey them linemen wanted it. They like, hey, they like, oh we gonna get this, we gonna get this record, we gonna get Thousand. It's a surpris thing and knowing that in the record, but it's the fact that no, Absolutely. We're the reason why Absolute, He was able to get that record.


So it means just as much of them as it does to him winning that record And he gets an extra game. Right. 17 instead of 16. What was so amazing, OJ went for 2003 and 14 and boy in Buffalo and boy were toing that rock boy. Oh, the electric company. That's what they call the offensive line. The electric company. Robin McKenzie, Joe de Lama, they were moving people a, they were moving them up outta there. Actually Joe Ferguson, if I'm not mistaken, Joe Ferguson was the quarterback. Joe Ferguson was the quarterback. We played the, by rookie year we played Indy.


Joe Ferguson was the quarterback in Indy in 1990. And I think OJ broke that record in what, 73. And he was the quarterback, he was the quarter, he was the quarterback for oj. He was the quarterback in ending. That's dope. Yeah. We know what happened with with, but hey that he was a hell of a running back. Everybody wanted to beat 32. Everybody. The NFL fine jets. Linebacker, Quincy Williams, 45, 40 5,000, $20 for unnecessary roughness use of helmet on the hit to steal his Jalen Warren last week. Quincy tweeted, how am I supposed to make this tackle?


My shoulder ain't that far from his head. He lowered his helmet to make contact with me. I will not get ran over flag football too. Hand touch. Yeah, I agree. I committee because my instincts ocho when I catch football and I know I'm coming, I mean that's football in general. I'm not, I'm not sure. I don't know what they expect. Players, especially as fast as they're moving on that field. They're trying to change the game and the way players play on instinct and you react in, in, in, in real time. What's gonna happen is if you try to change up some of the things you do to protect yourself while making a tackle, somebody's gonna get hurt. You going, you gonna Yeah, exactly.


Because you can't hesitate. I can't hesitate as a tackler. I can't hesitate as a receiver because my instinct Yeah, I know that hit coming. Yeah, I'm gonna brace every time. So I'm gonna bring my head into the, into the strike zone because I'm aiming, he's aiming like, okay, I've been, I'm in the white, right? He's aiming for this. I'm one do the people. I'm not sure who the people are in charge. I'm not sure if the competition committee has anything to do with this. If you watch film, if you know the game of football, if you're a football guy and they've been around it for a very long time, you understand the difficulty and you're finding a player when there's only one, only one way to make that tackle. It's to do with there's nothing else. There is no alternative. There is no alternative outside of you just stay high and he run right through you and run you over.


No, exactly. Exactly. But I, you know, a lot of times guys get get hit for hitting receivers. Talking about he defenseless. No, that mofo got on helmet and shoulder pass. He ain't defenseless when they, what He had thing that was doing out here. And when you go to catch a pass and you know contacts coming brace, you brace for it so you drop your head down into the strike zone. Right. He might be trying to hit you in your waist, but you gonna brace for that lick. You ain't gonna like, okay, he gonna hit me in my waist. No, ain't gonna get salt in half. You want to a try to absorb that blow as much as you possibly can. It's just physics. It's just, it is what it is. I and I get it Right. It's the quarterback fault.


You threw that F up pass. Hell, I be wanting to throw it back to him sometimes. You know, you take it, let's switch positions. I'm gonna go out there, I'm gonna throw you one of these. You catch it, you tell me how you should have caught it. I agree with you Quincy, bro. I a, I don't know how you supposed to make your Time. Five. Fine. Boy, that's a lot bro. Hey this, it, it, it must not Hold on. The guy running ocho, this is a running back. So now they hold on, now they protect because the running back can't lower his head. But I'm like, who runs through the Whole, unless you Like, like you Ed Or Roger, ed ran or Roger Craig, one or the other Like that.


Yeah, but I'm saying but for the most part, Ocho, when you see contact coming, you gotta get down. You have to, if you don't, you gonna get hurt. Russell Had one glaring omission on his list of great coaches he's played for when talking to Yahoo Sports about getting his mojo back this season. Russ spoke highly of his time in Pittsburgh and his career in Seattle. But he left off talking positively about Broncos and playing under Peyton Manning. I'm in a good place here in p oh, excuse me, Sean. Oh I say manning Broncos and playing under Payton. Sean Payton. I thought he was under Sean Peyton, I'm in a good place here in Pittsburgh. I'm excited and I'm happy where my feet are.


Just focus where you are right now. I look at it as a tremendous honor and I don't look at it as a bad thing. I get to play for Pete Carroll. I get to play for Mike Toblin two all time grades. What he supposed to say. Yeah. The man benched him. The man put all the blame, everything that transpired his first year in, in, in Denver. He placed it at the feet of what Supposed to say, number one, you never chastise a player in front of your team, especially your quarterback. You don't do it and you don't do it on the sideline in the middle of a game hoping to get a reaction out of him. You know, he wasn't gonna push Sean Payton on let list. Absolutely not.


Absolutely not. I mean, I don't, I mean at, at some point in time, I understand Russells is a guard fairy man. Yeah. But he human also. See, sometimes people take the human element out of it. Oh. Just, just be the bigger person. Well damn if I gotta always keep being, being the bigger person Ocho I'm hanging around too many small people. God damn. I can't always be the bigger man. So y'all Oh, oh, let everybody just say whatever they want. Oh, you know, Shannon, it's just words. So just let everybody just say whatever Yeah. Treat you however. Nah man, I ain't got no problem.


I ain't got no problem with Russ. I don't have a problem with Russ. Didn't say he didn't say anything. I don't have a problem with what he didn't say. I mean, I I I've been fortunate Ocho I've been, for the most part I've had, I got along with all, all my head coach. I ain't never had a problem with any head coach, but I wasn't a quarterback. So I have a different level of expectation. I ain't really have no problem with no, no position coach. I'm a I'm a, I'm, I'm a I'm big on respect, don't you? Yeah, I'm, I'm big on that. Especially when there's an interaction and there has to be an interaction between us, especially on an ongoing basis because of that.


Well, you don't say it to me and I won't say it. You right. That's kind of hard when you the position coach or you the offensive coordinator or you in a position where we're gonna have to Yeah. Coexist. That's kind of hard. You know what I'm saying? You know, you build a relationship, don't they? Get somebody one party get mad. Don't say itch to me. Whoa. Yeah. So how you expect that to work? Yeah. You in the kitchen. I'm in the kitchen, right? You in the bathroom? I'm in the bathroom. We in the bed. You in the bedroom. I'm in the bedroom. So how we in the basement? We in the basement. So how is that gonna work? Don't say nothing to me. Don't look at me Some shit. Hey, Now I wanna look at purpose.


Look at you now On purpose. What you look at you. Yeah. No that's funny. No, but I, hey, I ain't got no problem with Russ getting say hey the man treat him like stir fry so hell nah. I ain't got nothing good to say. I ain't got nothing. See I ain't saying nothing bad. But you can deduce by I didn't say not me not saying anything. Right. You could deduce what I really think and my mama said if I ain't got nothing to say, good to say about somebody, don't say nothing at all. Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project 2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to safer life for the overtime pay.


So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you'll pay the heavy price to find out I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president. It was a big difference in the ball game. And look, Matthew staffer played really well tonight. Oka nku. Now you see why Cooper Cup is on the trade block. You got a younger guy that's less expensive and that's, that's the way sports work.


It's just like that in the real world. If you get somebody that's younger, okay, somebody's been there 10, 15 years, you get somebody that's younger that's on a cheaper salary that can do the job just as well, if not better. Yeah. Which you're starting to see And you get the same production. There's really no loyalty. Yeah. You talk about loyalty in sports, ain't a whole lot of loyalty in in jobs either. Yeah. And it never has been. Never has been. That's the way this is. This is the a a a dirty business. It always has been a dirty business, but some for, but for some reason fans are always fooled into believing that it's a fair game for the players. And the first thing they bring up is, well the players make millions of dollars, but they always ignore the business side of things. Again, I I, I'll I'll state it again.


Cooper Cup didn't have a a a great game tonight, but Puka Nku did, he picked up where he left off. Matthew Stafford, if I'm not mistaken, coming into this game. He only had three touchdown passes in the past whatever weeks it might have been. And tonight with a Healthy Cooper Cup and a healthy Puka Nku has four tonight. The deep the offense look completely different. Yeah. So with with with Cooper cut being on the trade block with them going from, from, what was it, what, two and five to not what, two and four to now three and four. Yeah. Yep. If I'm not mistaken, I think that with that, with that being their record now, I think that's off. 'cause now you have to think last year they went on a eight game stretch of winning seven of the last eight.


So who's to say that they can't do that now, now that everybody is back healthy. So I think, and they obviously last year they, they made the playoffs and finishing 10, 10 and seven if I'm not mistaken and made the playoffs. So they might, they Mike can go on a run now and do the same thing, especially from an offensive standpoint as good as their plan. The question is, if somebody willing to give me the high draft pick that I seek for Cooper Cup, then I do the deal. Because lemme ask you, Oh, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay, absolutely. Will they have nothing? They absolutely don't. They don't. Lemme lemme clear, lemme clear, lemme clear this. Chris Godwin is out. Mike Evans is out. Yeah, it's always next. It's always next man up. But the next man up is not gonna give you the production that your Mike Evans or your Chris God will, would having a, a Cooper Cup to come in in the offense that I'm sure he's familiar with.


Because much doesn't change from team to team outside of the language and the plays that are called that. That's pretty, that's pretty much it. And, and I think this guy, I think that guy was with Sean McVay, so that might be the same offense. Bingo. And so they might pretty much use bingo the same language and the whole, the thing is Ocho, when they say next man up, you might be talking about one man, one man, you don't really talk about two, you don't hope you got, well I got another guy that's, that plays behind Chris Gowin that can be the next man. I got a guy that plays behind Mike Evers that can be the next man. Most teams don't have two guys that are gonna be the next man. You might have one you might find, have a diamond in the rough where somebody goes out, right. And the guy can come in and give you very similar production.


But the likelihood you having two, three guys, like we see some of these teams and that's why Kansas City made the deal. I mean, you out Rashe Rice, you are without Hollywood Brown and you get, you know, Pacheco, not Kareem Hunters come in and did an unbelievable job, but the likelihood of you having multiple guys that can be next man up and give you the kind of production that the guys that you were counting on to give you that production is not very likely. So my que the, the, the thing that I have for the Rams is that what is the likelihood Ocho, let's just say for the sake of argument, if we were to keep Cooper Cup, right, is what what's our chance? Can we win it all? Because once you've won it all, the only question is can you win it all again?


Hmm. You, you know what I I I say it all the time and for, for those of you that in the chat, football doesn't start football season doesn't start meaningful football. Let me, let me, let me add that to it. Meaningful football doesn't start until after Thanksgiving. Until after Thanksgiving. And with them being three and four now to me, how the Rams organization and, and Sean McVea looking on the inside, hell, if we went on a run and won seven of our last eight last year and made the playoffs at 10 and seven, who's to say we can't do it now and, and go and go on a run and go on a tear. And you know, the thing is ocho I I I think, I think I, I think it's possible and Because the 49 ERs are not what they were.


You see Seattle, you are right there with them. You see the Cardinals, you're right there with them. Yeah. And so maybe that changes, that changes your outlook also. Now if you were like where the 49 ERs were, what they were six and one, maybe seven and one at this point last year, oh you're like, ah, nah, we're not catching them. And so now, because there's a chance you can win the division, there's a chance you will get a, if you win the division, obviously you get a home game. So maybe that changes their, the thought process. But normally when somebody's on the trade block, they don't pull 'em off. Especially if I can get what I, what I want to get. Kansas City walked away because they wanted a long, they wanted a high draft pick and they wanted to ram to put some of that salary bill round. Like, nah, nah, let let, we gonna hold on it.


Hey, we got, we still got what, 12 days November the fifth, which is election Tuesday. So we, we gonna hold, we gonna hold on and we'll see what, we'll see what shakes out. Maybe I hate saying this, but you know what Ocho maybe somebody else that think they got a good chance to make the playoffs or make a deep run a receiver gets Knix Add, add him to that roster. Roster. Yeah. And so, Yeah, I mean, I mean just, just looking at it, the, the, the only thing that makes sense to me, obviously Tampa Bay, who has a winning record and probably wants to still continue to give Baker an outlet somewhat of a security blanket and someone he can actually get the ball to. I mean, just you, you just have to do something like that.


And I'm sure Baker has spoke to management and spoke to the people upstairs, obviously the head coach and the office of the coordinator about getting another target in there. So that often can still have some type of consistency and, and, and, and, and and rhythm with a receiver that he can count on consistently down and, and down out and it listen, it, it might happen. But again, if you take Cooper Cup outta that offense, who, who was double tonight I think then UA Kuah now gets that attention. But Sean mc base offense is so creative and so is so creative and being able to, to find ways to get Putin n UA kuah open, I I think they would be fine if they were to trade Cooper.


K oh Joe Life at the Cowboys practice facility is undergoing a lot of scrutiny this week. Big old profile on Jerry Jones and life at the Cowboys facility in general dropped on ESPN. The article focuses on how the Cowboys fans are allowed to tour the team's facility with a level of access that doesn't exist anywhere in football. These team, these tourists come at the expense of the players and happiness and comfort. Several former cowboys told ESPN that the tours one of Jerry's big, one of the biggest distractions of working in Jerry's world and contradictory to the Jones stated goals of ending the 20 near 29 year Super Bowl drought. The article of course comes with more than a couple of tone.


Death Jerry Coates quotes, it's gold when those players grow through our complex out there. See the fans, I ain't never seen nobody at work got excited because normally it happens on your day off. It doesn't normally, they don't normally have tours during the week. Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Normally Ocho normally, I don't know how it is. I can only speak two places, right? I've been to Denver, I've been to Baltimore. Normally it's Tuesday or they'll come as we're starting to trickle out of there on a Saturday. But normally not when it's a normal workday. You're not having that. Jerry says, you know, the fan, the the player. They love that. They love it. I've never heard any complaint really?


Jerry, Hey boss, lemme tell you I got a problem with you. I don't like the way you do. They not, they're Not gonna say I'm on Jerry. But again, you know, Jerry is, is the, is the greatest salesman I greatest salesman of all time. I've never heard any complaints about the tours from staff. I've never heard any complaint of the tours from staff members or players. Not one time, but the most important thing is it wouldn't make any thank you. Oh, think about what he said. He said he's never heard a complaint from about the tours from staff members or a player, not one time. But the most important thing is it wouldn't make a difference anyway period. Because overall they're swimming against the stream.


If you search the article, the word zoo, it comes up three separate times. These tours apparently generate close to $10 million annually. Which is why I keep saying why does Jerry care if he wins a Super Bowl when he's gonna generate 300 to 400 to 500 billion every year? Every year regardless every year. Why does he care every year? Hell, he is getting 300 million just from the TV deal. Now you see this is separate from the TV deal. He has a deal with local radio station, he has a deal with local radio TV station at and t has the naming rights. That's probably 20 million a year. All the other rights that you stuff that you see up in the stadium, he has his own individual merchandise deal.


So he prints his own T-shirt. Somebody makes a great catch, somebody makes a great run. Zeke jumping over somebody, Zeke eating Jerry prince those shirt, boom, they out. Just like that. So what's the incentive to win ocho? If you can make, let's just say for the sake of argument you and not caught a cut different, I gotta go to work. But most people, if you say, you know what, whatever your salary is, we're gonna double it and triplet and you ain't gotta go to work, I gotta do something. But a lot of people say Hold on, you gonna pay me to do nothing. See Jerry don't make money. Right? See, it doesn't bother Jerry if he doesn't win, he give y'all that. See got keep the fans. Now I can't tell the fans how I really feel.


It's like he said, even if they, if even if the players complain don't matter, even if staff members complain, it's not gonna make a difference. So that's the problem. Jerry, nobody gonna tell you the truth. I heard Dak say nah, it don't bother me Dak stop. Well You know he, you know he can't say what he wanna say. Stop it. You know that you gotta be pc. Exactly. Get it. You ain't have no choice. Especially him if you there you gotta be pc. That's why a lot of these guys, excuse me, that are no longer there. It's an issue bro. I ain't trying, I ain't trying to, I ain't trying to say I'm there to work. It's not a zoo. It's not. It's not an amusement Party. Jerry's world is an amusement party.


Oh it, I mean it is. It is for them. It is for him. But normally that's the place of work. We're going to work. Let's hold on. How many times do you hear P players say same thing, let's keep the main thing the main thing. But the main thing, the main thing to them is these tours. Right? And the money that it generates because I saw it had a package, you can pay $30, you can pay $50 or $70 or $90. It is all the time. So you mean to tell me you couldn't do this on a a Saturday, you can't do this on a Monday. You see you gotta do this on a workday because yeah, they're like, oh I get a chance to see, I got a chance to see I saw the back of Daks Head. Why I saw this guy's. Why Because he doing it when the players are actually there then you can ask you can you asking Price could be a little bit more.


'cause now you have access to be able to have visual contact or maybe even speak to the players. So it's different. So basically Jerry, it ain't Jerry's world, ain't is no different than Jurassic Park when they had the Tour God movie. Yes, same concept. The Volume,


President Trump. Why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


Hey. There. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On, the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America s number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.