
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about, or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, waken Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, a lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Waken Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. The story behind the Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood Movie, but that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam maba, all the Biggest black Artists that on the planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are Talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke, The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon that's called Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Yo. Yeah, you I keep forgetting. We got, we got an actual theme now. I don't have to do no cold open. We Got a theme. Yeah, listen. Hey, like the Jeffersons baby, we moving on Up back. We definitely are moving on up. Thank you ladies and gentlemen for watching us. As you watch the Phoenix Suns go on the road and beat the LA Clippers in the new building, the Intuit Arena, I think that's what it's called, Intuit Dome Arena or whatever the case is, the Clippers lose their first game in their new arena tonight. Please make sure you hit that. Well, first of all, lemme tell you who I am. I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe and the guy below, he's your favorite, 85. He's from Liberty City. He is the route runner extraordinary. He's the bingo ring of Fame honoree.


He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro. He is the legendary Chad Ochocinco Johnson. You can just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and whatever you do, guys, do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, thanks to you, we are who we are. So thank you very much. Please make sure you check out Shay by La Portier. We have it in stock. We're hoping to be in between 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or a city near you, you can order it and we'll ship it directly to your home. And the turnaround, because we have it in stock, will probably be somewhere between two and five days depending on where you live.


So thank you again for your support. Please make sure you follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she, Shea Media and my clothing company. 84 and 84 is being spelled out. Our newest release drops Friday at 1:00 PM Eastern. Make sure we've been doing a little tease and stuff for it. So hopefully you guys have seen it and, and like what you see, the Suns beat the Clippers in the first ever game at Intuit Dome. Okay? It is Intuit Dome and it went to overtime. KD had 25 points. Bradley Bill had 24. Devin Booker fouled out with a little over two minutes left in regulation and basically left KD and Bill, they had to pick up the score and they got a contribution from Yusef late with a couple of free throws and some big rebounds as they go on the road.


And they went in the or new arena of the LA Clippers. James Harden looked like James Harden tonight, especially in the second half. He was really, really aggressive. And then he's gonna have to be like this because he doesn't have Kauai, he doesn't have pg. Yeah. So he's gonna have to play a lot like he played at Houston where he's gonna have to be aggressive. He's gonna have to put up a lot of shots. Probably won't be the most efficient James Harden, but that's okay because of outside of him where they gonna get scoring from. I mean, consistent scoring without Paul George and without Kawhi, obviously we know Paul George is now in Philly and Kawhi is in out indefinitely. So James Harden is gonna have to be the old James Harden, James Harden that we saw in Houston where he put a lot of the scoring, a lot of the facilitating on his back and to get these guys to where they need to be.


I don't know how far he can take them, especially at his age because the team is really not constructed like it was in Houston where he had a bunch of guys and their job was to make sure they get James the ball and get out of the way. So it's gonna be very interesting. I believe in Ty Lou. I trust Ty Lou, he's one of the great coaches, but he's got his work cut out for him because he doesn't have a whole lot of offensive scoring, especially with those two, one guy gone and the other guy being injured. So James Harden, we're gonna see, he, he did a great job of facilitating the ball, but like I said, he wasn't terribly efficient tonight. Go ahead O Joe. So, so what you, with, with that being said, with everything you just said, obviously Quad being out indefinitely, Paul George is going, I'm sure they're probably gonna miss him and not be able to get the points that he would be able to to get you a night.


So what would the Clipper's season be this, this season? What would their expectations be? If you're a Clipper's fan, knowing that Kawhi is out, PG is gone, and James Harden has to shoulder the load night in and night out, what is the ceiling for them? Don't matter what the ceiling is, they just went into a new arena. You gotta put butts in seats, right? The Dodgers are in the World Series. The Lakers are the Lakers. Yes sir. Do you understand how LA works, Ocho? I you ain't, I don't know if you, I lemme tell you, it's, it's different, a little different than when you went to college. Lemme tell you, I lived out there. Yes sir. I lived there. I there's Venice Beach, there's Santa Monica, there's eating on the patio, there's the Pacific Coast.


There's a lot of things to do. Yeah. If you're not winning, they're not coming because a lot of the people in LA are transient. So they don't, they they're not born Laan. And the Clippers are originally they were in, first of all, they were the Buffalo Braves and then they went down to San Diego and now they're up in la So they don't have the attachment to a, to, to a team like the Lakers. The Lakers have been, if I'm not mistaken, the Lakers have been in, in, in, in LA 60 plus years. So the people, yes, think about it. And you know the Lakers, you know Wil, you know Elgin, you know Jerry West, you know Kareem Magic Shaq, Kobe Worthy LeBron.


When you think of the Clippers, who you thinking about Clipper down. Exactly. Marcellus Wiley. Unfortunately those guys don't put butts in seats. And so the expectations are, I'm sure they were expecting build this new arena. They got tired of having a building being second fiddle. They're the second cousin, they're in the basement@crypto.com. Lakers because of the Lakers, right? We want our own building. Well, if you build your own building, and I get it, Steve Bomber, he's the wealthiest owner worth over $120 billion built the arena. I get all of that. But how do you attract, if you build, they will come.


That is not true. But no, you got to have the product. You got to have the product on the floor and they will come. That that's, that's the, that's the easy part. Obviously winning is one of, but in order to win you have to have a team structure correct and organized to put butts in the seats. And they just don't have that right now. They don't. So me thinking based on the question that I asked, the expectation for the Clippers obviously has to be low. It has to be low. It ca it is, I mean for you and I, but when you look at, they just put that rent probably cost a couple of billion dollars OCHO and so, and and It's nice. It's nice like that. Oh yeah. Oh it's all state of the art because you gotta build, realize who built it. It is a tech guy. What does tech, right?


When they build things, it's state of the art because you're gonna want other high tech events, you'll probably want the final four. You'll want, you'll want something else in that building other than Right, the Clippers, the generation, yeah. You're gonna want, you know, high end stuff, a Beyonce concert, Taylor Swift concert, whatever the case may be, you're gonna want things. So you're gonna want the latest and greatest in technology in that building. With that being said, as you said, the product on the court, I just don't know how many, and I think T Lou is a fabulous coach. Y'all know what I think of t Luke, right? I just don't know if he has the horses to win races. Like we're used to seeing the Clippers.


Now we know they haven't won a championship, but we always thought that okay, they're gonna make the playoffs and if everybody can stay healthy Now Kauai, with the exception of maybe the bubble, Kawhi hasn't been able to stay healthy, then Paul George got Nick. So for whatever reason over the last Kauai got there in what, 2019, he hasn't been able to stay healthy and without Kawhi. And now we know Paul George and just James Harden. James Harden used to be able to carry a team. He got Houston into the playoffs a lot of years. But mainly it was just him. But he was putting up some of the great offensive numbers that rival whoever you thought your great, I mean you don't remember all those in the fifties and sixties when 10, 15 guys was scoring 30 plus points and grabbing Wilt was grabbing 50 and 25 and Elgin, Baylen, all those guys were getting those numbers.


But if you go back and look at Kobe's best season as far as scoring, you go back and look at Jordan Best season as far as scoring. Harden was doing that, right? The 60 point triple double, the 50 point triple double the 30 point on a nightly basis for 15, 20, 30 straight games. That's what James Harden was doing. I don't know at his age. Now Ocho, I don't know if he can give you that kind of production. I mean, but, but when I think about it, obviously you never forget how to play the game of basketball regardless of age. Obviously LeBron has been able to do it obviously due due to him being able to stay healthy. When I think about James Harden and how efficient he is from mid-range at the three being able to create space and create his own shot, all it comes down to is for one, being in shape and being able to hit the shots and now you have no pressure.


So you always have that green light in your head. Well you know what, I can, I have the freedom to be able to take those shots and B, as efficient as I was when I was in Houston at that time because there's really no one else that can score points. So I had the freedom to just shoot at will. Yes he does. You look at it, he played 40 minutes tonight. He was 10 or 28. And so he, but when you look at it, Derrick Jones Jr five or six Zbox who out? It was eight of 13. Terrence Mann played 27 minutes. He was four of six. Norman Powell five or 16. And then you get platoon or 2K Jones, three or five. Coff was four of four.


Right? So if you look at Chris Dunn was two or four. Kevin Porter Jr. Was one of eight. And see, you see the thing is you see the shots, James Harden's gonna take the ma the bulk of the shots. Bulk of the shots. Yeah. But he's take, I mean he's taking step back threes. That is not the most efficient shot that you can take. He's gonna go to the, he's gonna try and he's not getting the calls. You remember he used to go to the pre throw line 15, 16 8 And his Dad hit that with the hands up. Yeah. They're not giving him that anymore. And when you say he doesn't, he hasn't forgot how to play the game. Aaron Rogers haven't forgotten how to play the game. He's just old and yeah. And over the last four to five games, what have we heard Aaron Rogers say, after every game I've gotta play better, I gotta play better.


Yeah. As you get older it gets harder and harder for you to summons it up. You can have a game. Yeah. Hearing there. But to have that repetitive game, the OCHO used to go get me one 15, get me one 20. Right. Get me 95, go get me another 10 buck 10 go get me 1 0 5. Right. It get hard back. Yeah. You see? Yeah. You remember how you back when you, your teens the 20 you give it to 'em back to back. Yeah. You go boom, boom, come on back. Yeah, come on. Boom. Come on baby. Boom boom. Come on back. Now you're like, hey, you like, hey, you ready for round two girl, I get you in the morning. Hey, hey. I tell her, Hey, I got a spade hand on your, I got two of the possible hey and you bet.


Hey. And you bet not cut off the top. Hey, I got a diamond. If you cutting diamonds, okay, you got one. I got one book Ocho. Right, right. That's it. I got the ace, but I also got the king of diamond queen. A diamond jack of diamond, the five and the fourth A diamond. She, they might be cutting the diamonds. So I got two of the possible, but if they cutting off the rail, right, that's it. Because I counted the ace of the king. Right? So, and that's, and that's where they are right now. Ocho, I just, like I said, shams reported today that Kauai will Ms. Weeks. Weeks. Remember Ocho, he missed the last part of last year. They rem, they sent him home from the Olympics because of the knee.


He was rehabbing. I, I guess he had surgery again. I don't know. Don't quote me on that, but Right. He's gonna Ms. Weeks. Think about it. The season ended in April, may, right? June, July, August, September. We're in October. Six months. That's six months. He's about to go into month seven. Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball, the Blindside and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family.


I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to Against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I wanna quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time.


So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday. Hey everyone, Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast Waking Jake. It's your go-to spot for anything and everything.


Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Waking Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered, no matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Awaken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook Up the World. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black.


And how we arrived at this peak moment, I don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast. Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well the election is in the home stretch and I'm exhausted, but turns out the end is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me who need a little perspective and insight.


I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, van Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun, even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll do that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B. Roy Wood Jr. And Charlemagne the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Power to the podcast for the people. So whether you're obsessed with the news or just trying to figure out what's going on this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey it, it must be something serious. It must be some serious that we don't know about. But to be able to miss that amount of time. Ha already had surgeries, you have the resources and the money for any type of specialist anywhere in the world. And the fact after such a long extended period of time being off since last season and the new season starting and still not being able to go at this point, something ain't right. Yeah, But here's the thing though, Ocho, you know, you could only go into the same body parts so many times. How many times they gonna open that knee up and draw fluid off it or get loose particles out of it at some point in time he's got to be pretty close.


If he's not already, that knee is arthritic. Now there's a good chance, there's a great chance that this bone on bone, right. And when you get bone on bone some days that thing feel good. Ocho and I can go out there play some days you don't. But I tell you what, woo. The next morning Yeah, you gonna feel like you stepping on hot nails. Yeah. And then, you know, being on that hardwood, don't make it. No. Yeah. Yes. And you gotta do it back to back because they play eight, two of those things. And so they got a Tuesday game, they got a Wednesday game and then they gonna play again Friday or Saturday. So I got three games and up and down, up and down. That's all you do is stop stopping and starting.


Alright. Yeah. It's, it's, it's tough. I feel bad for him because his body's broken down and I have yet to see a person get healthier as they age. Yeah. It just, you don't, it just doesn't happen. Right. And that's what happened. I mean, what could have been, you look at his career, his trajectory that it was on And yeah, he's a hall of famer obviously. He's a, he's a two time defensive player of the year. He's a two-time finals, MVP, he's an all six time all star. He's an all star game. Nm VP he's an all NBA player.


But you just think about, man, what could his career have been had he been able to stay healthy? And there are a lot of guys that we can say that about. We can, there are a lot of guys that ocho we like, we look at a Brandon Roy Guy had all the ability, what could his career have been? And that's what we gonna say. Right? Oh, that's what we're gonna say about Kawhi guy that didn't talk, you didn't talk about he didn't talk much. Hell, he didn't talk at all. He only talked. Yeah. Hey, he, he was basically Marshawn Lynch, he was here just so he didn't get fined. Yes sir. That that was it. He doesn't have a whole lot to say but man, you know, when he got on the court, he was gonna give you everything he had. He didn't say a whole, he didn't say much, didn't say anything really.


But he was a two way player. He could go get you 25, 30, he could lock it down. He'd take the opposing team's best player and limited him to under his average. You're not gonna stop the best players. This notion that oh, he's a defensive player and, and and, and and and the guy. No, what you do if the guy averages 25, you hold him to 23, you hold him to 20, you don't let him get 35. That's like last night. I'm watching the game last night, Ocho I was at the game last night and I'm looking at Anthony Davis and he is making mi meet a Rudy Gobert. A four what? Three, four time defensive player of the year and ad got 36 and 16. And I'm like, you can't, I'm like, stop. I'm not saying you gotta stop him, but you can't let the man every damn near 12, 14 points more than what he normally gets.


Right. But yeah, I think the, the the, you, you have to lower the seat. Ojo is like when you a kid, you know you got this rim and the kid like, he can't shoot the baller there, so you gotta lower the rim so the kid can get the ball into the hoop. In the hoop. Yeah, I definitely agree with you. I think we're gonna have to lower the expectations for the Clippers, but I don't know if they necessarily, if, if, if Clipper fans want to hear that, especially in that new arena. The tickets aren't cheap. I'm sure Steve Bomber doesn't want to hear that he's paid a lot of money. Yeah, he's, he spent, you know, over $2.2 billion to buy this team.


He spent a lot of money on Kauai. He spent a lot of money on Paul George. He traded away a lot of his assets in order to try to win right now because when you're in, you're in LA what you doing? You completely with the Lakers. Yeah. Yeah. That's what that, I mean it is what it is. That's what you're, that's what you're up against. 'cause that's the team that's here. And he didn't want to be right. You know, he didn't, he didn't, he didn't wanna wait and he had to make this move because Kauai was gonna go to the Lakers if he didn't give him what he wanted. So basically he gave him the keys to the castle. But what happened is that Kawai lost the keys. Mm. His injuries.


You get Paul George, you trade away Shea Gils, you trade away Galin, you trade away unprotected lottery picks and pick swaps. It's fine if you win. You. So no matter what you think about the Lakers where they traded all these assets, they traded Ingram, they traded bi. Yeah. Excuse me. They traded bi, they traded hard. They got a championship. You get a, So you think if Obama could do it again, you think he gets rid of Shay knowing what outcome would've been? No, Shay's 24. Yeah. And can you imagine he was still with the Clippers, him and Harden. I don't know if they get hardened, but I think the thing is, you see what the, the OKC did?


They got him. He developed, they built around him That hey that boy good boy. And so you look at Jalen Williams, you look Jalen Williams young Chet Hungry Young, they just traded for AC so they got a, they got a young team, they hungry Joe. I think his name is Isaiah Joe. They got a, they got some guy that can that can shoot the three shake and shoot the three. But he could put the ball on the floor. He got a nice mid-range game. He can finish at the rim. He, he's, he's not an above the rim player of the Ocho. He's not, he's not athletic like Russ. He's not athletic like D Rose.


Right, right. Man, He got, he got a smooth game though, Average to give you, give you 30 on a nightly smooth and easy too. So the Suns beat the Clippers in the first ever game. Meaningful game. And Intuit Dome what score? I think it was 1 0 1 16 to one 13 if I'm not mistaken. Damn, what's that score? I think that was the score one 16 to one 13 the finals overtime. I was about to lose my damn mind 'cause I said, boy, if they going to a second overtime, I'm gonna have to come over here and say, guys, I'm sorry for tonight. But the, the show has been canceled. Right, right, right.


The Warriors beat the brakes off the blazer. Steph nearly recorded the triple double. He had 17 points, 10 assist nine rebounds while sitting out the entire fourth quarter. Man, y'all let Steph get that rebound. Nah, because see what happened, remember a, they put Chris Godwin back in a meaningless game. Now he gone for the season. Buddy Hill had 22 points in just 15 minutes. That's one thing my buddy, my buddy. Oh, he get hot, he can stroke it now. He he can let it. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. But Buddy could shoot now. Oh yeah, for sure. So the Warriors made 20 threes had seven players in double figures. Steph Curry had 17. Jackson Davis had 14. Andrew Wiggins had 20 Draymond Green doing Draymond thing.


He got a technical fire early. Minga had 10, Moses Moody had 15. De Anthony Melton had 10. Buddy Hill had 22. So the Warriors, hey they gonna shoot it now. See, Go ahead. It's a good one. Now, now you, you talk about the Warriors, about they shooting tonight. So Andrew Wiggins had 20, right? Yes. Buddy Hill had 22. Yes. So is it safe to say, and you, you would know better than I than I would and Chad, y'all stay with me now, if Andrew Wiggins and Buddy Hill play consistently like this, do you think they Ms. Clay at all?


No. But what have, what has history shown you about Andrew Wiggins? He's been inconsistent with the exception of that. Yeah, he, he's a stock market. He's a rollercoaster. He's up and down right now. He had a lot on his mind, obviously last year. He's dealing with some family issues. If I'm not mistaken. His father passed away. So I'm sure that weighed on his mind right this, this past season and, and he's probably, there's a good chance his dad probably was sick for a while and maybe that was on his mind that weighed heavily on his mind. But Wiggins has been really consistent. Now, the year they won the championship, he was phenomenal. He was tr offensive, defensive played really, really well on both ends of the court. But they need these young guys, they need the commers to be consistent.


They need the Moses Moody's to take that next step and become more consistent. Pod pods he played. Okay. I mean he, he has moments where he's like really, really good tonight. He played 25 minutes, had zero points, had seven rebounds, four assist. He was all five and field goals or four from the three. But they got some guys that could score. I like Gary Payton Jr. He, he can, you know, he gets you six to 10 points. He's a defensive guy, rebound, steal the ball. Plays tough on a nightly basis. And that's what they have. The one thing, they're well coached, they're disciplined, they know who they are and they get, the thing is, that's surprising about when you look at the Warriors, they rebound better than you think because they shoot the ball from the outside so much because they take a lot of threes ocho, they the ball.


Yeah. They kind of have a great sense of what a ball is. So they get a lot of hustle rebounds. They don't necessarily, you know, beat you up on the glass like a team that, like the old Celtics used to that, you know that with 16 seven foot Robert Par six 10 Kevin Mcha, six, nine lag bird, things of that nature. Right? They get a lot of loose, they get a lot of rebounds because of the cam of the basketball from them shooting threes. But, But you know, ano another thing, another thing watching, I mean speaking on the game tonight, obviously them, them shooting, well Curry not playing in the fourth quarter, but you gotta understand they were playing the Blazers now and then they had 17 turnovers. Yeah. They had 17 turnovers. And now if you're playing a better team, a better team that can have the same type of offensive aerial assault that you do from behind the arc, let's say like a goddamn Boston Celtics.


Oh yeah. Or a team of that sort, you know, the Scoreline would be looking a lot different when you got another team that can shoot like that. But you turn, turn the ball over like crazy. Yeah. What, it's the same thing in football. You turnovers get your beat basketball turnovers get your beat, you commit arrows in baseball, you, you lose game. You allow team to get extra at bats because you could have been out of an inning and now all of a sudden you allow somebody else to come to the plate and they got runners on and the next thing you know, the ball is in play and you get, you know, a runner or two home or the ball goes over the fence and you get two to three runners home. And so yeah, mistakes cost you in sporting events, it really does. You see it in tennis.


You have an opportunity to close out a, you know, close out a a a a match or a set and you give somebody life and the next thing you know, you find yourself in a free fall and you're like, damn, I had, I had to match on my racket. Right? And you lose so mistakes cost you normally it cost you in, in, in sporting events. So nobody's surprised by that. The Lakers beat the Timberwolves last night, one 10 to 1 0 3 LeBron, James Brody James make history appearing in the same regular season game marking the first time a father son duo short shared the court in the N nba crazy 79 year history. I was at their last night game with my daughter Ocho. And it, it was a moment man, What that was. Wait, what that was like, man, what that was like, man.


What was the atmosphere like? I mean, just, I'm, I can't, I can't even, No, it wasn a father Playing at the same time on the same team. I was surprised because I thought the energy would be a little different. A lot, a little. I didn't feel the buzz, I didn't feel the electricity. I've been to Laker games. I was at the Laker game when LeBron broke the scoring record and you could feel the electricity even though they lost the game. Oh, you're right. When he gave The ball I when he passed Kare. Yeah. Yeah. You could feel the buzz. I've been there in the playoff game. Now obviously this is not a playoff game, but I thought there was be a little bit of more electricity in the, in the, in in the arena. And it wasn't like that. It was a, it was a great moment because I'm old enough to remember when Griff and his dad, you know, they had a home, obviously had a home run in the same game.


I'm old enough to remember that as Griffey reminded me last night. 'cause he was on the ba he was up under the counter, up under the basket on the court side. He and his dad and I was a little bit more to the center straight across from the Timberwolves bench. And you know, he and I was talking, I didn't realize this. I thought we were the same age, but I'm, I'm actually about 13, about 17 months older than Grippy. Right. Okay. Yeah. And so, you know, we, we were, we were talking, so I I rem I remember that moment Ocho when him and his dad came up and, and they were on the same, but the likelihood that was 30 plus years ago, 35 years ago, I think, if I'm not mistaken, the likelihood OCHO of us seeing something like that again, think about that was 35 years ago.


So your dad, think about it, Tom Brady played 23 years. Now you are gonna have to have kids probably in your late teens. That's what LeBron did. I think LeBron LeBron, he probably was what, 1920 at the latest. Right. Same thing with Griffey and Griff Griffey. Senior, junior. So you're probably gonna have a kid have to have a kid somewhere in your late teens, early, early 20, 20, 21. And you're gonna have to be good enough to play long enough. That's right. And your son is gonna have to be good play, be good enough to get to that level. And football is virtually it's impossible Ocho because you got the three years that you got, I mean, right.


Your class has to be gone. So you gotta be at least in college at least three years and your dad is gotta be really, really good at play. A position that's conducive for him to do that.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to casts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for about 30 minutes I dive into three topics in Major League Baseball that I am interested in. Breaking stories, trends, stats, weird stuff. Sometimes I make up my own stats, sometimes I do a lot of research and it ends up I was wrong the whole time. So that's something you can get in on. Use Jimmy's three things podcast to stay up to date on Major League baseball and to make you just a smidge smarter than your friend who's a baseball fan. You listen to me and then you go tell him, Hey, I know this and you don't. So I make you smarter than your friends. That's what Jimmy's three things is all about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. You could also find it on the Talking Baseball YouTube channel and new episodes drop every Tuesday. Hey everyone, Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I wanna tell you about my podcast, waken Jake. It's your go-to spot for anything and everything. Sports, baseball, football, basketball, hockey, golf, college, whatever's hot in the street. We're talking about it on Wake and Jake. So if you're a diehard fan or looking for the latest buzz, we've got you covered. No matter your favorite sport, we're breaking it down with the passion that'll make you feel like you're in the stands with us. Plus we've got a bunch of guests, foolish Bailey, jolly Olive, Chris Rose, and more mock drafts, rankings, whatever you want. It's the sports world. And come on and join our friends in the Awaken Jake family. You will not regret it. So new episodes Monday and Wednesday. You can watch along on the Awaken Jake YouTube channel or listen to awaken Jake on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King, Miriam Maba. I shook up the World. James Brown said, say it loud. And Akia said, I'm black and I'm Proud. Black boxing stars and black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music and then the boxing event. What was going on in the world at the time made this fight as important that anything else is going on on the planet. My grandfather Laid on the ropes and let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to Rumble, the story of a world in transformation the Sixties. And prior to that you couldn't call a person black. And how we arrived at this peak moment, I Don't have to be what you want me to be, We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, it's Katie Couric. Well, the election is in the home stretch and I'm exhausted, but turns out the end is near right in time for a new season of my podcast. Next question, this podcast is for people like me who need a little perspective and an insight. I'm bringing in some foks friends of Katie's to help me out like Ezra Klein, van Jones, Jen Psaki, Ted Herndon. But we're also gonna have some fun, even though these days fun and politics seems like an oxymoron. But we'll do that thanks to some of my friends like Samantha B. Roy Wood Jr. And Charlemagne the God, we're gonna take some viewer questions as well. I mean, isn't that what democracy is all about? Power to the podcast for the people. So whether you're obsessed with the news or just trying to figure out what's going on this season of next question is for you, check out our new season of next question with me, Katie Couric on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


And you know what I, I'm thinking about the Griffeys as well being able to play together. There are so many father and son duos that didn't have the opportunity to play together, but there's so many father and so many sons that are playing whose dad's also played the game as well. Yeah, yeah, I'm talking about a a a lot of 'em. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Football obviously. Archie, Peyton and Eli, you got the Matthews, clay Matthews, clay Matthews Jr. You got, you got Jake Matthews, his dad, Bruce Matthews there. Yeah. There, there are a lot.


You got Joe Ho Harris, his son Harris jc Yeah. Yeah. So they, yeah, there, there've been, there've been a Hey, so football is just, it's it is impossible. Yeah. It, it'll never happen, huh? Unless, unless somebody had a kid of a 14, 15-year-old and, and, and, and he plays and he could play long like Brady because think about it, right. Brady kids in high school, Brady played 23 years, but Brady Brady, yeah. Got a late start having kids, Right? He did. So no, he didn't get too late to start. 'cause I think his oldest son Jet probably what, 14, 15? Let's just say for the sake of our, we give him 16 ocho, let's give him 16.


Right. Brady's Brady's about to be retired three years. He the high school and he, he might be a sophomore in high school. Yeah. That that, that's difficult too. Especially, especially a contact sport like, like we play. And it had to be a position where longevity that allows you to play long. Quarterback or kick and now Longevity. You gotta be good. There you go. You gotta be good at which good. Your crab, You gotta be good. You gotta be, first of all, you gotta be good enough to stay that long. And so sub team to want to keep your ass that long and then your son gotta be good to fast track himself to get there. Yeah. We saw like, I don't remember, I mean, but I, I think the hus but I think it was in Brett and Bobby Hall.


No, the, how was was, was it Brett and Bobby? I think it might have been Gordy Howell. It might have given Gordy Howell played with his sons in hockey. But the likelihood of us seeing that Ocho like I said, it's gonna be somebody that's gotta have kids in their early teens and the kids gotta be really good. Yeah, that'd Be dope. Yeah. To, to get there and so to be there to witness it last night and you know, I-I-I-I-I DM Ron, like, bro, I didn't get a chance to see you after the game, but it was just great to, to be there and to see it, to see him check in at the same time and it would, you know, he only played a couple of minutes, two minutes. Now that that's out the way hopefully, you know, and it's, it is tough to get better when you don't get minutes.


Right. So like for me, ojo, like I wasn't like, I played mainly special teams the way I got better Scout team. Yeah. I was cooking folk because that was, that was, that was my game. That was my game every, every Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. That was my game. Give the defense the best look I possibly could. Now, now I'm running their stuff, but I'm really working on my stuff. Your craft. Yeah. Yeah. And you know, the thing is, hey, he don't run it like that. Oh my bad. He should because he'd be over like I'm open if you, if he ran it like that and, and the thing was, oh I'm really, I'm really trying to wing it. I'm really trying to wing it and Wade Phillips would tell the defense, oh don't worry about him.


They're tight end, can't move like that. Right. But I'm, that was, and so hopefully Bronny like in scrimmages, he's working on his, he's working on his game and I don't know how much they, you know, obviously LeBron ain't really doing a whole lot, you know, just basically walkthroughs and ad like that. But hopefully when they can get an opportunity and he can get some five on five in against some of the other guys that don't get a whole lot of minutes or not play it like himself, he's working on the game. Right. Because that's the only way he's gonna get better. There ain't no way he can get better just sitting there watching his dad and watching the other guys run up and down the court. He's gonna have to get some time in to, to work on his own game. Right. I mean, well, well basic, I mean obviously you, you had the, you know, the opportunity to be at the game.


I mean, I know it's only one game, obviously you really can't, that's a small sample size, especially for a new coach. I mean, how do you feel about JJ Reddick team? I thought he looked good. I thought he Responded to him. The little Bit of time I, I've only been around him a little bit Ocho he's very well prepared. He's very, very meticulous. You can tell that he knows the game. He knows the, okay, they did this, this is what we need to do. We did that. They're probably counted with this. Okay, here's our other counter. You can tell that his mind is constantly at work. And I think the thing is is because he's so meticulous, he played the game, he played what, 13, 14 years.


He averaged like 12 points a game. So it wasn't like he was, I mean everybody know what he was at Duke, they hated him at Duke. But he was like, he liked your ass up in college. He was a player of the year. Oh yeah, he was, he was, he was a, he was a great college player, but he was a really good NBA player and Right. He's a student of the game. And you could tell like some of these guys, you could tell guys who was gonna be coaches when they got done. You could look atty T Lou and you could say T Lou gonna be a coach man. Derek Fisher gonna be a coach. He's one of those guys you looked at J Man I can see JJ Reddick being a coach. Some guys you can just, you know, some guys you can just see that's gonna be the role that they're that's the the path that they're gonna take.


Yeah, It's yeah, it's in them. It's in them. I mean the thing is he is like, he's gonna, he'd say he wants to talk to the league and ask why do they have to use brand new basketballs for the game? He wants to use balls that have been worn in that they've actually used before. Kinda like football because remember that it was Peyton Manning and Brady, them that went to the league and ask them could they can now they'll let you put the balls in the dryer, the washing, let you scrub 'em down and get some of the sheen off them. You don't just get the, we used to get the balls right up the damn box. Damn. Yeah, you got, you got, you gotta scrub it down. Yeah, you gotta scrub it down. They let you do that now. They didn't let you do that before because the ball be like the kicking ball.


You see how shiny the point of the ball and the kicking ball is how sh they got that sheen on them. Yeah Man, hey gimme that ball. Put it on the ground and try to get a little dirt on it. Don't you, You you won't be able to grip it off throw Nah, if you, if you try to put that thing right out the box. Yeah. And so yeah, but I, I I, I, I think the Lake of Luck ad play like look, we know what ad is 'cause we've seen ad give some of the best bigs, be it Giannis be it, and b be it bam. It does not matter when ad is locked in because you can do it on both ends of the court. He's the guy that can go get you 30 and 20 and give you four blocks and give you four steals and shoot a high percentage from the floor.


He's, he's phenomenal. 16 athletic has range can shoot the three but he don't live it. I mean I don't like if he tries to live and die by the three, he can put the ball on the floor and finish at the rim. He got a mid range shot. He gotta put play with his back to the basket. He gotta step back ad is is all around great. And now I think the thing is he's doing a better job of taking care of his body. Played a lot of games last year, which was the most he had played in a very, very long time. That hurt. Yeah. And he looked good. He looked good last night. He looked, his body looks, he looks fresh, he looks healthy, he looks strong, looks fit. So I I I definitely like what I saw from ad last night, I like what I saw from LeBron. Even though LeBron didn't take a whole lot of shots, he still, you know, he's gonna work himself.


I could tell early that I think like probably like four minutes in the game he put his hands up because the excitement man my son, I'm about to play with my son. Right. So I know he was anxious about that And so, you know when you get anxious Ocho you all of a sudden you start to hyperventilate. Mm. Yeah. Your nerves. So, and but I could tell Anthony Davis prays the elite game plan of JJ Reddick the game plan, the schemes that we had on both ends of the floor. He trusts us, we trust him as far as what he teaches us, what he wants us to do on the floor on both ends. And it's our job to go execute it. I think we were very, very prepared tonight.


Damn. Mm. I like it. That's, that's a good thing. I so listen on, on, on the other end of the spectrum, like watching that Laker game obviously the moment LeBron and, and and Brony had was really dope. But I was curious to see, you know, how the wolves look, you know, with their two, two new assets and, and Julius Randall and Dante Dizel Di dienzo di Okay. Okay. I I thought I said it right. So I was curious to see how they look tonight and really compare who won that trade between you know, the wolves and the Index. You won't know until the end of the year Ocho because you know, if you look at it, Antman looks sensational last night. I don't know if they're gonna play this. Yeah. But a antman was micd up and I didn't know it and he was right there in front of our bench and I looked at him, I'm like hey an he like what a unc, I said I don't know if you got a frame for a football, that ain't no football frame you got nigga said, Hey Unc, if I look, if I lift like you, I look like you.


He say, hey. Yeah, he said, I'm from where you from? He said, hey. I say, I, I say I know. Yeah. He said hey, he said Unc, I put a lot of work in his body to look like this. He said, but if I would've lift weights he got, he kind of like his upper body ocho kind of built like your, because he got a narrow, he got a point point clavicle. He really narrow. Right. But basketball players don't really need to lift weights with the upper body 'cause they gotta be fluid through here. They don't need no tri self. You gotta no B self. They don't need no dealt, they don't need to be, they don't need to be built like a football player. They, hey they have shoulders, I gotta take them blows. Right. So, but if you, but he say, I mean he, you know we heard what he said.


He said, Hey, if you wearing the title the next three to four years, he go play football. Yeah. Yeah. Hey man, hey ahead. Stay where you at bro. Go ahead. Get that money. Yeah. If anybody could do it, he Could do it. Oh Joe, they just gave, they just gave Jason Tatum 318 million by the time an man contract come around, it's gonna be a 400 million. Yeah. Ant man get that 400 million. Oh yeah. You get the opportunity to get twofold. You get an opportunity and man, and what, how at man 24 20? Yeah. 24, 25 Air Man got a chance to get a, make a billion dollars in basketball. I ain't talking about an endorsement. I ain't talking about shoe contract. I ain't talking about stuff off the field off the court. I'm talking about he has an opportunity to get four a billion dollars in salary.


Man, don't you? Man is 23, man, look here man. Wait, you 23, Man, listen to me. Listen for your, listen to your own. You ain't got nothing to prove. You can say, Hey, I can play football and leave it at that man. You can go get that money. I'm going to get, I'm gonna get that bill. Listen, he, he can go get that bill. He might be able to double dip like prime and be the first two way player to play in the NFL and the NBA Man. You never know, man. Get that bill, get that Billy, and don't even worry about nobody. You try to, you ain't got nothing to prove. Go get this money. The risk, man, that football a I understand Ocho it ain't it, it's not the physical game.


They've legislated a lot of the physicality out of it, but it's still a, it's still an inherently dangerous and physical game. Yeah, very, very. It is what it is. So, but it was great to see. I, I wanted to see ad play. There are a couple other players that I wanna see play and hopefully I get a chance to see him. I like to see Jason Tatum play. Luca, I like to see Luca. I wanna see Yolk. Nicola Yoic. Well, Nicola is Nicola. So every couple of guys I wanna see play in bead, but The Volume


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by Volume Hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone. Jake Story here from John Boy Media. I want to tell you about my podcast, wake and Jake. I've been a sports nut my whole life and there's nothing I love more than talking about it. If you're a sports fan, wake and Jake is the place for you covering all the hot topics from the sports world, lot of baseball, lot of postseason coverage, mock drafts, awards, guest interviews, all of it, new episodes every Monday and Wednesday. Come watch along on the Wake and Jake YouTube channel or listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about or I do a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind the Rumble in the Jungles, like a Hollywood movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam mc, Kiba, all the Biggest slack artists on the planet Together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.