(0s):
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five, Dirk four page is a lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so Tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(30s):
What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need, this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents. We'll have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March 6th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 1s):
What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julia is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 33s):
Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,

(2m 32s):
The Volume

(2m 35s):
Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams to edition The Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time, here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.

(4m 9s):
Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.

(4m 50s):
This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have half. Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family district of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older. False positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.

(6m 35s):
Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us. We know it's late and so we greatly, greatly appreciate you still showing your loyal and faithful support. Welcome to another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today. Joining us a little later in the program, the biggest boss thus far, Rick Ross. But we gotta talk about this Lakers next game. It goes to overtime down by as many as 13 points. The Lakers rally late and take it in overtime. One 13 to 1 0 9. They improved to 40 and 21. The the arena was electric for a regular season game. Luca sensational 32 points.

(7m 16s):
12 assists several rebounds. Gold. James finished it off with four consecutive free throws. LeBron James 31, 12 and eight gave Vincent off the bench. Didn't miss from three point AR was two or 13 in his return, but he had one big three in an overtime that put him up five and they never trailed after that. They were tied in the ball game OCHO, but they never trailed. The Lakers look really good when you get LeBron James playing off the ball. He can get, he's gonna get some run outs. He's going to dive, he's gonna slash to the basket. Yeah, he's gonna be in the dunking spots. Get some easy baskets. Luca's controlling the game because he has someone that all the guys that he played with.

(7m 58s):
Yeah, the one guy that reminds him of himself is Luca Dunit. A guy that could control the tempo, the pace of the game. I wanted to be this, I'm gonna play at this pace. I want it to be that I'm gonna play, play at that pace. They were sensational last to tonight. The arena was electric and they get a hard fought victory over a good team, not a great team, a good team in the next Jalen Brunson suffered a a ankle injury. He went up, came down on, also looked like he came down on Austin Reed's foot. You know how that is. Ocho, you come down. That hurt. That hurt. But watching the game, Ocho, what'd you like about what you saw from the Lakers?

(8m 38s):
Listen, the, the Laker looked very good. Luca and LeBron together is special. I didn't know it would look the way it did this early. Obviously it was kind of shaky with looking, not having any, any, any type of rhythm. His legs run up underneath him. He was coming off of injury. But the way they look right now, I mean, listen, when you talk about LeBron being able to play another two, three, maybe even four years, You know, with long being able to, to carry, to carry a load, it's a possibility. I'm, I'm, listen, I'm I'm not much of a Laker fan. I mean, as you are, I'm, I'm a fan of the game of basketball now that I'm continuing to learn the game, You know, as, as as time goes on, I'm excited for the Lakers in general.

(9m 19s):
Like the Knicks didn't play bad, huh? No, the the Knicks didn't play bad at all. Obviously the first, first, second quarter, the Lakers really didn't start to get it going until the third quarter and, and getting, getting the sinking rhythm for themselves. But I I really, I really enjoyed the nice game. Yeah, I did too. I think the thing is Ocho, when you get Luca playing and I mean he's making some big shots, I'm sure he's not as consistent as he's liked to be, but 32, 12 7 4 stills, four made threes. LeBron was 31, 12 8, 1 block 11 of 23, the Lakers will won eight game through row. Hey Charles, we talking about the Lakers again. Of all the people that know Charles knows what sports are about.

(10m 3s):
Sports are about stories. Now you tell me what's the better story? Luca Don's getting traded, arguably the biggest trade in NBA history during the season. Right. And LeBron James at age 40 playing this way or OKC and the Cavs. It's about stories. What's the more compelling storyline, right? Right. How many times you see the Paper League, if, if the Lakers and Luca play the calves and OKC play what store and Luke and them do what they do, what you think they leading with. It's always been like this. The same reason they always led with Michael Jordan. No matter what anybody else did, that was the lead.

(10m 44s):
He was the more compelling story. Ocho that's how sports goals always listen. That's why Ojo, You know what, this is why they have announcers because they're telling you a story. If not, you can just watch the game. Why you need to hear because they're painting a picture for you. Me, You. Oh Yeah. That's what they do. Go ahead, Ojo. Now I I was gonna tell you, listen, listen, there are three teams, You know, in, in order, in order to catch a beef you gotta have some honey. And the honey is a Lakers, the Cowboys and the Yankees. Yeah. And it, it will always be that way. It's now there are, there are other teams, there are other stories, but the stories will never be that of the Lakers, the Yankees and the Cowboys for some reason.

(11m 28s):
And, and how long, how long? I I just, honestly, you would know better than I have. How long have they always been the go-to? When it comes to the story? The, the Celtics, excuse me. The Yankees have been since the twenties when they had they Ruth and Yeah, since the twenties there you realize, where do you think the pin strike Yankee pin strike Hold On, put in suit. 1920s. The Twenties. Yes. Yes. That's how long the Yankees have been in the lexicon. You look at the great players and they win championships. When you got Babe Ruther, you got Lou Gary and you got Mantle and you got Barer. And you got Diaggio. Yeah. Why the board?

(12m 9s):
Yeah. And then you, and then you come to the seventies and you get Reggie Jackson and you get Guidry and you got Thurman Munson and you got Mariana Rivera and you got Derek Jeter and you got Jose Boada and then you get Arod. This is, and now you got Aaron Judge. That's the way it is. And the Lakers go back, look at the Lakers. They were in these battles in the sixties. First of all, it was the Minneapolis Lakers that went five straight with Great George Mic, who was the first big man. And then you get the battles with the Celtics and the La Lakers in the sixties. And then you get the Celtics, I mean, excuse me, the Lakers in the seventies. Now they only won one championship. They lost to the Knicks twice. They won sandwiched in between 71, they lost 72, they won 73, they lose again.

(12m 53s):
And then you get the eighties with the Showtime Lakers, right? And you got Kareem and you got Magic and you got Worthy, you got Wilkes, you got Macadoo come on. And then you get Shaq and Kobe. And then you get Kobe again. And now you got LeBron, you had LeBron and Ad and now you got LeBron and Luca. Yeah. Now the, the, the Cowboys haven't had the, haven't had the superstar like these teams have had. I mean you gotta go away. You gotta go back to the nineties when you dealing with Troy Emmett and the triplets, they've had very good players. They've had Hall of Fame players. Larry Allen, you got DeMarcus Ware dance. Had a season or two CDs playing well, but not like, not like what the Lakers and the Yankees truck.

(13m 36s):
When you talk about the Lakers and the Yankees and what they tro out there compared to what the Cowboys have tried out, they'll say just the last 25, 30 years it's been different. Different. But the Lakers, the Lakers played extremely well too. They played, they got up to a great start then they had that loyal in the second, had a little loyal in third. They got it close Brunson had it going. And the thing is what makes him, he got that Herky jerky style and he's left-handed and he's, he's he, he's crafted that James Harden how to make you file him, make it look like you file him even if you didn't file him, because he'll play his body. But he's tremendous at getting to the basket. And he got that heavy, he got the step back. And so you gotta honor that 'cause he can shoot the three, he got the mid range.

(14m 19s):
You can put the ball on the floor and get all the way to the rim. Even though he doesn't play above the rim, he can get to the rim and he can get you to foul him. Yeah. So he played really well. Kat struggled today. Kat did not have a good game. He rebounded the ball, but he didn't score well. OG took up a lot of the slack for him. OG Nobie had a, had a, a really good game, especially shooting the three. Now he missed some late that he wished he had had like, could have saved some of those that he made earlier and saved these for later. But it doesn't really work like that. But I think you really have to be impressed with the Lakers who saw this. Nobody saw this trade. It's the biggest trade in NBA history. No player Luca Dante's age have ever been traded that didn't want to be traded.

(15m 2s):
Kareem wanted to leave Shaq left on his own volition. You don don't trade 25 year, five time all NBA selections a team that he just led his team to the finals. He was in the fi he was in the Western conference finals just two years prior to that. Those guys don't get moved without them wanting to get moved. That would've been the equivalent. You trading a bird, you're trading a magic, you're trading a Michael Jordan because that's what Luca is. And then now he didn't have the championship like the, like a, a bird And Magic had Jordan didn't win until later in his career. Like I think year seven or what? He went 91. So he came in 85. So seven years, seven year eight Bird and Magic got started right away.

(15m 44s):
Magic won his rookie year. Bird won his second year. Yeah, but you're talking about a guy that was a five time all NBA selection, a rookie of the year of finished a couple times in the top three in MVP votes and that guy got moved. Yeah, that's a story. And now you have to, if Patrick Mahomes or Joe Burrow got moved, you don't think we gonna talk about that ocho Lamar Jackson gets moved. You don't think we gonna talk about that? Don't Joe? Absolutely. But now you can get a better understanding and and better context for those that are Dallas fans on why they so upset. Oh yeah. Or why they so upset, why they're so pissed off at Nico Harris. Not only that Harris. Yeah. The trade happened and You know, those that you have in place, you, you trade for ad you still got Irving Ki Irving is still bot's office.

(16m 25s):
So you're hoping, You know, AD can come in and kind of offset and counter, You know, the trade by being productive and doing some of the things that Luca was doing. Obviously maybe not to that extent because they're completely two different type of players in general, but he gets her. Yes, yes. Now Kyrie goes out. Well hell now everything's really basically down the drain. So now you've done the trade and you see what Luca's doing. Yeah. Yeah. How you think he feeling? How you think they feeling over there? Oh, it's terrible. I mean it couldn't just ocho remember we said couldn't, it couldn't get any worse. Remember we talked about that the other night? That was before Kyrie. We know the extent of Kyrie. We saw him go out and we like, well damn, they make this trade. Everybody's upset.

(17m 5s):
The guy that they're trade for him, he's playing great in 27, 28 minutes. He's got 26 and 13. So he's playing unbelievable. He gets hurt. The guy that's supposed to keep them afloat until ad returns, he gets hurt and is more serious than they previously thought. 'cause now he's gone for the season and he might not be back until after the new year in 26. So now you looking at and, and, and the Dallas fans are looking like, hold on, wait a minute. You traded for a guy. Last year was really the only year that he's really, I mean LA this year is really the only year that he's been hurt ocho. Right? Y'all make it seem like the man been like Ben on Zion Williams' schedule.

(17m 45s):
He has not been on Zion Williamson's schedule. He hasn't missed 200 games. He hadn't missed 300 games. Yes, he's missed games this year. But I mean, I mean, just imagine Michael Jordan broke his foot in year two and the Bulls like, You know what? We gonna trade him. That's what the nick, that's that's, that's exactly what the Mavs fans are saying. What you saying? That's Exactly right. That's exactly what they're thinking. That's crazy though. That's crazy, man. I mean just this, this, when you think about it, when you think about it, how got, oh, beer and hookah. Oh, we feel you Lazy. Yeah. They call the man hookah. Don hookah Luca, Are you seeing, are you seeing what I'm seeing tonight?

(18m 30s):
You saw I tonight? Yeah, he's up. Look bro, he's, what Are we what are Talking about? Can scored all three le Oh Joe, you watched him tonight. He could score at all three levels. He, he, he, the the difficult shots look routine. I mean he, he's as bad a shot taker maker as we have there. There are very few guys that can take like off balance shots falling out bounds off one legs off and you like Off one leg. Yeah. For most, for most players, that's a bad shot. There's no bad shot for Luca. There's no bad shot for stuff because they make those shots look routine. And now he has somebody that he doesn't always have to facilitate because he can hand the ball off to LeBron and LeBron can run the offense and go get his shot.

(19m 16s):
Or if both of those guys get tired, they can pass the ball off to Austin Reeves. He can go facilitate, get everybody else involved, create his own shot. Yep. So they have three guys and they're playing really good defense. They're doing a great job of swarming. They got really good perimeter players and Vanderbilt and, and Dorian Finney Smith, Gabe Vincent is good on ball defender. He's a little undersized, but he's scrappy. But they got guys and don't connect knocking down shots. He's coming back. He's like, Hey, it is what it is. Yeah, they wanted to move on. I felt some type of way, but now I'm back. Let me go ahead and make the bow and let them know I can be a valuable piece to this train and what we're trying to accomplish. So give JJ Redick a ton of credit because I know a lot of people, Hey, I was, I was one of those people like, damn, I know you can talk the game, but can you coach it?

(20m 2s):
Yeah. Yeah. How You playing? I mean, You know, you never know it from coaches either. Even though you play the game doesn't mean you can coach it. Right. Even though you can, it doesn't mean you can coach it. You know, being able to get the players to obviously resonate with you and buy in is completely different then the latter. And he, he's done well. And matter of fact, if they were losing, listen, if the link were losing, if things were shaky, what's the first thing people gonna say? They don't blame him. They, they gonna blame him. And I can't What, what's Coach's name from from Yukon that didn't wanna come? Oh, Not Yukon. Yeah. What's Yukon? Yeah. Yukon. Yeah. Hurley. Dan Hurley. Dan Hurley taking the job. You know, he, he should at least given us a shot or, or given us a chance.

(20m 45s):
I don't even think he actually wanted to come. I think he was just using that for leverage just to get him a contract at the UConn. But anyway, listen, leggins playing really well, man. I'm, I'm, I'm excited for 'em. They still need a big, they they, they still need a big if, if Jenny bus and, and Mr. Plink are really serious about being in contention, especially going into next year. They gotta give him a big, it is no different than Jerry getting number two receiver. If you really serious get your number two receiver, man, stop playing. Yeah. And, and Chad, y'all need to stop tripping because if coaching didn't matter, why didn't Shaq, why didn't Shaq and Kobe win before Phil Jackson?

(21m 26s):
Mm. If coaching doesn't matter. If coaching doesn't matter. What about Steph and Clay and Draymond? Darvin Ham had ad and, and LeBron Frank Bogle won with him. He didn't win no championship. Mm. So I'm trying to figure, I mean, coaching don't, doesn't matter. Look, I can understand you might not like somebody and maybe you think Darlingham got a fair trade, but I mean a fair, a raw deal. But if y'all don't think coaching matter, you're high. It absolutely matters. That's why they have coaches. If it didn't matter, they just send the team out there. Hey, you could save yourself somewhere between five and $20 million if you don't need a coach. Man, stop that.

(22m 6s):
Give people, give people the credit that they deserve. Yeah. JJ Reddit, you might not like him but give him credit. He's doing an unbelievable job with basically the same team.

(22m 19s):
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands page Of five. Dirk four page Is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.

(23m 14s):
It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(24m 15s):
Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and six time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather, McMahon, Amanda Blio, Otis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.

(25m 15s):
It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris Joining us. Ocho I, we're gonna get back, we're gonna get back to this in a minute, but joining us, I know it's late.

(25m 58s):
I don't know if he here in the A or he died in Miami. That's the biggest ball you ever saw. That's the homie Ricky Rose. What'd it do? What it do? Family. What it do? Fair. What's happening? My two brothers. What it do? Well, what it do baby? Everything good man? Everything good baby. You know we shining on this side, but it is late. I'm sorry we kept you up this late boss, but we had to get y'all here, man. Tell us what's going on. I know the car show is in June, but you got something happening before June. Tell us all about it. Most definitely the car show June 7th. But what we kicking off tomorrow and Louisville is the Millennium Tour. You better believe it. The Millennium tour. You know it's a lot of stars on the tour, but what made it exciting to me is me coming back out, bringing my new artist Nino Breeze back out to hit the Saints Tre songs or Ion Bow, wildly booy.

(26m 51s):
The list goes on Chuckie, y'all better rock with us. It's going to be special. Now Ron, lemme ask you this. When you go on, okay, you want to go on tour, right? How do you decide the artist that you wanna be on that, that you want to go on tour with you? How do you come, how do you like, okay, I want him, I want her, I want this, I want that. How do you decide that boss? Well, whenever I call the shots and it's my tour, it's usually somebody that I got a relationship with, gel with. And on the third act you might wanna throw something else out there just for the crowd that, which would be a different vibe. You know what I'm saying? Okay. Right? Yeah. So this right here, this is the Millennium Tour. This has been a legendary tour that's been going on for many years now.

(27m 34s):
And I felt it'd be good for me to come hit the stage. Nino Breeze, hit the stage. We do it big, close it out, put our jewels on, put our gear on five way. You know how we do that thing, You know what I mean? So it's gonna crazy city to city. Listen, boss man, we've been friends, man. It gotta be, we gotta be going on 20 years by now. We gotta be 20 years. Matt. Listen, you, you've always been known. I've been known to talk to, You know, in in our own personal conversation in your interviews, you're always dropping wisdom for the people that are listening. What's, what's the best financial advice you've ever received? Because you're one of the most savvy businessmen and you're very, very good with your money.

(28m 16s):
Because as an artist, I don't think people understand how difficult it is. And what you've been able to do and accomplish is maintaining longevity. You better believe it. Not getting it, not just getting it, but maintaining it long term. Man, please tell the people man, how you've been able to do it. Because not very many, as long as rap has been around, everybody hasn't been able to maintain longevity. Well, for Rose, it's really, it's the consistency. You know, I got my hands in 20 different things. Everything may not win as much as others and some may not win at all. But when you win, make sure you win big. When you ing something, you hold it up high everywhere you go.

(28m 57s):
That's why I love staying on tour, love going across the country. 'cause when I go, my brands go, my teams go and we rep all around the world, wherever we go. And that's how we do it. You know what I mean? Then when you come back home, buy you a little piece of land, they can make that car, but they can't by that corner. They gotta come see you to get that corner if you on that corner that we talking about. But Boss, if you think about it, boss music might have got you started. That might be your foundation, but that ain't where you make the most of your money at Boss. And that's what look at Hold Ho might have got started in music, but ho got a whole lot. He a billionaire because of something else.

(29m 40s):
It's definitely, that's what it is. The the music introduced us to the world. Now you gotta take it to where you want to take it to and you gotta earn it, but you gotta turn it all the way up. And as long as you stay solid, keep your fling, your face clean and you mean what you say? Yeah, both. When I look at you and I I I hear you talk man, and I like brothers that get in paper, but don't talk down about somebody else because a lot of times we have the propensity raw that we make a little paper or somebody make a little paper or more than us that we start to feel some type of way and we try to be negative towards that paper when we got, there's an opportunity and I told, I was telling, I was telling OCHO this the other day, 80% of the money that's in circulation has been printed since 2020.

(30m 26s):
So what that tell me, Ross, if they run outta money, they'll print some more. So he, if you boy get, if you boy getting all of it, don't worry about it. Just wait a couple days, they gonna go back to the factory, they gonna print some more for you. You already know. And we gonna make sure they keep printing us on a joke when come and when it come to us getting paper, we ain't talking down on nobody. Nope. This motivational purposes only. Whenever you see that jet fly in, you see that yacht pull up all that's the hard work. You see the fun times, you see the, the rewards, but you gotta see the grind. When you come to my story every morning you going to see, hear Rose preaching, let's go get it. Let's do something new.

(31m 6s):
You gotta get that piss out the back of that toilet. You gotta gotta get the ru off the side of mama house. It's 2025. We can't be bullshit, man. We going all the way up, man. Right? You don, You know that. Hey listen, you, a lot of rappers have now a lot of rappers, athletes in general, athletes as well that are retired, have gotten into sports ownership. You are huge advocate for, for our Miami Dolphins. Obviously if the Dolphins ever came up for sale, would you be interested in buying the Dolphins? Without a doubt. That's without a doubt. Yeah, That's without a, without a doubt.

(31m 47s):
And and if we make that happen, I throw in that in the water boy. You know what I mean? I throw that in. Hey Listen, check it. If if you were able, if you were able to be the takeover for Stephen Ross and you were able to be the gm, what's the first movie you'll make for your dolphins? You be, I I spend some money. We gonna spit at somebody. We gotta get somebody else to back up to. We love to. He's a amazing person. Amazing quarterback, right? But we just gotta make sure we get somebody behind him. We gonna do some few, we gonna do a few things on the defense. It's a few things we gotta do.

(32m 28s):
You know what I mean? For us to have that run, like y'all was just discussing that Lakers run. We gotta Yeah, Lakers run. We we need us some rings down here and we really deserve it as a true do fan. We really frustrated, homie. Listen, it's been a long time boy, It's been a long time. And I'm talking about this past season we was, we was all thinking and dreaming Super Bowl. Yeah. Oh yeah. XX High based on what we did last year. And I, and, and for those in the chat, they gonna say, oh, you played for the bands. I'm from Dade County. I'm from Liberty City first. You Better believe first Fan before I got drafted. You better believe it.

(33m 8s):
Mo lemme ask you this. I hope you, I hope you remember that song you did at the house. Chad, I still got your boots. Yeah, I, I remember I may have, I remember that. I may have to leak that Man. Let, let me know, let me know, let me know. I'm ready Boss. Lemme ask you this. You were talking about the grind, how you get up, but it seems like people forget the grind. I'm not talking about you because You know what you went through, but when they see the yards, they see the private jet, they see the whips, they like, oh, he did something, but they forget what Ross did. This is the byproduct, this is the finished product. But what about that 10, 15 year period that y'all didn't see Ross grinding? That y'all didn't see that struggle, that y'all didn't see me cleaning the cars, making $20 and do a little extra when I go get gas and put the fresh sand in inside of it.

(33m 57s):
You didn't see that. All you see is the after, but nobody sees the struggle or wants to believe that there was a struggle in order to get to the other side. Without a doubt. It most definitely was a struggle for Ricky Roseto 20 years before I got old. Nobody, You know, they didn't, they don't wanna recognize that all of the records I wrote for others. Imagine you having records that never work yet and you walk in the club and you hear something that you wrote and it's going crazy. Mm. But guess what? You stay down. We stay down. Right? Like, yo, it's so many, it's so many potential MVP players that's riding a bench. There's so many people who sitting down mad at themselves, oh man, I ain't gonna even go in.

(34m 39s):
Nah, I gotta get in the game and I gotta show everybody my value. And once I get in the game, I ain't gonna look back. And that's what we did. I tell mojo this all the time. I said, Ocho, you don't realize how much success you can have as long as you don't care who gets the credit. A lot of times I wanted, if if I can't, if it can't be done my way, rose the hell with it. I'm gonna, I'll blow it up if you won't let me drive the boat, I sink the whole ship. It's so funny. And, and, and now that you made it too off, you talk about when it comes to athletes or anyone that has any type of success, a lot of people are looking for instant gratification.

(35m 21s):
Not understanding the process that goes into it. Anything that you get right away, it never lasts. Ross, you'll probably remember you told a story long time ago, I had no idea how long it took, how long you was in the game before you even saw real money. Believe that How long you had needed to grind and get it together and actually get it before, I don't know, you might have been, might have maybe 8, 9, 10 years of the game until you actually saw some real money as an artist and was like, okay, okay, it's paying off. Oh man. And Everybody, everybody see the finished product, You know, the jewelry, the houses, the card and not understanding how long it even took to get to that point.

(36m 4s):
Oh, believe that it most definitely took a long time. And it, it's like when you doing it for love, you doing it outta passion. That right. It won't allow you to quit. Right? You gotta find a way to love whatever it is you doing. Even if you getting up and you shooting your content, two, three in the morning, you gotta get up and love it. They going to fill it in you, they going to see it in you. And that's what it was. It wouldn't allow me to quit. So after I got on, soon as I could do my first show for $200, $300, $500, that, that, that wasn't much. But that was progress for me. Yes sir. And it was more than enough to feed my love so I wouldn't stop.

(36m 46s):
And here we are right now and that's what happened when people ask me, Ross, man, gimme some advice. I say, find something that you're passionate about because that's what's gonna get you out of bed. That's gonna what what's gonna make you focus and and and lock in to do what you need to do in order to get done what you need to get done. Find, find your passion. Don't, well I, I think I wanna do this. Well see the me the minute you tell me you think you wanna do something, you're not passionate about it because what you're passionate about, you going do. Absolutely. And and You know You gonna win and you gonna win big when you passionate about it. Absolutely. Look, doing it, it's just like laying that outfit out that night before school.

(37m 30s):
Yeah. You gotta lay, you gotta lay the outfit out because you lay the, if you don put it out the night before, you might be rushing. You might wake up a little late bro and you might, hey you might not have the outfit. But at night before I laid that back out them Lee Jeans was crisp star, that Niagara star them. You put the socks in the shoes, you make sure they right. Yeah. So just in case, don't nothing get, Hey man, I'm ready, I'm ready. And when you get to school that next day, trust me, you are a different individual. Is gonna be priceless. Man, look here, I'll be so clean to person down in school. If a fly light on me, I cut his throat. You ain't got no business on me now. You know, I'm too clean to you for you laying your ass on me.

(38m 11s):
Hey bro, lemme ask this. Like when you, when you started this thing, obviously everybody knew you from the music, right? But you weren't satisfied with that because you felt that, okay, that's my foundation. People know me for this. But You know what, since y'all know me, lemme see if y'all wanna do business with the boss. Hey wig, stop. Get at your boy, at your boy. Get at your boy. I'm gonna tell you that's what Luca been doing. Yeah. Luca, I got around some right homies. He been eating the lemon peppers with that ranch dressing. Yeah, I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you. That's what it is, man. And once I went out, I did business once Wingstop seen it, checker seen it, all the other friends, Bugatti luggage, everybody else start falling in place.

(38m 55s):
I ain't dropping the ball. We doing potato chips. Let's do noodles. Okay, we did an amazing thing with wing stock. Let's take it to the next level. Let's create our own chicken that's coming next. Wow. Hey, how, how difficult, how difficult is it for, obviously you have to have some type of foundation, some type of background have to have some type of sex success behind you. But when it comes to, to working with brands of that magnitude, is it difficult to get involved with 'em? Well after you sustain, after you establish a certain amount of success, they can see your vision. When you go down and lay out, look, this the idea I got this what I wanna do.

(39m 37s):
I mean it, I love it. And besides like me, I bought my first franchise, went to my second, my third. You know, they sitting back watching, damn, when he going to stop he had 20, he had 25. Hey man, you understand? So they understand my book, You know, my passion, how hard we went and how, how amazing my team was. Yeah, understand. So once they understand and know you got the team, they gonna let you run with it. Especially if you really get money, that's what it's gonna come down to. Who gonna really wrap their brand and get some money? And I did them both. Well yeah, that, that, that's the color that people be looking at.

(40m 17s):
You know what I mean? Yeah. Black and white and you all that other stuff. But they count green. Oh, people could see green people might be colorblind rose, but they be colorblind. They're colorblind. But once that thing start coming, everybody get on the same pig. When that butter cattle start blue, that's all they come. They like, hey, give him another one. Hey, where you, where you want your next wing start, man, boss. Matter of fact, where you want your next 10? That boss. Let's go out, let's go to LA Texas baby. Hey boss. Look, we know you love cars. Lemme ask you a question. How did you decide to come up with a car show? Because I know you love cars.

(40m 57s):
You were telling me when I did the interview with you a couple years ago, you told me cards have always been your passion. Right? They always been my passion. I looked up one day, realized I was at close to 60, 70 cars. Damn. Yeah. I'm at the Promise land that was then. Yeah, I'm at the promise land. We at two, 250 plus acres and I find myself looking around then let's do this. Right? So yeah, we picked up the very first one and when I say the culture came out, the streets came out. The cars, the bikes, the trucks, the ladies, the hustlers, the athletes, Chad Ocho was out there riding horses all day.

(41m 42s):
I'm talking about they horseback ride. That's what made me think of doing the rodeo next. I'm like, yo, Hey, hey, if you do a rodeo, I'm riding the bull And You know what? I'm a Hey man, I'm riding the bull. I I'm, I'm, I'm gonna take the challenge right behind you. I'm gonna get on the bull too. Man. We riding the bull. Rose, rose, rose, rose. Whoa, whoa. I gotta stop you Rose. I saw you on the diving board. I I don't know if you can hit it. I don't know. I don't know if you can hit the ground because that water, the water soft in the No, I can't hit that ground. I'm gonna let You know right now. I can't afford that. Man. I got shows to do we on tour, man. This Yeah.

(42m 22s):
Yeah. You wait until the tour over boss. Let that tour be over before you do that rodeo. Listen man. All all right. I ain't gonna do the rodeo ocho, I'm gonna watch, but I'm gonna make sure we got, I got you, I got you the biggest bulls out there so we could goddamn watch a real performance. I'm ready. Hey, hey. I, I was at the car show. I, I'm supposed to be out there, You know, I enjoy myself and, and looking at a car, look at some ideas. Maybe if I, if I happen to wanna spend a little money Yeah. Mastering about three hours on the damn horses, man. Hey boss, lemme ask you this. What all day are, are some of those cars, do some of those cars be for sale? It's like this. I'm thinking about raffling, maybe raffling something off or maybe giving one away this year.

(43m 9s):
But all of mine, You know, I usually keep, I buy cars throughout the day of the car show. 'cause there's some homies come out who selling they cars. Right. And then certain situations, I just made a offer they couldn't resist. I done bought one for 50 quarter million. Let's go, let's run it 57 Bel Air convertible from the king. You love them Bel Air, you love that. 57, 55, you love them. Bel Air Ball 50 sevens, them 50 fives. I love them. 73 verts, them seven ones. That's that day county vibe as well. So, okay. I love my convertibles. I love my Chevrolets. You know what I mean? That's just how it go. And if somebody bring the right Chevy, I'm, I'm gonna take it off you, I'm gonna take it off your hair.

(43m 51s):
I'm gonna offer you. So you might, you, you mainly, I didn't see you mainly a Chevy guy. You mainly a Chevy guy. You ain't really big in the Mopars or anything like that, huh? No, I'm a Chevy guy. Then I love me a the Chevys then a, the Shelbys the must. Oh, oh, okay. Forward the Cobra. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Carol Shelby. Okay. Night. I, I rock would go in a major way, but that's how I usually go for me and it, I cut it off right after that. Ah, okay. That four 50. That 4 27 Cobra. You, you got a Cobra? Of course. Oh, you try. Oh, you got what? You got one boss? Man, I, I had to, I You know them Shelby's, I love them Shelby's. I was in one of my Shelby's today. Man. I love them.

(44m 30s):
I love them. I do. What you got Ojo? So Tour winning, tour kickoff Boss. The tour actually kicking off today. It's kicking off Louisville, Kentucky. Like I say the lineup next level, all the heavyweights, Omar Bow, wild Tre songs, ply, boosty, boosty, badass, Ricky Rose, Nino Breeze. We going all the way out this tour. I'm gonna enjoy it. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm gonna watch the homies do they thing. I know the lady's gonna be in the crowd. I'm gonna come out there and hit 'em with hits back to back. BBB Nino Breeze. Hit 'em ba give him another n no breeze ba I'm gonna give 'em another one.

(45m 13s):
Ba You know that's how we going to do it. We ain't even play. Hey Boss, I appreciate you staying. We appreciate you staying up night camp. Really Appreci you appreciate you staying up late. We know it's probably past your bedtime. The tour kicks off today. So, hey bro, thank you for your time. Y'all make sure y'all go check out the millennium tour with the boss. The biggest boss you ever saw, Rick Ross trade song Bow Wow applies Boosty badass Nino Breezy Nino Brey better believe it. This don't be crazy man. Y'all better pull up Louisville, Kentucky, get your tickets right now. Be there tonight. Ricky Rose. I'm gonna wear me one of them big coats coming out there.

(45m 55s):
Hey, appreciate that boss. Enjoy it man. We'll catch you down the road. Thanks for joining us. Y'all keep killing them man. Y'all Number one in the streets, Number one in the game. Number one in the world. Don't stop big man. Yes sir. Appreciate that. Yes sir. The biggest boss. It's too easy man, man, this, Hey man, that dude one of the greatest dude, man. He the same, the same on show. I hit that man, I hit that man in the dm. I said, bro, I need to holler at you by something. I need you to come on the podcast to a yeah, I, hell, it seems like he had his phone in his damn head because he a, he shot me his number, man, I hit him, boom, he has the phone.

(46m 36s):
I said, bro, man, I just want, I need you to come on the pod, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. And then boom, he's like, cool. And we been in touch. Hey, I don't care if I hit him, he might be out of town. He'll hit me back, Hey, out of town, honor, I'll be back such and such when he touched down, he on the phone. Hey, it's one thing about man, you gotta think, man, Ross and I, we, we, we've been Fran, I I'm talking about it might be 20, maybe 21 years. It's been a very, very, very long time. And when you talk about someone being thorough, you hear a lot of people talk about being real when you talk about somebody being consistent at the way they are and authentic. Yep.

(47m 16s):
Man, these, the definition of all that Yep. And has been since day one real, the definition of it, not putting on the act, not putting on the intent. Man. Man bro been the real deal man since day one he ain't changed and always been the same regardless of success. Yeah. And what he's been able to entertain always been straight up so as Dope. And You know what, Ocho Chad, y'all gotta let that go. Y'all keep on talking about this man. Ain't no rapper. The real Rick raws. He a correctional officer, bro. Y'all see what that man accomplished? That man got 250 acres. He got the biggest house in the state of Georgia.

(47m 56s):
He got one of the largest mansions in the southeastern United States. He owns 25, 30 wing stocks. Got his own, got his own spirits, bro. Y'all hating who, what y'all think they're doing? Y'all think that's stopping that man from getting money? Y'all look ridiculous. Y oh oh don't he a correctional officer? Oh, he did this. He ain't never been to jail. I mean, You know, really. I mean that's, that's a good thing. I Don't think people understand That's really a good thing. Y'all, y'all need to bro. Y'all need what? You heard me? Huh? I don't think people understand the end game, Whether you do it in the corporate world or Whether you do it in the streets.

(48m 36s):
Either way, the end goal is to be successful. Yes. The end goal is to always be successful. The end goal is not to be in the not to be locked up. Right? Their end goal is not to be six feet under. Yeah. They go prosper in whatever area it is that you wanna succeed in. That's their goal. People, people love to quit. Talk about money. Ain't everything. Try doing something without it. Shit. Oh, I want you, hey, try doing something without it. Well then why y'all scamming? Why y'all, why y'all doing all this bull drive? If money ain't everything, Hey, hey y'all be, hey y'all. Wait by a before y'all got, before they got direct deposit, y'all used to be standing outside by the mailbox waiting on the tax return.

(49m 20s):
Ocho, now they direct deposit. You ain't gotta wait no more because they put it right into your account. But y'all stop this man. Be support. Yeah, well I I, I wonder when you go back and study the history of Robert Downey Jr. And look at Yeah, don't, nobody, I guarantee you, when I see, when I go and I see Robert Downey Jr. Do talk, do bonds and stuff, I go look at the comments. Right? Don't nobody be saying what you did before. Some of these great actors had trouble past. Don't nobody be in the comment, but let a black person be on there and let us be it be us. Hey, one of the greatest comeback stories of all time is Robert Downey Jr.

(50m 2s):
I think people might not even remember. People might not even remember. Of course, people, If you own them, remember, Remember there have been some other ones that have had some great comeback stories. Lindsay Lohan, Lindsay Lo, listen, everybody isn't afforded the same type of grace. Stay with me now. Everybody's not affording the same type of grace, but I can tell you, but God has been good. Yes, Yes. He's okay. I my ocho I just look man, whatever the case may be, somebody pay they debt to society. Whether they have to pay a fine, whether they have to go to incarceration, once they pay they debt to society, what the judicial system has deemed appropriate for whatever act you have committed.

(50m 50s):
I, Yeah, I'm good with it. Yeah, I'm good with it. But You Know, You know, I gave up my black robe. I used to have a black robe about 30 years ago. Hell, I was a judge and wasn't even in the court. Yeah. But I had to let it go. Yeah. You know, You know how society is. People won't let, people will never let it go. Society will never let it go. And and obviously once you've gotten for forgiveness with the big man, yeah. Nothing else matters at that point. I I, I, I wanna see us get Mo Oh, I like when us, when we get money, oh man, I'm see man, I be, every time I see something that say, oh, black billionaire man, let me go, let me click on this link. Lemme see who up there. See who got added to see LeBron James and to see of Michael Jordan and to see Oprah and Ho.

(51m 34s):
And they got some guy in Nigeria. He were about 12, 14 billion. I be like, damn. Okay. What type I like that. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, what's possible to know what's possible because all I need to be able to do is see it because a lot of these people came from the same kind of beginnings that Shannon Sharp came from and they do it. Why can't I? I ain't gotta hate on them. I ain't gotta begrudge on them. Let me just find my lane and I'm gonna just go drive on down this road. Hey, try not to side swipe nobody. Try not to get sideswiped and keep it moving. Hey, I tell you what Ocho, I'm gonna look at it like this here.

(52m 14s):
I'm gonna aim for the stars, but if I land on the moon, I'm still pretty damn high up You right where you need to be, right where you need to be

(52m 25s):
Kicking off. The tour starts in Louisville, Kentucky on March 7th, 2025 stops with major cities, Atlanta, Chicago, New York and LA Tickets are on sale now@bpctickets.com. That's bpc tickets.com.

(52m 41s):
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five, Dirk four page is Elite. Okay. Okay. I'm mad on, I left 'em off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes, that's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just the shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like So you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE Greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(53m 37s):
It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always Quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do, provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe and Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(54m 37s):
It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made

(54m 58s):
of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to save Woman Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads, Brads and Chads. Yeah, it's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap, tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet please with me and Kira and iHeart Women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports

(56m 12s):
Ocho. Back to the tonight's game. Luca at LeBron. Yeah, Luca, 32 points. 12 assists, seven rebounds, four steal four made threes. LeBron James, 31 points, 12 rebounds, eight assists one block as the Lakers win the eighth game in a rope. I had the stance right here. Ocho, I'm looking at Dory. LeBron had 31. Jackson Hayes only had three. He had eight points. Officer Reed struggle shooting tonight, but hey, he missed the last couple games with that Cal, but Don and Gabe Benson gave you 23 points off the bench and 22 or less minutes. That's what you need because look, LeBron's going, LeBron's gonna give you what he's gonna give you.

(56m 52s):
Luca's gonna give you what he's gonna give you. And most nights Austin Reed's gonna be somewhere between 15 and 20 points. Those two guys, those, the, the the big three, that big three is gonna give you somewhere ocho between 50 and 70 points, right On average. That's what they'll give you. Now I need to get, I need to get 45 50 from everybody else, from the other eight guys, right? So, Gabe, Vincent, can you gimme eight to 10 Connect, can you gimme somewhere 10 to 12. Jackson Hayes. I need some LOBs I don't need, but I don't need eight to 10 points on LOBs. Dorian Finn Smith. I know you can get hard from three and hit a couple of threes.

(57m 32s):
That's 10. Hey Vanderbilt, get a couple of put backs, get a clay roll dive to the basket. We'll get you couple and get in a dunker spot. Dunk at home. But the Lakers are playing really, really well. They're playing with a lot of confidence. Now. We're about to find out a lot. Ocho, they go on the road, they got Boston. Oh, they got, they got Milwaukee, they got the nuggets. Hold on. This not back to back is are you just saying who they have on the Road? No, no. I I think they got, I think they got Boston, the Nets, Milwaukee, the Nuggets. Then Phoenix, if I'm not mistaken. You know what? Matter of fact, I have a question.

(58m 12s):
If they, if they're playing Boston, if, if that's the game that's coming up next. I got a little time. Yeah, it's on Saturday night. It's, it's, it's a primetime game. Okay. If it's on Saturday night, how much do you think the court side tickets are in Boston? I, I'm, It's a rivalry game and it's LeBron and Luca. See, it's not, it's, it's about who's playing. Who are they playing against. Now, if you go want to see the Bulls or you wanna see Orlando or somebody like that, okay, but if you trying to, So you telling me, don't you basically telling me don't go, just stay on. Oh, it's, it is gonna cost you, it's gonna cost you a grip because it's last minute by 2000. Because a lot of times people sell, a lot of times people sell tickets so they'll be able to buy, so they'll be able to buy the season tickets next year.

(58m 58s):
So I I can get what? 1500, 2000? No, there gonna be more than that. O Joe, that's a primetime game on a Saturday night, bro. Everybody gonna be there. Everybody wanna be seen. This ain't no, this ain't no regular Tuesday night game. This is a primetime Saturday game on a b, c, the big dogs are out. Mike bring bang. I mean, think about it. The Celtics are resting their entire team today to get ready for the Lakers on Sunday. Al Horford was out. True holiday was out. Pingus was out. Jalen Brown was out. Remember the other night? Jason Datum this Saturday? Yeah, they played Saturday. Oh, I'm sure.

(59m 38s):
Wait, I'm way Dr. My bad. Oh, And if you think about it, Ocho last night, Derrick White and Peyton Prichard went off. Peyton Prichard had 43. Derrick White had ni had 41, they made 19 combined. Threes the most three he's ever made in the game. That crazy. Two teammates. And it's the first time two Celtics. Think about the great Celtics players have had 40 points in the same game and it was Peyton Pritchard and, and, and Derrick White that did it. That's that's crazy. Imagine. So it's gonna imagine if Pritchard Pritchard to Derrick White consistently played like that night in the night out.

(1h 0m 21s):
I mean, I mean, I know it's difficult to do it, But when you look at it, mojo, that's what I tell people. People be asking that. Oh man, that little, that little white, that little white dude. Oh, he bust your ass. All right. Every time That man got 43, that man got 43 points in the NBA game 43. And that's what I tell people all the time. The worst guy in the NBA is closer to LeBron James and Michael Jordan than you are to him. Yeah. Let, I'm gonna say that again. The wor the guy at the end of the bench is closer to a great player in the NBA than you are to him. But You know what's funny now that you say that when people watch the game of basketball from home, they always hold other players to the highest standard to the best that they've ever played.

(1h 1m 10s):
Yeah. And that, that's why they talk trash when they talk trash about players that are in the NBA, they can, they're, they're using it in comparison to those that are the greatest at what they do. Yeah. So that, that, that's where the, the mis the mis the miscommunication and misconception comes from where they talk about NBA players thinking, well, hey, think, oh, I can go out there and do that. The the hair. Yeah, please man. Look, I just felt that when they came in, okay, how's Luca and LeBron's gonna play? Luca needs to have the ball in his hands because LeBron can play off the ball better than Luca. Right? LeBron can dive to the basket. You can put LeBron in the dunker spot and he can get it.

(1h 1m 50s):
And LeBron is, can catch and shoot. And if you notice, LeBron says he's been working on catching and shooting because he know LeBron Luca can penetrate dish out and he has to, he's gonna have to knock those shots down. But he could also, Hey, Luca starts to penetrate. He dives to the basket, Luca passes off, he dunks it or lays it up. So when Luca on the ball, LeBron trusts him because he's the closest thing to himself that he's ever played with. That's not a knock on D Wade, that's not a knock on Kyrie or any ad or any of the other players. But at this juncture, LeBron trusts Luca more than he's ever trusted any other player because Lu can do a lot of the things that LeBron can do.

(1h 2m 33s):
No other player that he's played with has been able to do that, could score the basketball. Like he could assist the basketball. Like he could rebound the ball like he could, right? Lucas could do all those things. If you look at Luca's numbers, they're better across the boards board at the same point in time in their careers, Luca's averaging more points, more rebounds, and more assists. Now he's not shooting the percentage because Lu could take a lot, Luke could take a lot of bad shots, what we think are bad, but he's gonna make, he's gonna make his fair share and break your heart. But if you looking at the, you, you, you, you look at this OCHO and you're like, okay, you look around the league and you say duos, JTJB, Tatum and Brown.

(1h 3m 14s):
Yeah. You look at Shaa and Ja and Jalen Williams, I'm trying to think of other duos. You wanna say D Fox, Darius calling Darius, Gardner, Donovan, Mitchell. Mitchell. Lemme ask you this. If I give you your choice, what duo you taking over LeBron and and Luca Right now? The way they playing? Yep. Right now What? Nobody. What about Murray? Murray and Joker? No, I'm not saying I'm taking 'em, I'm just mentioning them as well. They, they know what we talking about. Yeah. I ain't taking Nobody though. I think that might be the only one. I mean, But what about Gianni? Gianni and Giannis and We gotta, Hey, they got, they, and look, they played together, but for 14, I think they probably played about 12, 14 games together.

(1h 4m 1s):
Ocho and you look at the d the, the, the, the, the duos that you mentioned, JBJT, Giannis and Dame. You look at Sha and, and Jalen Williams, right? Who else, who else you mentioned? Oh, Murray and Yolk. Yeah, LeBron. LeBron are right there. LeBron and Luca right there. I mean they, they they, they different right now, man. Yeah. At the, the way they're playing it different. We're gonna find out, we, Hey, guess what? We getting an opportunity to see those duos. We'll get an opportunity to, to see Luca and LeBron and against JT and jb.

(1h 4m 43s):
We're gonna find out it ain't we. We, that's what I like. Hold on, hold on. Yeah. Mark Cuban. Our next topic guys. Mark Cuban breaks his silence, don't you? In the Dr He think he gonna know, he in the Dr He, we know he ain't take that baby by himself to the Dr did he? Chad, did he Chad, that ain't none of my business. I don't even know why I brought it up. Mark Cuban breaks his silence on the Luca trade. Let's take a listen though. His comments on the Luca trade Ocho. Was your son upset about the trade? Yeah. I mean, were you Yeah, of course. Yeah, yeah, of course.

(1h 5m 25s):
And I've said this before, if you're, You know, if the Mavs are gonna trade Luca, that's one thing, just get a better deal, You know? No, no disrespect to Anthony Davis, but You know, get three. If, if I still firmly believe if we had gotten four unprotected number ones and Anthony Davis and Max Christie, this would be a different conversation. I agree. Listen, I get more. Yeah, I, I agree. But what more can you do? Huh? First? What? More? There was nothing else. Nothing Else. Ocho think about this. Mm. The Timberwolves gave up four unprotected picks and pick swaps for Rudy Gobert.

(1h 6m 5s):
Would you rather have Rudy Gobert and Luka Don You right. You right. In comparison to that, yes. I think like they, it feel like they, they just wanted to get, get even gone. That's why I don't understand. Based on what you get on the court, how was whatever was going on off the court that goddamn that bad, that bad beer, hookah, lazy, the way you interact, antisocial. What are we talking about here? You paid me to do one thing. Be productive. You took him to the, to the NBA championship last year. Western Conference finals last year. What are we talking about?

(1h 6m 47s):
Yeah, man, please. Right, right baby. I know what you call it. My look. Do I fake, do I fake? Mark Cuban's never making that trade? Oh, Absolutely not. Mark, mark Cuban is never ever making that trade. He's made it abundantly clear. He had, he had his replacement for dirt, right? He had dirt. 20 seasons. He was gonna have Luca as long as he could have it. He wasn't get rid of it. And that's what happens though, Joe, when you sell your company and you keep the minority shares right? When they do things, they don't need your input. Now Would you, would you trade, would you trade Luca baby?

(1h 7m 29s):
Yeah. You say, yeah, I gotta get him up outta there. You trade him. Trade Luca, You know, oh, Joe, Michael Thompson, who was the Number one overall draft pick many, many years ago, who also happened to be the father of Clay Thompson spoke on ESP n Radio about Clay's situation in Dallas. He thought with Luca and Kyrie that they had a chance to get back to the finals. Obviously Luca left and I told him, well, when eighties coming, you still got a chance to get to the finals because 80 is that good. Then he's hurt. And then Gaffer got hurt and then Lively got hurt. So yeah, clay is stuck in purgatory right now. And if they hang on to the Tennessee, that'll be the story of the year in the NBA because I don't think they're gonna lose 10 in a row.

(1h 8m 11s):
OII Honestly, without carry, who's gonna score? I'm just trying to figure out where are they gonna get, where are they gonna get enough scoring for from on a nightly basis to win ocho? Oh, they gonna win some games? Yeah, they, they, I mean, I think you can hustle and win some games game, but when you play playing, playing superior teams, I, I just don't see it. I just don't know where they're gonna get the scoring from. I don't, oh, he said no, that'll be the story of the NBA because I think they're gonna lose 10 in a row.

(1h 8m 51s):
So he thinks they're gonna lose 10 in a row. I think so too. Dip dip. Because no, I mean, it's hard. I mean, when you think about it, who really can go create their own shot then with is like, okay, he kinda hit or miss. But that's not what Clay does. Clay is catch and shoot. Clay likes to come off picks, they Clay needs somebody. Get him open, get rid who, who, who can go create their own shots. When you look at this team who, who can create their own shots, who can go really facilitate on a nightly basis and have success creating opportunities for someone else? I I I don't see it happening.

(1h 9m 31s):
No. Joe, the Lakers, Maverick Spurs and Heat are expected to pursue Kevin Durant in the off season. Yep. Ocho, where do you wanna see Kevin Durant laying? Wait, say those teams again. Lakers Maverick Spurs heat, You know what K is on? I I don't wanna say backing of his career because he Did that me joined internet.

(1h 10m 12s):
Oh, okay. On the field. I'm not sure. Can you hear me? Yeah. You, you you faded in and out. Hey, I froze. Yeah. I think me Personally, me itally this, this wifi and Dr. Yeah, if you look at it Ocho the heat, I don't think, I don't think Kevin Durant had a chance to go to the heat many years ago. He didn't go hearing the stories about taking cookies from LeBron hearing stories about how he treated Jimmy, Kevin Durant don't strike me as a guy that, that wanted to be in that situation. Right? So now the Spurs, I think it's a two horse race.

(1h 10m 53s):
I think it's the Mavs and the Lakers. And the question is, what does the Mavs have to give up? They got that first round pick. They probably got their own first round pick. I'm trying to think about the other players because obviously you pair Kyrie ad and kd, oh, you got something, you got, you got the potential to have something special. You got all three guys that can score. You got an ad can protect the back end. You probably need another, probably another a perimeter defender because that's the problem that the, the sons have, right? That's the, that's the problem. The son, the Brooklyn had, they had guys that can score, but who could stop somebody from Score Phoenix?

(1h 11m 34s):
They got guys that can score, who can stop somebody from score. So you Don So you don't like him to the Lakers then? I like him to the Lakers. I just don't know what the, I don't know if the Lakers have Enough assets Enough to satisfy the sons. Considering what the sons gave up to get him. They gave up that young nucleus to get him. So now wait, they're gonna want those four first round pigs, unprotected pigs back. I don't that I don't know. I don't know. I just don't, I just, I I don't see the heat because like I said, he had an opportunity to go to the heat long time ago and he didn't go. And I'm sure the stories that's coming out about Pat, that's what practice you don't understand.

(1h 12m 18s):
Mm. Bro. People, you not, people not gonna let you just make, and first of all, they weren't your damn cookies. But I, I wish, I wish Coach Jim take something from me that I brought That's my and tell about what please, I'm gone. Right? Don't, first of all, I don't know how they do it at, at, at most people job, but You know how we do. But you don't play with nobody, fool. Not nobody that look like us. But I don't know where your, I don't know where your hands been and you ain't buy a damn thing in that bag. Boy, please. You know what, who I wish, You know what, what they kind of black folk, there's three things you don't play with black folk.

(1h 13m 1s):
Family money and their kids, they fool. Actually they food. I mean, I meant to say, oh Yeah, I don I don't play about that, don't you? No, don't, don't do, don't do that. Don't do that. Nah man, don't do that. So, but like I said, I, I think it's the Lakers and the Mavericks. But at the end of the day, he want, obviously he wants to go to a contender. Obviously the Lakers with Luca and LeBron are contenders. The Mavs, if they get a ad comes back healthy. Kyrie Kyrie probably not gonna come back to the beginning of the year, right? 26. But we'll see how that goes. Spurs. You got Wendy, you got D Fox, Darren Fox, you got Stefan Castle, you got Vassel, you got Kelvin Johnson.

(1h 13m 48s):
I mean, you got nice, nice little corn over there. But I don't see Kevin Direct, I don't see KD in, I don't see him in San Antonio Ocho. I don't. Got it. So with that being said, Maverick, I like the Mavericks, I like the Lakers, but hey, at the end of the day, son's gotta get the best package they can. They ain't gonna, they ain't finna do no Luca. Yeah, The Volume

(1h 14m 12s):
Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five Dirk four Paige is Elite. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I Love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 14m 42s):
What's up everyone? It's Greg Rosenthal and I'm teaming up with the King of Spring Daniel Jeremiah. He requires me to say that we're gonna be bringing you forties and free agents. The only podcast you'll need this NFL draft season from DJ's Mock Drafts to my top 1 0 1 free agents. We'll have it covered for you with all new episodes every Thursday, keeping you up to date. As we head to the NFL draft, listen to forties and free agents starting on March 6th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 15m 13s):
What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 15m 45s):
Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and right at night and after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.