
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champion league is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion league match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out bose.com.


Stay foreman. DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle These situations in stride and, and you of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment


Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ooo because they save you money. Ooo, makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks The. Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house.


Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


No fall then. It ain't your fall. Hey y'all appreciate y the biggest, biggest four in the world. D DJ Fall. Let's Go. Come on, have a seat. Have a seat, have a seat. Let's Do it. Whatever you wanna sit, wherever you wanna sit. How you doing? I'm good, I'm good, I'm Good. I don't know if people know this, but you're from the seaport. You grew up about three outside of here in Savannah, Georgia. Yeah, Most there. Most there. rrp camouflage. That's what we do with the Sea Poll. Lemme ask you this, how do you balance the two? Because obviously you're good at this rap game, you play basketball at an elite level. What's the schedule? How do you find time to, because basketball, you are on a basketball scholarship.


Yeah. And but you still, this is your passion also, right? So how do you balance that? I mean, it is hard, but I mean it's not impossible, right? You just gotta, it's just time management. But I know in the summer I gotta take full advantage of my time in music. You know what I'm saying? So I just try to go full throttle while still working out and trying to get better in the off season because like during the season, coach Mokey like, all right, this is my time. You know what I'm saying? That was kind of, that was kind of our like, you know, that was kind of our deal deal. Like, you know, you give me everything you got in the season, in the summer, I'm gonna let you rock and do your music. So yeah, Tell us the story. I saw you over in at Cannes and you was telling the story that you had a concert one night.


Yeah. You had to do the concert. Yeah. But you had to fly back, got back early in the morning. You were sleepy, you was tired, but you know, you had to get it because Coach Mulkey was going to be on your, you know, what had you not. Yeah, no. So what happened was Rod wave, he gave me the, like, the chance to open up for him in Atlanta. So we had a game that night, the next day after games, we always have off days. So I flew to Atlanta on my off day and then I drove back seven hours to go to br. Right. And like I'm already knowing it's a stigma of like, nah, she can't do both for real. Like, you know what I'm saying? So I don't even wanna give people a thought to even be like, oh, she came to practice and she was tired. Nah, when I came to practice I was like bouncing off the walls for real.


Like, because I knew that I had to come in and kill, you know what I'm saying? And I was the first one in the gym last one out, like always. So, I mean my, my, my mindset, you know what I'm saying? I think it's more mind over matter. I think your mind can make you do things that your body sometimes won't allow when you determine. And that's how I feel like I work all the time. You know what, we all have dreams as when we are growing up as kids. Obviously my dream, I wanted to be an NFL player. One of your dreams I'm sure is to play in the WNBA. Yeah. Will you continue to your path as far as how, how, how do, how, how do I wanna word the right way Actually wanting to rap as well and be able to balance both at the, at the highest level.


Yeah. I think it'll be easier, honestly, because, you know, I, I don't have as much commitment. Yeah. Like, oh my gosh, what school you got? You got school first of all, then you got tutoring sessions and all of that, and then you got weights and then you got all the other, you know, requirements, practice of the athlete, practice, everything. So I think it'll be easier, you know what I'm saying? To be able to build my schedule and how I wanna do, my goal is to like play an arena during the day and then sell out that same arena at night, like playing basketball. So That's my, that what I'm talking about. That's, you have to work that out with the coach. I don't know if she gonna be going for that one. She better go Flau. You just dropped your project called Best of Both Worlds in July.


It is a nine song studio ep. What was your process? Have you, have you always wanted to do an album? Well, yeah, it's a, it's a EP and not really album, you know, I want to save the album title for when I do my big one. Okay. But yeah, I mean just putting together a, a body of work. You know what I'm saying? That's always been a goal of mine and like, you know, having Lil Wayne on it was just like, I knew I needed that big stamp, that big cosign, right? Right. Like this girl, she dropped a project. Okay, it's cool. Like she go to LSU, that's a vibe, but like when you got Lil Wayne on it, it kinda hold some weight, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And so it was just important for me to put that out. And the title was important because it was just like, I really got the best of the worlds, you know? When did you realize that you could rap?


When I was on America's Got Talent, I was on America's Got Talent when I was about 14 and I got the golden buzzer and like Simon Cowell came to the back and he was like, you know, one day you could be a superstar. And I'm like, but I'm like, that's Simon Cowell. Like he don't even like singers for real. Like, so him, him telling like a young black girl that she can, like he see some type of superstar power in her that kind of just, you know, just gave me the confidence that I could do it. 'cause like right before America's Got Talent, I was on the rap game with Jerma Dupre and I lost. And so that was like when I lost that, I went into my room and I just wrote all day. Right. And then America got Talent call and I was ready for the opportunity and I got that, that validation that I kind of needed as a 14-year-old. Right.


And ever since then, nobody could tell me nothing. For sure. Who is, who are some, who are some of the artists as you continue to grow in your career, who are some of the artists, female artists or male that you would like to collab with? Man, I'm like, I wanna be like, I don't wanna just do rap. Like I have a RB project out. I don't know if y'all heard that. It's called For The Lovers. Y'all go listen to that. It's dope. But I wanna work with like Adele, like I said, I wanna work with Rod Wave, I wanna work with Meg. It's a lot of people I wanna work with. Keani, siz, a lot of different people in the industry, but people really love the craft. Like, that's who I wanna work with. Like, that's laugh. That's laugh. You've already won a national championship.


So what would, what would mean more to you winning a Grammy in rap or winning A WNB? A title? Mm Ooh that's a good one. I think. I think being, I've done that being a being, being an Olympic gold medalist. Oh, you wanna be on, okay, 20 what? 2028. 28. 28, okay. Yeah. I think, and don't, don't, don't, you know, the WNBA that was like the best players in the world to me. But I think like, you know, when I had, when I sat down on my podcast with Lea Copper, she was telling me like, that's elite. You know, playing the best players in the world and saying that you one of the best in the world. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like that's dope. But that Grammy is something that's, it's, it's special to me only because I got into music because of the man on my shirt, my dad.


So, you know, I always felt like music was our bond and you know, he was, he was murdered before I was born and I felt like, you know, his legacy got cut short and it was always like my job to continue the legacy and make sure people know his name. And so getting that Grammy would kind of just be like that, that way to just cement his legacy. I like it Off season. What is Flau jy working on? What is she doing to improve her basketball game? Yeah, for me this off season, I mean I've been working on a lot, but like I keep getting better. Like it's crazy, like it like, you know, just, you know, the process of getting you seeing that leap you take. Yes. Like from my freshman to my sophomore year, I took a beautiful leap and you know, it was more so my confidence.


And then this year I just learned that it's more, it's like 90% mental and 10% physical. Right? And, but, but it's just been getting my cardio together, just getting my ball handling together and just being more consenting consistent on my shooting. I think I've become a, a better, a smarter player just watching film. But for me it's like been my cardio just been working on that. 'cause last year I feel like I was kind of outta shape. Like, and I, like, I'm a freak athlete so my endurance just my, my energy carries me. But I still feel like fatigue. I don't wanna feel like that. Like, 'cause I play both sides of the ball and I wanna be, you know, I wanna be de defensive player this year. Defensive player of the year to year as well this year. So I'm gonna have to be in immaculate shape to do both. Can I ask you this?


You won the national championship, you guys beat our Yeah. The next year you guys came, come back and you play them in the semifinals, right? And you face Kaitlyn Clark again. Was there a difference between her and the national championship game in which you guys won and the semifinal games in which you guys lost? No, she's the same player. I feel like a player like Kaitlin, you can only contain her. It's not like, no, we finna make her score 10 points this game. Like that's not gonna happen. You know what I'm saying? But it's just like, I feel like our team the year before was just more equipped like, you know, I think deal with her. Yeah. And we had the more of a strategy. We had like a, you know, a better, like a fuller roster. We were had a deeper bench. Like our bench won that championship game for us that first year.


You know what I'm saying? It wasn't even really the starter. So I think, you know, we needed more depth And, we didn't have that. But I, I feel like we, we gave it all we had. But this year you back, you know, we coming different, you know, I wish Clark was still here, but she's going dominating the league now. So you know, this next year, you know, we're coming for it. For sure. If you think about what you're doing with rap, what you're doing with basketball outside of that, what do you like to do? Do you gotta have something that you enjoy that you would consider? I don't consider you rapping. I don't consider that a hobby. Yeah. That is something that you can do as a profession, right? So what, outside of that, what is your peace, your safe haven? My little brothers, I've have four of them.


Four? Yeah. I have four little brothers. And just being a, a good big sister man, like, you know, like I know I'm a role model for a lot of kids, but like those babies in that house that like, they look at me like I'm just like the best person in the world. Like, you know, like Queen Sheva for real. So like, just trying to be the best person, you know, that, you know. 'cause it's like, I feel like now kids are being raised on social media, you know what I'm saying? And, and it is true. It's like nothing you can really do about it. Kind of like all they doing is on the iPad. So just being that person that they can really look up to, you know what I'm saying? Like off the camera. Like, 'cause they really know me for real. So that's just important to me. And yeah, I just like to chill, do regular kids stuff most of the time. But I'm really deep into the community too. Like I got a lot of big stuff planned for the community.


So you gave backpacks or something back in Savannah? Back in your Hometown. Oh my God. Yeah. Every year I try, I do like this six figure give back, right? And like all of my NIL partners, I'm like, I tell 'em, put in the budget. I need all of this. You know what I'm saying? I need, I need JBL, I need speakers, headphones for the kids. Puma, we gave away like a thousand shoes. Jazz sports. We gave away a thousand back. Wow. That's live. Give it up. That's live. That's live. That's Amazing. Yeah. And so we do that every year. This year we gave away thousands and thousands and thousands of stuff for kids. And they was sending me their pictures. It's so important for kids to go to school looking good. Like, you know what I'm saying? And having that confidence, like it means the world. And so I know that. And so just doing that for the community, just it, it, it, it just does something for me.


And also just, I just became an ambassador for the fund. Okay. And, you know, I was just, they, they, they, my my my my grandma died from cancer. My cousin died from cancer and you know, I was just sitting down with them and they were just saying how cancer is three times more likely. It's some type of gene in black women that's gonna, it's three times more likely to affect black women. So I'm partnering with them and we're gonna send a, a, a, a bus down to Savannah to give away like free mammograms for all women and things like that. So certain things in the community I just try to do. That's amazing. Know what I'm saying? That's awesome. That's awesome. You see what's transpired with the WNBA? Yes. There are more eyes. The, the viewership is through the roof, the sponsorship, the advertising, the sales.


And you see what's going on. How does that make you feel to see the, the, the transformation. Great players. Asia Wilson And, we got Stuy and you got Aku and you got all these and then obviously you get Caitlyn Clark and you get Angel Reese and you get Rekia Jackson and Cameron Brink who's injured. But that's what you about to go into in next year too. Yeah, No, I think it's beautiful and I think it is, it's even more beautiful. How i's like trickling down like that last weekend I was coaching overtime select where like a bunch of high school girls, they getting this national media attention and it's capping because of what's going on in the WNBA and what we doing in college. And just giving them that experience. It's gonna be a time in a league where a girl is gonna go into a league and she's gonna have a million dollar deal.


Mm. Like that's gonna be crazy. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, that's awesome. Like, that's awesome. Like nobody would've thought of that. And it, it's not, probably not gonna be me, but it's gonna be that next generation. So I think it's just like about us inspiring and the other little girls that's coming. Like it's, it's beautiful to see. I'm excited to be a part of it for sure. But they're the best of the best for real. It's live. I like it. Short term goals, long term goals, Short term goals. I wanna lead my team to a national championship. Yeah, for sure. Short time girls before I graduate, I need one of my songs to at least go gold or platinum. So Y'all, when I say scream, I mean it go stream.


But no, yeah, just continuing to build my music portfolio. I think it's just, you know, I gotta set the bar high, you know, I feel like I won a national championship and then I got a future with, you know, wheezy. So that was like my national championship in music. So now I just gotta keep building on that. But I definitely wanna win another national championship. It's no feeling like that. Like I did it my freshman year, right. So I didn't lead my team to a national championship. Although I did start all the games, I was freshman of the year, but I didn't lead it like, you know what I'm right. I want to, I want to actually lead my team and show that I could be that kind of player. Right. Other than yourself. What's on your playlist? Ooh, Adele.


Real bad. I love Adele. I don't know why. She's unbelievable in concert. Mm. You went to a concert? I did. I've seen her several times. You didn't have to do that. Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. There's so many people. I don't know Adele. I'm gonna just leave it. Ade. Did You leave it Ade? No. Ooh. I got a good one. Favorite female rapper right now. Who? The best female rapper right now. Who's the best female rapper right now? We know that. I really like Flau.


Millie. Okay. I like her swag. Like yeah, she got that swag. She's a pretty like chocolate girl. Like she's making waves. Yeah. Like I love that for sure. But I mean, I feel like the women putting on like gorillas going crazy. They All going crazy. Listen, they, they all going crazy. That's Why got men. You Nicky, you got sexy red. I mean I love 'em all and it's like I love 'em 'cause they're so different. You got lotto. What Ice You got Lotto. Like you got so many people like they going crazy. Alright, y'all here Shields Fja Johnson. Thank you. Thank you baby. Sure.


The Hollywood Reporter makes it easy to stay on top of news about film, tv, fashion, culture, and the business of Hollywood. But to make it even easier, head to thr.com and subscribe to our newsletters like Feinberg Forecast. And be in the know on the latest about award season or sign up for today in entertainment for a good sense of what's happening in the industry. Ourt HR Charts, newsletter highlights what content is trending and worth watching and where to find it. Head to thr.com for all of those and more and subscribe to our newsletters today.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available Terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Attention parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles. Got a kid who's not into biking or spends too much time on screens. Then you've gotta check out guardian bikes featured on Shark Tank and awarded the Top Kids bike in 2024 by the New York Times wire cutter Guardian bikes is changing the game. What makes guardian bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to thoughtful engineering, lightweight frames and kid friendly components. Kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families and get a guardian bike today. Visit guardian bikes.com to save up to 25% off bikes, no code needed. Plus, receive a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for the newsletter. That's guardian bikes.com. Happy riding.


The world is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and a panoramic moonroof make driving the kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the Kicks is more fun to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, visit nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Inc. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I made the biggest mistake that you can make in gambling, which is don't tie all your bets to one no matter how good you feel. And I was locked in on the Apple Cup. I was like, Washington's gonna be Washington State. And then they're gonna take that flag that they take to game day and they're gonna drape it over them as they walk off the field. And then they lost. And I, I, I hit almost all of my other bets, but that one caused me to lose nearly all of them.


That was one of my big picks of the week. You know, apple a day keeps the doctor way what you're trying to do with the Apple Company. That's right. It did not work for either us because I had Washington minus six I think. Yeah, I had 'em in teasers, parlay beavers. I had 'em in everything and I Had 'em in the Ks R of Parlay. That was my pick You, you everything. And they just completely poop.


And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Cast Our next guest coming to the stage is Dallas, born and bred and raised. Let's give it up. Yellow Bey. What's happening? What's happening? What's good with it? Oh man, I'm cool. Born, raised, bred Dallas, Texas. We were talking back in the green room. We gonna talk about what we talking about later. I'm sorry a cowboy, but we gonna talk about them ladies, we ain't gonna start off with that right now. We ain't gonna do that. Check us out. I I wanna know what's growing up in Dallas. Dallas is really not known and not a whole lot of rappers. I can't think of anybody else from Dallas that rap besides yourself.


What was, who was your, who would come on Dallas? What, what is he talking about man? Who? Who you got? Get him together. Get him together Yellow man. Get him together man. I got a lot of stuff going on man. Gimme a little Homework. Who you got? Who you got got Darro? We gotta check it out with Darro. You gotta talk about, you gotta talk him about ery Badu. You gotta talk about Paul rap. We about, yeah. Yeah. D saw Pucci, you know what I'm saying? It's a lot of grace out here man. Big esta plug. Y'all shot him. I'm gonna say it just shot it. I'm gonna say it. Who? D-O-C-D-O-C of course. Oh, DOC. Okay. Yeah.


Nemesis Mo three. So those, those were your influences growing up that made you want to get into the rap, get into the music industry? Yeah, the older ones for sure. The older ones for sure. Gator man, low dey, you know, it's, it's a, it is a line of What about sports? Were you involved in sports when you growing up as a kid? Football. Football. What position? What position you Played running back and I was like that. You was like that. I was like, I was him. Him. Well something made you go to start getting on the mic instead of, you know, taking them licks. That was, I was getting in trouble. It wasn't like that now. No, we ain't gonna act like that. I was getting in trouble getting kicked outta school.


That what that was right. I had just let it go. So when did you make a decision? Say, you know what? Okay, the music thing, the rap. That's, that's, that's my calling Probably like 17, 18 I was in school. I had a song and it kind of went crazy when I did that to talent show. So I was like, I'm gonna take this shit serious. Good job. Hey, to me your breakout hit, that's on me. Yeah. Put you on the map. After that song, how did your life change? So for me real quick to give you a quick story, to give you better context on why I'm asking you. When I got drafted, say if I got drafted on a Tuesday, my Wednesday life was completely different. When that hit came out, boy, life had to be completely different.


So for you, how did life change after that? I was on the road like 24 7. Like going to places I was meeting cousins. I ain't never met people with Kyle. It was just, you know, it was just like a life changing experience bro. I ain't gonna lie, I was outta town more than I ever been. I was just like, man, I knew her. You know, I made it. Then when they started calling back out of town shows I was like, yeah, I, I'm doing something. How do, how do you, I think the thing and o joke can tell to this being like how we are is that friends? How do you like keep that inner circle? The people that you came up with that you know, that you trust. Have you had to put some people by the side and go on this journey alone by Yourself?


It's a couple new ones, but mostly everybody that, that's around me. I've been around em since I was about 13. So we like years in. I don't really hang with a lot of new people. I like that. I don't, I don't, I don't like energy like that different energy. You know. I don't, I don't trust people. Right. Another, another thing we have as athletes, once we do make it, do you have a problem with family members and everybody always asking and asking and asking and, and what people would do is if a er ask and ask until they bleed you dry, do you have a problem saying no? 'cause I noticed with most rappers, everybody has a entourage. Yeah. And most of the time the person that takes care of that entire entourage is that one alpha.


Right? That's leading, leading The way. Nah, I ain't got no problem saying no. Like I'll tell you like you ain't, I'll look out for a prison, but you not finna just keep on doing it just because you know I got it. Right. If you ain't gonna do nothing with the money, it's like I'm giving it in vain. You know what I'm saying? I don't, I'm only gonna take care of the people I supposed to take care of. Yes sir. The, you know what I'm saying? Home, my mama, my granny like stuff like that. But I don't have people around me who feel like they obligated either. You know what I'm saying? My partners all kind of wanna pull they own way to try to do their own thing. Yes sir. But if they need me, they not, I got 'em. You know what I'm saying? So it's already understood. I I I got real people around me like real friends. So it ain't never been nowhere. It is like everybody just wants something. Just wants something. But I tell a nigga like, yeah like, you know, you just, you on your last one.


You, You ain't finna keep on doing it now, But do do your do. 'cause a lot of times it's hard to tell family. No because like you said, a lot of your partners have been with you since you were 13 and 14. Family's been with you since day one and sometimes they can make you feel guilty because if it was me I would, I would do it for you. I, I still know how to say no. Like you can't, you can't, you can't butter me up. Like you feel what I'm saying? I know who was around. I know who, who really like supported me. I like, that's cool. You know what I'm saying? But like, if I say no, I say no and I ain't gonna lie. Like a lot of people don't even got my number. Like if, if it's some extended family members, my mama kind of, you gotta go through my mama anyway. 'cause she ain't have like my mama ain't trying to have heard none of that to this day.


Like she ain't trying to hurt none of that. You open up for Jay-Z and Beyonce on on the Run tour two. What was that experience like? It's like, it was different. Like 70, 60,000 people. Like that was something like I ain't never experienced. And then when I came out, like the hometown just showed love, hometown, always gonna show love. So it was just like a beautiful thing. Is it, is it everything that you doing what you did? 'cause for me, like all I wanna do was make money to get my grandmother, get my family outta that environment. I mean I really didn't think about like 70, 80,000 fans cheering for me. That wasn't what I really wanted. I wanted, I wanted the fortune, the Fame I could, I could've done without. But obviously that's a part of it.


If it everything that you imagine that when you like in your bed and you thinking like, man, I'm, I'm going on this journey and one day I'm gonna be 60, 70,000 in a, in a, in a stadium not arena. At a stadium. Is it everything you thought it would be? Yeah, like it's like a bittersweet feeling. 'cause like you pray for a lot of stuff and then when you actually living your dream, bro, like you gotta understand like there's a lot of people out here praying to be in your position. You know what I'm saying? It's a lot of people been chasing dreams 30, 40 years and ain't seen no success with it. So I'm one of them that can actually say that I made it so every chance that I get, but I'm gonna pray about it, I'm gonna thank God and be grateful for everything because like it's a lot of people that want to be in my position.


Yeah, That's that's A good one. What are some of the things that came along with this, this Fame that you came with that you didn't expect? Yeah, for sure. A lot of hate. A lot of it is one of those situations like damn if you do, damn if you don't. Right? And it is like one of situations where you, you gotta just really just, you gotta be built for it. 'cause a lot of people, if you not built for this like success, success will turn you down too. That that's, that's side of down tell you like it's a lot of critic. Like they gonna critique everything you going you do. They going to think whatever they think about you. You know what I'm saying? If you want to change that narrative, you can, but at the same time you gotta have tough skin. 'cause people going hate, they going to be jealous. They going to envy you.


They gonna just say anything that And, if you let it get to you, like it'll turn motherfucker down. Like, you know what I'm saying? But I ain't never been a type that let it turn me down. But it, I I didn't know it was gonna be like so much bullshit like to come along with the, you know what I'm saying? Yes. Yes. The the funny thing with the bullshit, it only happens because of success. So now that you have the success, what has continued to inspire and motivate you to continue to want to climb that mountain and ladder in your, in your crack? I just wanna shit on motherfuckers who don't think it's still in me or like everybody that hate. I like, I'm glad y'all hating on me. I'm glad that you feel like it's something sweet. 'cause I I love proving motherfuckers wrong. Right? Like it's, I'm here for a reason, you know what I'm saying?


Like, God ain't bringing me this far just to turn this back on me. So I damn sure ain't finna let no motherfucker tell me like otherwise. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I like it. Listen, you, you've collaborated with some dope ass major artists. Is there one person you haven't had a chance to collab with that you want to? Besides me? I gotta give one with the light, light-skinned nigga man. Drake. I got you bro. It is just, we gotta, we you know, dark-skinned y'all, you know y'all, I'm dark at heart but you know y'all, y'all, y'all y'all been picking on us since we was, you know, since, since the beginning of the time. So I gotta, I gotta do I was in the eighties Though. In the eighties. Y'all ran the Eighties? Yeah, I, I probably, yeah, I ain't gonna lie, I definitely would've been shitting on y'all in, I ain't gonna lie to you.


I would've had a different type of attitude. Michael Jackson, prince El Nigga. Yeah I would. Y'all had 'em all. I would've had a perm and everything. Bush. Hey we best got Michael Jordan, we snipe. They was over for y'all. Yeah, we Talking The charges. They DZ man, come on man. What the yelling niggas at? But nah, gotta be Drake. I wanna do one with Nicki. Okay. I wanna do some Afrobeat too. Like with with Burno boy I want to get one Rihanna too. I ain't gonna lie. And Vibe Cortel just came home free him. I mean shout out to him. I wanna do one with vibes. I wanna do something with just everybody bro. I ain't gonna lie to you. I've always, you know what, now that he think about the names he just named.


Right? Right. Like some of the biggest in the world man. What's the process like? Do You to get a the phone And be like, hey, I got something, I wanna send it to you, I wanna work with you. How does that work? I really think that go off like relationships. Okay. Like you just gotta be at the right place at the right time. Right time. I tell people all the time, relationships worth more than money. Yes sir. You know what I'm saying? Like certain shit you just can't buy. Like people just gotta wanna fuck with you genuinely. Yeah. And that's why I get like a lot of my features, like people be thinking like, man, I know he paid for this, he paid for that bro, I don't be paying for nothing. Like niggas literally be looking out for me just off the street just 'cause of who I am and how, what type of genius or soul I have. You know what I'm saying? Which is the blessing, you know what I'm saying? I don't be thinking like I'm gonna get it for free just nigga, nah, I fuck with you.


It would really be fucking me up though. You know what I'm saying? But relationship, just being solid, having a good face card to take a motherfucker far in life. That's awesome. That's unbelievable. I tell people that all the time in business. People think business is about money, business is about relationship. Yeah. Because a lot of times that since I've been in business for myself, a lot of times the people that I've met, they're in position. They weren't in that position in the beginning, but as they've climbed the ladder, they become CFOs, they become CEOs. It ain't what, it ain't what you know about who you know. And they say, man, I remember when I was such and such and the way you treated me and the way you, I I introduced you to my dad. I introduced you to my brother, my friends and man. And I said, hey, this is the guy I wanna be a part of.


And so it's all about relationships. You think it's about money and all, it's about relationships fault. You never know. You never know who's gonna be in a position to help you. So just make sure you treat people on the way when you're trying to rise because you never know who's gonna be in a position to really help you out. Lemme ask you this, we talked about this earlier. You and I were talking about this in the Green room. What's your expectation for the Cowboys? We know you, you believe that blue and silver, you love the blue and silver. You've been disappointed a long time though Because Probably your lifetime. You ain't seen no championship. You ain't seen no Super Bowl. I was four and five. Don't do that. Like, you know, I can't argue with you nigga.


You niggas like y'all who y'all live, but nah, I feel like we gonna go far like How far around the corner? I'm saying Super Bowl. You leaving up to me. I'm in denial. I I'm in denial. Oh well so what? Yeah, yeah. I'm in denial. We gonna go to Super Bowl. We do got a quarterback. The nigga ain't just got paid. He gotta get a little bit more money. That's how that is. Got a quarterback though. So you you like that? I like that. So you feel that should be paid as well by Jerry Jones Bro. People, people don't give back the chance. Like even with the last game when we played the Packers last year, do do d do deck play defense too? No. You know what I'm saying? He can't play both. He can't play both sides of the ball. We had to blame the defense for that.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And everybody throw interceptions. It's a lot of people it name too. You can't name too many people that's in front of that like quarterback. You can't name too many. Looking at a bunch of 'em. You can't name too many. We ain't Finn do that. Come on, come on. Let's do it. I got time today. Let's do It. But see you said okay, you say blame the defense. Okay, let's just say okay, the Packers got the ball. They go down the field score touchdown. We couldn't stop the run though. Hold on. This is what I'm doing. Okay, Packers. I scored seven, I got seven. I kick the ball off to the Cowboys. Dak come on the field. What'd Dak do? Three and out. Okay. They kick the ball back to the Packers. I go down the field, I score again. It's 14 nothing. Guess what I do? I kick the ball off to the Cowboys again.


Dak come on the field. Hey listen, what'd Dak Do? Hey is is it Dak fault that we couldn't run the ball or stop the run? Nah, see is it Dak fault that we couldn't run the ball or stop the run? He can't play both. He can't play every position. But Y'all hadn't been able to run the ball all year. I know. And that shit beat us in the ass. See? Well we, we got Dalvin Cook now D Cook got back. Yeah. Yeah. I mean they gonna be all, I think they gonna be, we gonna be all man. Y'all don't, don't don't what what your, what your Broncos going to do? Whoa. Whoa. We not talking about me. Nah, Nah, we we gonna take it though. What are your brothers gonna do? Hold on. Y'all remember the last time we played y'all? We had foot and y'all.


Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa. I'm saying what y'all gonna do this year? We gonna be better than we were last year. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Okay. But see we don't have, we don't, we don't have the expectation. We got a, a rookie quarter. We started a rookie. Bo Nicks gonna start. He look good in the preseason. Man. We looking good in that defense too. Yes we do. Yeah. Who your team Cowboys. Who? Your team Green Man get the, Yeah, Y'all just lost. Y'all running back. We ain't worried about y'all. They got Josh Jacobs. Ha Lemme, lemme get who got the best barbecue in Dallas Barbecue.


T I'ma say I'm gonna go to the hood. Yeah, I'm gonna say tds. I'm gonna just say some hood shit. I'm gonna say tds a record. I'm gonna, I'm gonna always say old Cliff shit for me. Soul food. Same place. Soul food. It's, it got a different variety. You got, you got South Side Cafe, I mean South Adam Cafe, you got Davines, you got, I would say Sweet Georgia Brown. But that ain't man that ain't been in in a minute. Right. Soul food. What y'all think over there? Hollywood. What about soul food? That Hollywood Soul? Yeah. Hutchins. Hutchins. Hutchin Barbecue. Okay, we'll go with Hutchins. Are you from Dallas? Nah. You from Shreveport? That nigga from Freeport.


We get to Dallas Pass. Oh, Y'all getting Dallas Pass? Yeah. Well we come to Shreveport, we gonna look you up there because Don Don ass for no, no questions about Dallas. You Nah, we ain't gonna do that Man. So Cowboys record this year? Yeah, we going crazy. We bro, we looking good so the defense don't look good to y'all. Damn, Y'all some haters. I know there's some Eagles fans out there. That's what it is. Boo Nigga. Boo Sayquan ain't beat us. He ain't gonna beat us either again when he get over there. He with a better team now though. Huh? He with a better team. aj, Devonte, qua, Jayla, Hertz.


Ooh They got, they got it sounds it look good on paper. Yeah, That's how y'all do every year. Look good on paper. Nah, We got, we got Skill and Talent though. We got, we got a lot of talent come through. Of course. cd. Of course. Our whole roster. Your whole roster. What Going crazy. Michael Parson, cd, lamb, Trayvon Beck, Trayvon Beck. What are y'all talking about? So y'all really sleeping on Daven Cook like that. Y'all really see when no ze can cook like that? I like him. I like they smoke and die crack man.


That it is All right. It's all right. I be quiet but when I leave I be talking again. Yeah. Not this year. Not this year. Alright guys, give it up for yellow Bey. Yellow Be Coming out. Alright. How long have you been working on this album? Five years. Five years. It take time. It take time. Yeah. Perfection. Perfection Time. Write a verse a day. I've been, you know, soul searching, artist searching. Right. So collabs, how many, I mean how many features, how many collabs are on the album with you?


I mean typically I like to get the song done and then get the features afterwards. Oh, Go ahead. She said a feature collab. Huh? I rap. Oh yeah, I rap. You Do? Let me hear something. Huh? Lemme hear something You want. Go ahead. I'm not the one to play with. They call me Ocho bitch I got a itch. That's it. That's it for now. Okay. Little freestyle. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Little something you could write for me. It ain't nobody gonna know. Okay. Yeah baby, I got another job. No The.


Volume.


Have you spent a regrettable amount of time scrolling through shows and praying for something new or hearing about a show but having no idea where to find it? We all have Head over to the Hollywood Reporter and check out THR charts to find a menu of all the streamer's biggest shows, what's trending reviews, and where to watch these great shows and films. The Hollywood Reporter is the source for Insider Entertainment news. Visit thr.com today and follow us at Hollywood Reporter on all your social platforms.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel like you do the same thing every day, press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky lands slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No purchase necessary B GW Group VoIP. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions supply.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD oh.com.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If you are not a tech expert, that's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champions League match. Live exclusively on Paramount. Plus. Head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.