
This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Don't miss real life on Eagles. Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez and their new podcast Do Amigos where they have candid conversations with special guests about anything and everything. Join them in Wilmer speakeasy for genuine moments, laughter, and a toast to good times. Remember hearing this commercial. Are you between the, in one of those I 14 and 16 years old? Do you think you got it takes to be a TV personality and commercials and you know, Saturday morning shows? Listen to those Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon, go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop be you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the Rack with DraftKings Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a legit nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed, not available in all areas.


Without any further ado, we're now joined by three times sixth man of the year. On April 9th, 2019, he became the oldest player in NBA history to score 50 points in a game. And he's also the first and only player thus far to score at least 50 points for four different franchises. And he's the newest analyst he gonna be calling game for NBC next season. The one the only Jamal Crawford. Jamal, how you doing bro? I'm good. Thanks for having me bro. Okay, we gotta we gotta handle deal. Alright, the, the, the trade that happened last night, Luca, a superstar beyond superstar, a global superstar in his absolute, he's not even here his prime yet.


Jamal, he's 25 years of age, he's a five time first team all NBA player and they trade him for Anthony Davis and a first round pick in I think 2029 and Max Christie. And in return the Lakers get Luca that gets Max Cleaver and they get Marqui Morris who was al, he was on the 2020 Laker team that won the championship. So Lakers received Luca Maxi Cleaver, marquee Morris, the Mavs get Anthony Davis, max Christie and a 2029 first round pick also the jazz re received Jalen Husler Aino a 2025 second round pick a 2025 second round pick via the Clippers.


Jamal, when you heard this trade, I thought it was Bull jive. I thought somebody had got hacked. 'cause ain't no way the MAs are trading Luca, but lo and behold it is absolutely true. Luca Doni is on the move. Anthony Davis is going to the Mavericks. What is your assessment of the trade? Why do you think this trade happened? I'm with you. I thought it was, I thought it was guy at first two. I thought ain't no way Luca's being traded. Like you said all his accolades, he ain't lose his time yet. And if I'm a young NBA star, I'm not comfortable anywhere because if Lu can be traded at this phase corner where he is at, where he was going, anybody can be traded back. I said, Lord, your Shaq's podcast. I said, if I'm a lady, I'm looking at Trait Equity day and people thought I was crazy, I said, LeBron is still your best player right now.


You gotta have better pieces of compliment. Yes, they want a new bubble. Yes, the LeBron is still looking like he's LeBron. So with that being serious, I gotta get peace. I didn't know Luke was on the table when they happened. Who knew? But they, they came la I gotta take that beer. I had to because now you playing for the now and the future as LeBron says, you know what, I'm gonna wear it now. I'm I'm gonna hang it up, whatever, 1, 2, 3, 4, not gonna leave it. You have a bonfire superstar who has now who other people wanna play with nuclear backs off. So we know he's gonna bring the Hollywood lights to go Hollywood, Dan Hollywood on the other side of Dallas, it's a perfect compliment to Rie. They honestly are gonna make you more moved. They didn't trust the fact that they gonna have to be in loop almost $400 million.


Whatever's going on behind see is really loud right now because now we're looking like, you know what Happy Trade do like this. They, how did you stuff that we don't know about? Mm. I, You know, you know, I I I also, I mean I'm, I'm curious, I'm thinking, I'm thinking ahead a little bit. I'm thinking ahead a little bit. Obviously it had to be something internally for them to trade such a great prayer like that, like, like both of you just said is not even in this prime. So I'm, I'm looking forward to obviously the future because Kyrie can opt out in the summer and what are the chances of Kyrie actually joined LeBron again, I'm assuming LeBron comes back next year as well and you have Luca, Kyrie and LeBron. So for me, I, I think I obviously that could have been an option, but Kyrie got have some type of faith like you know what, I could have easily been moved.


Like I said, my contract up next year, they chose to stick with me. And if you look at how Jason Pierce speaks about Kai, he's always speaking loyally. He does everything he want. You pair with ad that be a kai, another win ties back to being a point guard. He's still, he's still doing nothing. He still makes it look easy. You got ad you got a bunch of money possibly with other moves be made. If don't Kai, I'm like, you know what, they stuck with me and also they believe nobody else wanted me vehicle multiple years on the contract as well. So you know who did that type of stuff. Okay, yeah, I'm looking at it and I've said this, everybody knows this is not right now I called, I gave Luca the name Baby bird because I thought he was that special. He was the closest white player I had ever seen to Larry Bird.


Everybody knew Larry Bird was my favorite, but I always questioned, I said he looked like he's outta shape. I said he looks like he's unconditioned. He looked like he doesn't take his training and his condition seriously, his training seriously. And he has some habits that you know, if you look at Rick Carlisle, you got Luca guys don't normally say, nah I'm good and leave a superstar player that's only 22 years of age, Jamal. So there was something that was some things that was going on that wasn't being talked about. But if you know the game and you see you like something ain't adding up. And then plus Luca is scheduled. He was the first player that was gonna be able to get the supermax five years, 345 million.


So basically $69 million a year. Jamal, if a guy's unconditioned, he doesn't take his training serious, he doesn't take conditioning serious and there's some other things going around. If I give him 69 million Jamal and he might have some power that we need to rustle away from him. And if you hear, listen to Nico says, he says something about culture. When I hear that, Jamal, I don't know about you but my ears perk up. That culture means there's something behind the scenes that he's not happy with and, and like we all know the the one question in all the sports in in life period, you entertainment bitch are you bailing your problem?


And Lincoln gave him this problem. So that's why I'm shocked this happened. Even with all that going on, he's 20 too. He can't learn them mature. You can learn to see how whoever the professionals are, JP the best point guards ever. So that's the shocking general part of it is that he not 28, 29, Dr, you know me respond. We still not even in respond. And so I was quit and that's why this is such a shock guys like that they don't be trained. Hey you gonna this stuff until now just back because he exactly good the fact he's 22 all the all because 25, oh sorry, the fact these 25 25, he still working that too.


So that's great. But here's the thing. Jamal and I tell Ocho this all the time when we talk about it, they'll tolerate you until they can replace you once they got a deal that says, you know what, we can win right now. I like Kyrie and ad and the pick and roll ad has never really had a guy this, this dynamic in the pick and roll Rondo. And you remember when he had Rondo in New Orleans, the numbers that ad put up where Kyrie is a very similar point guard, point guard in the pick and roll, but for them to trade a 25-year-old that's five times first team all NBA. It tells me everything I need to know. I don't need to hear nothing else. They can say this or they can say that, but you know, it had to be bad Jamal. 'cause everything that you said is absolutely true because you say, you know what, his production is better than his problems but they say no, hell it ain't his problems supersede his production.


I have a question. You know, both of you could probably answer it better than I can. Obviously I I don't really understand how or the, the intricacy on why he's not eligible for the five year 3 45 super. He got traded Just so simply because he got traded. It's in the contract letting you know once you get traded somewhere else, you're no longer as you Can only get a four year because because he, he was almost like a bird, almost a bird situation. That was the team that drafted him. He had been this many times the first team, all the NBA player, so therefore Allah, Jason, Tatum, Allah, jb So guys that have been there for a particular, what is it? What is it like five? Like five what? Five, six years Jamal?


Yeah, five or six. And then you were first team all B you have to be a first team, you have to be one of the all NBA selections, right? Last year too. Yes. So he's done that. So he was eligible five years, 3 45. So think about that. He would've been eligible to get another contract that was probably gonna be north of 400 million at the age of 30. I think you answered it right there. You I think that was an aha moment. I think that's be it. I think they were more skilled if they gave him that money and they didn't, they couldn't do nothing with him at that point. He, he runs the organization totally versus right now, like you know what it's kinda losses since we see where this is going and, and I think that might be part of it.


And they've, because here's the thing, Jamal, they believe that a lot of these injuries, these knickknack injuries is because of his condition. It's because of in training, it's because of his diet. It's because of a lot of things behind the scenes. We say this with Joy Embiid, we say this with Zion Williamson. Not to say injuries don't happen, but I believe the Mavericks believed a lot of these injuries are self-induced. You're not taking care of your body, it's being reported at one point he weigh 2 70, 2 65, whatever the case may be. But Jamal, you know this, you played this game damn near two, you played it two decades. When somebody moves a player like this, we've never seen it that've been like they moving Magic Johnson in his prime.


Them moving Larry Bird, Michael George in their pride 25-year-old don't get unless the behavior is so egregious they say we just can't control it. We see it. What? Okay Ma your your, your eyes and your ears are still, even if you're not playing your eyes and ears are still with the NBA. Do you know, have you heard anything what the issue might be? Where this, where it, where it came to a head where they just had to get rid of him? I mean let's just, let's just take a step back and think about when they went to the phone, right? Lucas has a celebration bill like only I got so quick.


So you can't speculate that there had to be stuff behind of scenes that was just like, you know what? He's not changing what we, what we want 'em to be and if we've been mis contract, it may be worse at this point. So sometimes the best way to see a person is not look because if you look they gonna be on their best behavior. So sometimes you guys say, lemme miss move with that. Lemme see if you got a check now this with anybody, right? Lemme see if they are be diligent with the professional movie. Let me you watching that just as much as you watching the talent man. But going back to how this happened so fast, he's going back and think world bit Nico Harrison was Kobe back when night Rob was coated. So you know, they have a friendship and relationship and all type of conversations they had. So that's why I'm like, can move so fast and not get out but it and not get out.


But here's the thing, this is what we know young athletes that hurt become old athletes to get hurt. And the worst thing you can have is an old guy that's got you owe him 200 million. You owe 300 million. Because I just read a thing the other day when it said Joellen Bead has made 125 million for the games that he's missed. You want that on Luke? You want that? You want Luca's salary, 345 million and here he is. And they believe that those injuries, a lot of those have been exacerbated by his condition. And you remember he was nursing the knee injury last year in the, in in the game in the championship game. I mean, excuse me, in the NBA finals and leading up to the finals. We like, well how long can he go on that?


Look? So now you hear culture, you hear, you see a guy that has no interest in playing any level of defense. Not at all. Listen, some, some got, some got to give away. You know, everybody's gonna have flaws when you think about NBA players, hell, even NFL players, everybody has their strengths. His strengths and his identity is on the offensive side of the ball. So you know what you don't get from the defensive side of the end, but he's so great at what's done. He offensively hell, you, you, you got, you got, you gotta take that. So How do you like Mr. Link? You watch elected folks with anybody how probably like a fit. I just don't, but here's the thing.


LeBron is at the age he can't play consistent defense. Luca doesn't play any defense. You traded your two blessed defenders, your wing defenders, max Christie on ball and ad, your help defender on ball can defend one through five is tremendous in the picker role. He's great at Weakside help. Look, you got guys that can score, but who can they stop? I look, I understand the I under this is what the Lakers and I, and I've studied the Lakers and I know the Lakers. This is what the Lakers do. They got Wil because they love superstars and LA you gotta have them. Yeah, you cannot get 'em, gotta have them. You cannot survive as the Lakers without superstars. So they go get no, they go get Wil and then they follow that up with Kareem and they go get shot and they go get LeBron and now they go get and they go get Luca.


You gotta have that. If you gonna be la if you gonna be the Lakers, you look at the Dodgers, that's what they do. You see show hate, you see Mookie, that's what they do in order for you to survive out here. That's why they wouldn't traded for Matthew Stafford, don't you? You gotta have a star. You gotta have stars, Aaron, Donald, you gotta have stars to survive out here if you wanna win because there's too much going on in la. We got beaches, we got Samo, we got rooftops, you got, you got so much going on and if you don't win, they not coming to see you. But I'm telling you, I don't care. See that's the notion that people make Jamal, and you know this, a lot of times people say, well as long as I'm doing my job, you shouldn't care about No, no, no, no, no.


It doesn't work like that because see your job is being a professional. That's your job. How you conduct yourself while you doing your job. That's called being a pro and say we don't like the pro, we love the professional because he's given us 29, 32, 34, 9, 9. We know what he can do. But that pro eventually will catch up with us his behavior and the way he does things that say, nah, we've got to nip this in the bug. We got to break his plate at 25 because he's gonna become UNC bro. We let him get two years into 60 and $70 million contract. Hey, that joke about come, hey, he might come into the game drinking a beer.


He might come to the and smoke it on hookah because we know Luca love hook out jam ball. He love hookah, love hook, love hook. And and and and when you sit back and look at it, Rick Carlisle left, he refused the contract extension he had Luca at 2223. What don't you know would walk away from LeBron walk away from a hit a magic Johnson Larry Bird. That's what Lucas a comparison is. I'm not saying he's not won a championship, he hadn't won an MVP, but that's what he is in today's terms. Ain't no coach walking away from that. Coaches might get fired, but coaches, because they know how hard it is to get one of those guys.


Those guys, you don't, those guys like Luca, they don't come out in the draft every year. A LeBron, a magic a bird, they don't come. So if I get one, I'm gonna keep this joke as long as I can, as long as they'll have me, I'll stay. Yeah. And that's why this is so shocking. Like we have never ever seen this and, and it's so open-ended and it was so shocking. All we can do is speculate. We don't wish nothing down on nobody, but we gotta figure it out, right? Like that's our job to figure it out and educate people or give them a little bit of insight of why this ing who knows if it's, you know, how they throw this body will be by like all that stuff plays a part, but what's gonna happen is where he's going and where Anthony Davis is going and how the unquote changes we gonna see in the next year or two how things lined up and we'll have on it in the future.


I also think, I think now he just lost $117 million OCHO basically one year. Can he get it? Cost him a hundred, get that back. It cost him 117 million. Now if that don't get your attention, it should have your undivided detention. Now I don't know where y'all who, who makes $117 million a year. Maybe some CEOs, maybe a, a, a Christiano Ronaldo, maybe MB mba, maybe some of them. But it ain't a whole, ain't a whole lot of players making see 117 million in salary. Jamal. Now you got, just think about you could have been, you could have been in in in DA in Texas, no state income tax.


Yeah, it's 13 point a half percent in California. I don't know if you notice anything. So 40 million, they gonna take 13 point a half percent. That's 10. So they gonna take 4 million to North three. So they gonna take by 6 million from you right there. OCHO on 40. Hey listen, let's say he missed out on one 17, right? Whatever, whatever you missed out what, let's say he gets his together, his himself together gets on the right track if a possibility he can re recoup that money on the back end and the next deal. It all depends. Hold on. He's a big enough superstar that he can have, he can have deals outside because he projects, that's one thing he projects globally, right?


So yeah, he can make that money, but you can't make up what you miss. It's kind like tying because yeah, let's just say for the sake of market mocho, he signs this deal with the Lakers. So one 17 minus 1 43 45. So he gets right, 2 28, 2 28, 2 28 come money. But just say same a Jamal, you remember when Boogie Boogie missed out on what? 200 million by getting traded to a by getting traded to the Pelicans and then he gets injured, never saw him payday again. Yeah. See that's the thing Ocho, you see we we're under the assumption and we hope we knock on wood that nothing happens.


But when you continuously overweight, you put stress on your body. Your body ain't used to that. Your body ain't used to being trying to go up and down that corner on a nightly basis. Jamal, you know, at least two nights a week, sometimes three nights a week when you meant to be two 20, all of a sudden you trying to play in two 60 something. Gotta give OCHO something gotta give


Don't miss real life. Eagles, Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez in their new podcast Go Amigos. Each episode is a party where the good friends get real with each other about life, careers and everything about everything. And you're right there with Them. When I discovered acting it, it, I've just found my calling. But a lot of that was just because I wasn't, I wasn't good at anything else. You know, Join the two amigos straight from Wilmer speakeasy for toasted good times. Don't be surprised if some special guests and good friends drop in and always expect lively candid discussions. Plenty of genuine moments and lots of laughter. Remember hearing this commercial, are you between the ages of 16? What's it? Oh man, yeah. Are you between the ages of 14 and 16 years old? Do you think you got it takes to what it takes to to be a TV personality and commercials and, you know, morning Saturday morning shows. Listen to those amigos as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with The Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me.


I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


You got a Ferrari And you keep hauling logs on top of it and you see what happened to it. That's like talk, he gonna play me one. He drinking coke, he can't play. Hold on you. You gotta understand I'm go, I'm going five for 180 on McDonald's and cheeseburgers and fries and a coke. So, you know, having to deal with you at my age with the skillset would never happen. Any injuries. That's easy work. Yeah, see you was doing that at 25. They, they, them fries stepped on. Listen, listen, listen. A ain't number but the number they, the man created that. Oh, I know. I, Whenever you ready, I'm here. That's all they gotta say. He seems like they ain't working on me.


Lemme ask, lemme, lemme ask you a question. Jamal, who do you think won to trade? I think Dallas won the immediate future, the immediate car. I think the life is won the future and the reason being is, and he let's help with and as you know like we've seen sometimes when he stand in his fault and he played games on the last few years, but he's gonna have a different look mode now, like you said, he's gonna be involved in picking roles a lot with Lucia. That's a great transition from LeBron to me as a future shit star whenever LeBron side he's had in that. Because you gotta have that more. So I think both sides wanted, it was just so, so weird. The weirdness of it was everything because I just, who would've guess?


Could you imagine doing so or between just as shocking? That's why it don't tell. So I think it's gonna be one at that level. I think it's gonna be a shocking threat to happen over this next time period. I promise you I'll pick something smoke and if you look at what Minnesota gave up to get Rudy Gobert. Yeah, Dallas didn't want but one first round pick. I'd say gimme 27, give me 29. I wanna pick swap in between and and give me what you gave me. Yeah. Right? Yes. That's all I gotta be because this dude is he generation. Luke was so good at F Ball. Luke played out band long time ago when he playing ahead time he playing against you playing Get your coach.


He and Jack got that quality. The LeBron as well all you, this all got you on that. Expose him over there like he's one of those people the games he all a sudden looks like got hair on, like he gets in song. He saw a piece with gun that's crazy but bad. You don't see, I can't wait to see it. Three times six man of a year, the oldest man in NB in history to have a 50 point game. The only man in NBA history to have 50, at least 50 with four different franchises. The one the only Jamal Crawford. Good luck next year in calling games on NBC Jamal. Congratulations John. Well done. Hey, really appreciate you stopping by to drop offer some insight into this big trade.


Appreciate y'all. Thank you. I can shout Jamal Gavin Johnson. Marty help. We for appreciate it. Yeah, thank you. Alright, sorry. Now we're joined by former NBA rookie of the year Allstar former Warriors head coach Mark Jackson. Mark, talk to us, bro. How you doing? Everybody's great, bro. We cannot, we cannot complain, huh? Huh? Hey, turn your camera on Mark Sharp audio only. How do I do that?


There you go. There you go, coach. What's up? What's going on man? You good? What's up? What's up Amy? You good man, happy, proud for y'all. Appreciate it, mark. Yeah, appreciate it. Mark. Let's get into this trade, bro. It came outta nowhere. Normally trades like this, it had to be a special type of relationship because you had to sit on it because prior to it dropping, there was no win of look ad getting traded, nothing about Luca getting traded. And then boom, you're trading a 25-year-old, five time first team all NBA player that haven't even reached his prime yet for Anthony Davis, a first round pick. And Max Christie, talk to us about the trade.


You coached this game, you played this game. Talk to us. How does a deal like this happen? Well, we don't know the truth of everything. That's first and foremost. This is an incredible deal that was pulled off by Dallas Marick and the Los Angeles Lakers primarily Nico Harrison, Rob Lanka. It is in my time of playing basketball, following basketball, coaching basketball. It is the most shocking trade pulled off without anybody leaking it, not anybody knowing anything about it. And then we, everybody that got wind of it thought it was a fluke. We thought we have a fluke. I got phone I and phone calls in a, in a in a minute span saying, this can't be real.


Can you, can you confirm it? I'm like, I don't know. I can't confirm it or not. It's, it's shocking. Like you said, a 25-year-old guy, five times first team on NBA generational talent. One thing i I, I would've done if I was Nico Harrison in Dallas Maverick, I'm not minimizing it to Los Angeles Lakers and that one phone call I am opening up a bidding of Luca Dante, letting everybody know everybody's well aware of what he brings to the table. I I got him assured. Now the best deal, may Anthony Davis and deal a got from the Lakers, I'm doubt it. And Nissan would've made sure the lake had sent oak to their first round picks in. But, but at the end of the day, you can't underestimate, he got a, he got a a, a elite first ball hall of famer in Anthony Davis, who's only concern is staying healthy when he is on the floor.


He is a dominant basketball player. And I believe it helps both teams. The Lakers do continue to add by adding a big, both teams have a legitimate chance of winning it all the Lakers, because they have two guys that can control a basketball game at all times on the offensive end. Dallas matters because they have a legit big man that prefers from its own words to play the powerful position now as two young athletic, energetic bigs to protect him. And then you have a guy like Carrie Irvin, who's a special, special generational of talent in his own right that can do some similar things as Luca and can carry them on the offense net and create an offense for himself and his teammates. Heck of one, one of my, my former lead assistant, Pete Myers, who played for the Chicago Bulls, the brilliant basketball mindset, a hall of Fame general management once said to him, do not make a trade that can cost you your job.


And that's what Nico Harrison did. But I give him credit. 'cause so many guys, we want to just cruise along. I can win 20 games, 30 games. I could go to the lottery time and time, I could be bad. I got an excuse. He swung for the fence and the only gave, I think he gave up a home run talent. But Anthony Davis has got in state healthy and they, they'll be good for, you know, the foreseeable future. Hey, coach, listen you for someone who played the game for a long time, for someone who coached the game as well as a coach, and you think about, I just want you to put your GM hat on for a quick minute. What can a player do to the magnitude and where it's that egregious to you trade somebody that young that's that spectacular and brings that much to a team, especially from an officer standpoint.


You gotta talk to me. Just give, just gimme some, gimme some type of better context or context on what could a player do behind the scenes that could warrant such a trade for someone. That's What makes it shocking to me. And I think that's a great question. And, and what I don't like is all of a sudden stuff come out that didn't come out all along. So let's, let's be fair to him. But at the end of the day, right, the things we know about, he could be a better conditioned athlete. He can be better committed on a defensive end. He can have a better con competitive fight and spirit defensively. Not every fifth possession, every 10th possession, I could show you 50 clips of, of Luka Dridge more than capable of defending and having game plan discipline on the defensive end of the floor that can show you 200 clips when he lays down points the finger and blames somebody else.


I would say to my ownership or my management that's interesting in trading for Luca trading Luca Doey because of those reasons, I would tell him personally, that's on me. He's been in this league six years. I gotta do a better job of bringing that out of a, and holding them accountable, defending at a high level, competing at a high level, being a better leader. And that that would be on me. What about what? Go ahead Ocho. Well, hold On, hold on. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm confused. Now you, you think about what Luca's able to do from the offense standpoint, right? And one of the gripes, one of the issues that he may have is his lack of ability to play defense. But if he is a little bit better on defense coach, wouldn't that takeaway from his offensive, that Sounds like a receiver that didn't wanna block when it wasn't his, those that up by Jack, Don, all my Jack, get it, get back.


Not going just he thought, you're not going to you on this play. Doesn't give you a license to chill. You still have the responsibility, right? And my job as a coach is to hold you accountable to that because it's not about you, okay? It's about us and other guys are watching if I allowed you to do that and because they're rolling one day, I allow 'em to do that. I'm not saying I'm holding you to the same standard. I like that in the ideal world, right? We all have kids and that's not how it works. But I'm gonna hold you to a standard, but I will not accept in, in, in, in, in, in losing. I'm not gonna, but I will not accept him winning. I I'm not gonna accept lose. I gotta say to you, oh, I gotta, you heard that the before, Chuck. Now you heard that? Say I heard, I heard it, I heard it because guys are watching. I can't, I can't now yell at you because no, I've been doing this for 2020.


I've been doing this for five years now you gotta a problem with it. See, you never accepted a, you never accepted anything in a win. You wasn't at a loss. And, but here's the thing, okay, Jack, you said it is your job to hold him accountable for a little bit more for the defensive end. Are you holding yourself accountable for his, his uncondition, his training, his eating? Absolutely. Guess what? I gotta, I gotta go see him in the off season. I gotta take a flight and go spend some time with him. I gotta send one of my assistants on my player development coaches go spend some time with him. I gotta go, I gotta send a chef with him. I'm gonna put you in position to be successful. I don't want you to just chase down being a five clown on NBA team player or generational talent.


I want you to have the jewelry at the end of the day, I want you to be in that special room with those special guys that you deserve to be in just being there with just all everybody else. You should, he should be. He's good enough and great enough to be in the room by with, with just a handful of guy. He's that special of the talent and I I'm, I'm cheating him if I fall short of holding him accountable and putting him in position to take away those, those credits, Jack. Right? You can't, I tell my kids this, I can't want something from you more than you want it for yourself and you got kids. Yeah. And you know, they've got want it for themselves as much as you want it for them. If Luca doesn't want what you want for him is not gonna work. It just won't. It just won't.


That's true. But he is so special and so great. You can't convince me he don't want it. You, you just can't. He, he's so special and so great. You average took 40 point triple double in, in, in, in, in the playoffs. You are the best player on in the Eastern conference. I mean the Western Conference finals. You're the best player in the fi. He, he is a special, special talent. I'm not asking him to, and I'm gonna tell him I'm gonna push to write a button. I'm not asking you something that I believe you can't do. I'm not asking you to protect the rim and, and, and, and lock shots. I'm not asking you to be a lock locked down defender. I'm not asking you to be 200 pounds. Let's, let's meet somewhere in the middle where, where now it's acceptable. I'm not asking you, I just don't want you to point the finger to a guy wide open in the, in the corner and you just stand there and you know that's your man and that's your, your responsibility.


Everybody in the arena knows that's your fault. That shit burned, that shit upset you. I'm not saying it hasn't happened to me in 17 years of playing professional basketball and in all these years of playing basketball, I got exposed at times on the defense bat, but I got upset about it and I reacted to it and responded to it and held myself accountable. Listen, co I one more, one more question, one more question. I, I'm, I'm thinking about the mental part of it, right? The, the mental part as far as Luke is concerned, how is he going to react? How is he going to, is the trait, this is a wake up call? Is, is he going to fold? Now two things can happen. Most of the time you think you're a player, you're sitting on top of the world, you feel, you feel like you're invincible, you know you're making good money.


You're one of the best players in the NBA and all of a sudden you get that call, oh yeah, you've been traded to the Los Angeles Lakers. Now what lu are people gonna get from this point going forward? Are we getting a pissed off Luca or are we getting a Luka that's gonna fall under the Pressure? We don't know that Luca, that you're talking about falling under pressure. All he is done in six years is be great. Be a generational talent. He's been special. What what Just happened? He got late. Exactly. Now getting traded can do something to your mental now Special and Do something to your mental, I'm talking about the different kind of pressure, pressure playing and being comfortable in Dallas knowing you. That guy is different. I agree with you with certain dudes, but this, I don't care where you put Tom Brady. He's Tom Brady in New England. He's Tom Brady in Chapel Bay.


Luka Dons, we're not going to cheat his talent and his and his level of greatness. He's a special talent, I believe that elevate him conditionally wise and yes, and, and, and fight, you know, to fight defensively because right, he's got a guy in the locker room that, that's a hero of him that he looks up to. Now, LeBron James certainly has his flaws at times, but one thing he does is take Kevin body and he's an all time great, he's a special talent that if you just hang around, you've got testimonies from teammates, coaches, he's gonna make you better. And Luka Doche will be a better conditioned athlete and a better defender competitively speaking because of, because of being around LeBron James. That's one thing LeBron James will bring to the table with without a doubt.


But you know what Jack, I had a guy tell me one time, he said they'll tolerate you until they can replace you profession. Luca is a professional basketball player. It seems to me. Nico Collin, Nico Harrison had a problem with him being a pro, which was how he conducted himself in being a professional basketball player. You don't, it had to get to a point Mark, mark, you know this having played Mark, you played seven, what, 17 years? Yeah. You played 17 years. You coached in this league in order for you to trade a generational talent because we've never seen it happen before. At 25, the behavior behind the scenes, it had to be egregious.


There's no other way around it, Jack. There's no other way. You're right. That 25-year-old generational talent, we've never seen him before unless he asked to be trained, that's a different ball game. This guy didn't ask to be trained, he said exactly. Defend his life of the Dallas Maverick. So there is clearly something that, that, that made them pull the trigger and, and and, and, and make the train and pick up the phone and call the Los Angeles Lake. I don't know what it is that'll come out at some point it's gonna come out, but, but if it don't come out, watch, it'll come out in the reds. Yeah, he's too great of a player that you just decide and pick up the phone. No, I can handle the think about it when it's lack of defensive intensity for 48 minutes and it's not conditioning overall.


The dude was still a five time first team all NBA player in six years. Yep. So I'm, I'm, I'm gonna live with, I'm gonna live with some of that and try to make them better. I'm not just gonna pick up the phone on a, on a random day and call the Los Angeles Lake, right? So it's something that push the button to make them make this call. But Jack, my, I know my antenna raised where Rick Carlisle wouldn't sign the contract extension. You know how hard it is to get a generational player. They don't fall on trees and a lot of coaches never get an opportunity to coach a generational talent. Rick Carlisle didn't accept the contract extension and he had a 22, 20 3-year-old Luca that should have raised the antenna.


But Rick really raised my antenna when I heard Nico Nico Harrison say culture when you hear that, Jack, I know your antenna raised too because we see this with, with Zion. We believe conditioning plays a role in his injuries. We see that with Joe l Embiid. We believe his conditioning plays a role in his injuries. They believe, I believe it is my estimation, and I'm just looking at this from a distance, it, I believe the Mavericks believe that Luca's condition or lack thereof, his training, his eating habits play a role in this. Those injuries. And I gotta give you $70 million this summer for the, for next summer, for five years.


Oh no, Jack, I can't do that. Oh, I could do it. Oh no. Oh, I can do it and you would do it too. The guy, the top five player in the world, no question about his ability. The the thing, the thing I got a problem with is we pat him, Joel Embiid and Zion Williamson, two guys that have a tough time standing on the floor. That's not Luke's issue. He plays her, he plays hobble. He a hundred percent doesn't take care of his body. The best's conditioned physically, he doesn't come in shape and can't and can't. But he plays, he loves to play. Those other two guys, right, have, have missed a substantial amount of, of game. I think culture is the conditioning.


It's how we act on the bus. It's how we act on the plane. It's how we act in the locker room. We don't know that story. I can give you an example. Jimmy Butler report come out. Jimmy Butler had the plane waiting for an hour while everybody waiting for him. Are you kidding me? That's not on Jimmy Butler. That's on me. I'm not waiting an hour for nobody. That's what happened. Reporting the plane is taking off when leaving Jimmy Butler, wait for Jimmy Butler and you're setting yourself up for disaster. You're setting yourself up for a culture that allows that. No, we gonna set the tone right away. We leaving this guy and if he shows up to the game, he shows up to the game, we'll handle it then.


But when don't got a president, are you sitting with Luca when you know he's outta shape when you know he's not conditioning properly when you know he's not training properly. The dude is out 30 and and and nine, he's the best player on the floor every night. Yeah. So you gotta find other, other ways to push the button to get him to respond, right? You gotta you gotta pull him in the office by yourself and talk to him. You gotta pull him in the office with Kyrie ever. You gotta pull him in the office with the G You gotta pull 'em in the office with ownership. Bring in some formal grapes, bring in dirt, naty, whatever trick you gotta do to push the button there. No, whatever trick work every day. Whatever the trick is you gotta do to push the button. Your job, my job is to find that button and push it because he is great.


Yeah. And he's an all time grader, but I wanna put him in that special room that he deserves to be in. I'm not like this, this guy you had to talk up to be great when he walked into this, he was great. You know, I don't, you don't have to hype him up and talk him up. He's great from day one. So now let's get you into that special room and it's something that you deserve and you, you're cheating yourself. Forget about me. You're cheating yourself if you don't put yourself in the best possible position to get there. Does he wanna be in that room? You want him in that room? Does he wanna be in there? Because if he wanted to be in that Jack, all the great that you mentioned, that's in the handful of guys, did, did any coach had to hold their hand? Jordan, Kobe, LeBron Bird, magic Kareem, gimme some more.


Elijah one, the guy, the handful of guys that's in that room. Did they have to be hand spoon fed? I don't. Hey, do you think, Hey, hey, hey Jack. Do you think the culture and where it comes from is a little bit different as opposed to all the guys that UNC just named in their approach to the game of basketball? Maybe that might be the issue, might have something to do with, but the dude was a pro at 13 years old. He's been a pro since he's been 13 years old. He's a special talent. And I agree with you with those guys that you named, but there's some guys, and I, I don't have 'em off the top of my head, but some guys had to be pushed along. Some guys, some guys didn't love basketball and, and they're in that special role. Jim Duncan didn't touch his basketball until he got into high school.


I believe his junior year. He was a swim dude. He was like, you need swimmer. Don't miss real life.


Ami Eagles, Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez in their new podcast Do Amigos. Each episode is a party where the good friends get real with each other about life, careers and everything about everything. And you're right there with Them. When I discovered acting it, it, I've just found my calling. But a lot of that was just because I wasn't, I wasn't good at anything else. You know, Join the two amigos straight from Wilmer speakeasy for Toast to good times. Don't be surprised if some special guests and good friends drop in and always expect lively candid discussions. Plenty of genuine moments and lots of laughter. Remember hearing this commercial, are you between the ages of 16? What is it? Oh man. Yeah. Are you between the age of 14 and 16 years old? You think you got it takes to what it takes to to be a TV personality and commercials and, you know, morning Saturday morning shows. Listen to those amigos as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get Your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made


of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there're Shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shaking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Dodge is, is great enough to get in that room and I believe he's gonna get there. And I believe putting on purple and gold and having a new challenge in his life is going to get him there. But he also has to have coaches, management, ownership, leadership in that, in that locker room that holds him accountable and has the same voice as, as the people that's trying to pour into his life instead of high fiving and hugging him and giving him that when he won a ball game. So let's talk about you won the game, but how about the defensive stop that, that, that, that you gave up on that almost cost us the game so we can have that conversation too. Gotta surround himself with people at a not yes then, but hold him accountable and push button and inspire him to want it as bad as we wanted. Short, long term. Who do you believe won to trade?


Short, long term. I love, I love ad to the math Carry in the pick and roll. Great. Help defend. Defend one through five. Tremendous in the pick and roll can help with weak side defense. The Lakers got a little lax on defense. LeBron can't sit in the chair anymore at 40. Luca we talked about that. Doesn't really wanna play Officer Reeves. People attack him because they can. The Lakers got substantially weaker on the defensive end. They set themselves up for the next 10 years though you can't, you can't take that, take that away from them. I think both teams are in position to win a championship. Dear the Lakers, your next move is your best move. They gotta find a big to clean up some of the mess and protect the weakness that they have on the defensive side of the floor.


Protect the rim, play the pick and roll, hold the fort down a little bit as Dral penetration affection. And, and I, I, I like what the Dallas, I think both teams have helped themselves because I can't undersell how great Anthony Davis is. And clearly I already graded enough about Luther do. He's gonna be interesting to see how this thing all plays out. And I think the Lakers cannot be judged on just winning a championship or not winning a championship this year. They got a generational talent, which is hard to find, that puts them in position for after LeBron James League. But lemme ask you a question. Let's just say now I'm hoping, Hey, you know, I root for the Lakers.


I'm hoping Luca like, man, I just cost myself $117 million. Everybody believes I can be special. I am special. Let me do what it takes in order to be in that room that Mark Jackson keeps talking around. There's only a handful of guys in there. There are only a handful of guys that deserve to be mentioned of being in there. There are some, I mean, some guys can peep in the room, but there are some guys that's sitting at the table in the room, right? Yes. Let me, let me, let me get on my conditioning. Let me hire me a chef. Look, I'm not saying what, whatever, what I, Hey, I'm not saying Michael Jordan smokes more cigars than anybody and stood up with that damn bust and bust them up.


Mark. Some guys drink, some guys can do that. But the one thing you know about, about mj, he came in the shape. LeBron loves his wine, and Acaia gets a cigar, but you know, he don't cheat the process. And the one thing about those guys that are in that room, they didn't cheat the process. You are right. Tim Duncan didn't play basketball until high school, but Park, he was coachable. Park got on him to coach everybody else. Tim Duncan, when he stepped on that floor, you know what you going to get. But you also knew he was a pro off the court. He was gonna come in his shape. He was gonna be conditioned and he was gonna be ready to go. And he didn't have no ticky tack injuries.


It it, it points the finger directly to the player. They gotta want it. And, and I believe that he's gonna be in that room because talent tells me that he's gonna be in that room. I believe he wants it. I believe this situation will enhance his desire to, to prove people wrong. And I believe that if you are a general manager, ownership our coach, our superstar player playing alongside him, you also have a responsibility to hold him accountable and to deliver the message to him when he is falling short from that. And I believe he's gotta be able to be mad enough to empower those people to do exactly that. Because at the end of the day, I know they want what's best for me. They want what's best for me, and it's gonna be what's best for this team.


And ultimately I'm gonna be in that room. What he doesn't wanna do is what you talk about, put his head peeking in that room and then he get most proudly. No, he deserves to be in that room constantly. 'cause his talent tells us, oh yeah, let's talk about the other trade that happened today. D Fox going to the San Antonio Spurs, Zach Levine going to the Sacramento King. It seems now, it seems now guys will sign that first extension, get that guaranteed money, and then after that, yeah, they're on the hunt. You see D Fox, he's on his way to San Antonio. He wants to play with Weby Night squad. There you see Zach Levine, Zach has been a report that Zach Levine has wanted to get outta Chicago for an extended period of time.


He's reunited with DeMar de Rosen in Sacramento. You like, you, you have to like Sacramento with Malik Monk, DeMar de Rosen, Zach Levine, Deante Saboni, they got a nice squad. Keegan Murray, they got a knife squad. What I like about Sacramento is Aaron Fox obviously displayed his willingness to be traded. He let his feelings be known and they made a trade, but they didn't surrender the cease. They went and got a guy that can help him immediately. A 25 point score of Zach Lamine that's proven has Kako playing alongside of DeMar de Rose. So they have per player, great versatility, great youth, incredible fan base. Then you have some bonus.


And Keegan Murray, they, they have talent that still should put them in the mix Playoff time in the Western conference and, and, and, and still an exciting future moving forward. Whether it's Zach Levi, be ops in or ops out at the end of the year, the air fox goes to a situation where he's playing with a generational talent and wind and, and fits his skillset where he can be creative on the perimeter playing, pick and roll with him at times. Be aggressive as a score at times. Be aggressive as a facilitator. It's an ideal situation. One thing you touched on that I still try to figure out as I spend time on my myself today, these dudes are turning down $300 million. Like give gimme, gimme my money, give me, gimme my money and we'll figure anything else off.


Three, 300 million. I don't care how much you made, this is real money. Yes. Get your money and then find the right situation. Don't leave it on the don't leave money on the table. I, I played with a guy that gave back $500,000 in order to be a free agent at the end of the year, never recouped. And that was, that was back in, in in 19 89, 19 90. Never got back. That 500,000. You can't make it back. We talking about now, two, $300 million. Are you kidding me? Get your paper. Young fea. I will. I and I, I don't wanna un under underestimate this because fortunately I don't know a lot about this. And, and, and, and Shannon, we don't know enough a lot about this, but my guy Chad Ocho Signal knows enough about it.


That's news. It can be frustrating at times, at times. I, I watched it talk about Jack Don. I wa I watched this and I seen the frustration I seen, I've seen it running routes and playing for, you know, it was, it was tough at times. And I I was thrilled and happy when you got a chance to win and, and, and be on the right, on the, in the right situation. He deserved it. So it can be frustrating and wanting the excellent times, but get your money. One thing about my guy, Otto, he, he, he, he gets his, he got his money and he keeps his money. I I'm watching you Jack, Jack, lemme ask you this. We see these thing about Zion and then Zion has had, and they even worded his contract that he has to be a certain weight, he has to have his body percentage down.


And we've never seen it. Look, he reminds you of a more explosive Charles Barkley and Barkley like he had Malone, he had those other guys. And he said, Moses Malone rest his soul. Say, Charles, you fat and you lazy. You got two things. You young, you fat and you lazy. You got two things working against you. And Barkley says, you know what he said, get 10. He got 10 pounds off in like two weeks and then he got another 10 pounds off in a month. And before you know it, Charles will turn himself into an MVP one of the better power forwards to ever play the game. We see this with Joel and bead. When you get a guy in beads size, and people don't realize this, the bigger you are, the bigger that frame is. The more weight they can hold.


Jack, you seven foot two, oh, you could easily be 400, maybe even five. And when you get hurt during the season, now you can't condition. And so guess what? You're still eating, but you're not practicing. You're not playing. And so guess what, you might be 2 95, 300. Next thing you know, you're three 10, you're three 20, you're three 30, you're three 40, you're three 50. Now you go back out there, you three 50 and you try to run up and down that court and you jump up your knees go out your feet, your ankles, your hips. What do you say to that, Jack? I part of it, I blame organizations that allow them to be this way coming in.


I'm trying to be your friend and your boy and all ww when you come in, instead of saying, okay, these are the problems that we foresee. This is what we have to do to put your position to succeed from day one. I don't care what your bone structure is, what your body fats, I know what it should be. They co-signed a lot of that stuff initially with Zion Williams saying he was heavy bone and, and you know, and, and, and he can only get down to a certain amount of weight. No, he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a incredible young man. He's an incredible talent. And and you look at his body now as different than when he came to. So he certainly has his desire to get better. I think the, the biggest, biggest thing for him, you compare them to Charles Barkley and the bodies were similar, but Charles Barkley from day one had a jumper.


He was shooting threes back in in 87, 88, 89. So so he was a skilled overweight performer on the basketball floor who had range. Ryan Williamson, you're playing against him. You can dare him to shoot the jumper. Now Kenny hit it Yeah, once in a while. And I'm saying he's respect, 'cause he's a great player, but he has a flaw that can be exposed on the defensive side of the floor. You're going against him, especially in a playoff series. So that he's gotta spend time to, to enhance and perfect that side of the floor in his range because he puts his head down, he gets anywhere he wants. So now you add a decent jumper to that. He's a, he's a, he's a nightmare for anybody to defend. We're talking about elite players that have, that have opportunity to make their infant on this game.


And it, it should hurt them when they don't because they're not in the best shape they could possibly be in. I still will never understand. Rudy Gobert got traded for four first round picks. Luca Dridge got traded for Anthony Davis in one first round pick. I don't know who did. Hey Nico Cos bus know something we don't. But I'm Nico Harris, Rob Nico Harris, excuse me ni Rob Pika says thank you. Just imagine if you was sitting at home and got a call. You interested in Luca? Heck yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. So you don't even have to work. You could win Executive of the year just because you picked up the phone. Right. Hey, what what statue? What statue out front you want for Luca?


Okay, whatever you need. Hey Jack, whatever you need, what you need. Who? Who you we talking about? We talking about a guy that's that's after, yeah, after LeBron. He's gonna still be playing. I don't care. I don't care how much time you give. LeBron Luca Dodge will still be your franchise player when LeBron exits the building. And that's what you need if you are a lake. If you are a Laker, you gotta have franchise players. They started with Will with Kareem Shaq, LeBron, and now they got Luca. So they just continue to stream this, the string of getting elite, multi-talented great players to keep this thing for the Lakers going. Jack, we gotta get you out here on that one. Thank you so much for joining us. We really appreciate your in, appreciate your insight and talking about this trade and the other trades.


Darren Fox going to the Spurs. Zach Levine going to Sacramento Kings, we'll see you down the road. I appreciate you bro. Thanks for having me. Michael Ocho Luka Don made his debut. Yeah for the Lakers has not played since he injured that calf muscle. On Christmas day, the Lakers defeat the jazz. 1 32, 1 13. Luca was warming up, excuse me, LeBron was warming up with Luca t-shirt. They placed a 77 T-shirt on all the cherries within the stadium and the pregame, LeBron told Luca, Luca, be your fing self don't fit in.


Hit the F out the Lakers, the one six straight 12 out of 14. Overall LeBron James had 24 points. Eight assists, seven rebounds. Austin Reeves, 22 points, nine rebounds, four assist assist Rui URA 21.6 rebounds, Luca limited action, 14 points, five rebounds, four assist. And God win the two-way player at 17 points. The Lakers, the last game before the Allstar break is Wednesday against this very Utah jazz team. They de defeated tonight up in Utah before the all star break. Let's continue right quick. O Joe.


According to Sean, the Hornets exploring disputing the Lakers failed physical on Williams, the Charlotte Hornet Hornets have been in contact with the NBA as they explore options to dispute the Lakers failed physical assessment. Omar Williams sources tell ESPN Williams Dalton Connect trade was next Saturday and now the Hornets way avenues to challenge. We'll talk about that a little later. Oh Joe, I like what I saw. I don't know if you like what you saw with Luca. Now look, it's, it's only one game that's a very, very small sample size. I like what they obviously Luka's gonna start kind of staggering because you want one of those guys to be on the court pretty much at all times. But even if you don't have 'em on the court, you still have a primary ball handle in Austin Reeve.


So obviously LeBron can handle the ball, Luka can handle the ball. But when both of those guys are off the court, if they are off the court, you still have Austin Reeves who could handle the ball, who's plague extremely well. And so I like what I saw and it's gonna be a lot of staggering. So when Luca goes off the court, LeBron is on LeBron's off the court, Luca's on, or both of those guys are off the court. Off the court. As I said Austin Reeves is on, but I like the way they moved the ball and Right if you know Luca, Luca can get hot and give you 20, 25 points on the corner. But he doesn't have to worry about facilitating because a lot of times when Luca was on the court before he got Kyrie, if Luca went on the hot streak, he still had to worry about getting other people involved.


He don't have to worry about that. He has LeBron, right? He has Officer Reeves. But I like what I saw and Hayes Jackson Hayes is the happiest guy. 'cause all he is going to do is getting lob dunks. Now he ain't gonna work, but that's all he did anyway. But he was going to average probably about 14 points a game getting six to seven lob dunks a game. So I like what I saw early on, although it's a very, very small sample size. Now listen, even though it's a small sample size, you can tell that the future is gonna be very bright for the Lakers. Now I know people don't wanna, you don't wanna get too happy they are playing the Utah Jazz, but obviously you understand how dynamic, you know, LeBron and Luca are playing together, even though the sample size is small, especially with the IQ that Luca has, especially in the iq with the IQ that LeBron LeBron has as well.


The spacing obviously with Luca and LeBron on the court was awesome. You can tell that Reeds is gonna be able to eat as long as, as well as everybody else. So I'm, listen, I'm excited for the Lakers. I don't think, I still don't think it's enough to be able to compete and contend for, for a title. I still think they need another piece. I I could be wrong, you continue. You could tell me you would know be better than I can. I still think there would be you, you would need another piece to add to them, to that puzzle to be able to challenge out there. In the west They need a big, the only, the only big they have is Jackson Hayes. And I don't think that's enough. You only wanna play Jackson Hayes somewhere between, you know, 14, 20 minutes a night. He's not a guy that you're gonna run out there and play 25, 30 minutes, 35 minutes a night.


That's not what he is, that's not, he's not been that player in his NBA career. So you probably need another big, that's why they tried to change for the Williams kid. But as I was reading earlier, ocho, he failed a physical go ahead. And now I have a question. When it, when it come, when it comes to failing of physical Yes. Is it due past injuries or does he actually have an injury right now to where he couldn't pass it? Well, you know what happened, How That works? Oh, So you know what happens when they bring you in there? They test you out. They start pulling on your joints and your shoulders and your knees and twist your ankle. Oh, right. Oh, it's, are you okay They give you MRI they give you all, you know all that other stuff. But here's a guy that's been, you know, he kind of has an injury history, okay?


So I don't know what, why y'all so anxious to get up or if he is so good y'all should welcome him back. Right, right. Well, clearly, clearly there's more to it than what's going on. It's like, hey, we thought we had another shooter. Could we know what Dalton was? He, he's kind of cooled off a lot early on. He was, he was really letting it fly. Had some big game shooting the three ball for the Lakers, can put the ball on the floor, can finish at the rim. I know the Lakers really like him, but sometimes you have to give up something to get something and they realize they needed a big Luca likes playing with very athletic bigs because he can get into the paint, he can dish it, dish a lot of lob dunks. Look, go look at Lively, go look at Daniel Gaffer, look at the guys that he's played with.


Guys get a lot of easy baskets because hey, he's gonna get into the paint because he can change speeds. He's really herky jerky. Yeah, but, but right now I think that's the thing they're missing. They're getting better at shooting the ball from outside. Gabe Vincent is getting better at shooting the three ball. He's finally getting his legs back. Last year was a wash year for him and he's finally starting to shoot like the Gabe Vincent that we saw his last year in Miami, when he really let the ball fly, helped that team get to the NBA finals would end up losing to the nuggets. Officer Reeds has been on the tear lately. He's been unbelievable. He's just getting better and better and better every year. Would I be surprised eventually if he's not an all star?


I can see it happening now. It's gonna be hard because he has Luca and he has LeBron on his team. Yeah, but here's the thing, Ocho, he's gonna be getting the third best defender. You've gotta give one of your best defenders, especially with The Wing, you've gotta guard Luca. He's gotta guard LeBron. So now it's kind of like that third receiver. If you got two dogs outside that third receiver, like man, hey y'all, gimme the third or fourth corner. Oh, I'm definitely gonna gonna eat. Now you going eat, gonna eat. Rui is another guy that's gonna get big because both LeBron, because they're big guards, can see over the defense. So they can penetrate, skip, pass, hammer, pass over the top. It really doesn't matter to them.


And we know they both can score. Luca has the highest, the third highest scoring average in NBA history at almost 29 points. A game behind Jordan, behind Wilt when it comes to the playoffs. He has the high second highest scoring average behind only Michael Jordan. So that just lets you know what a proficient guy he is at scoring the basketball. And So you look at a guy that's average of basically 29, 8 and eight, which is crazy, and he won't be 26 until the 28th of this month. So the Lakers has someone, when LeBron finally decides if and when that's gonna be, because this is gonna take a lot of pressure off LeBron Ocho because he's not gonna have the workload of having to bring the ball up to court.


He's not gonna have the workload of trying to have to facilitate for everybody else. Luca is gonna take a lot of pressure off LeBron. I can see LeBron now play another two to three years. Right? You know what, what you're saying that when you talk about, you know, Luca taking some of the pressure off the LeBron, obviously Luca, some of the pressure's taken off him as direct, even he's as efficient as he is. He had to squad around him that where he doesn't have to do all the work he has, he has hella athletes, a lot of players around him with length. And I think he, he's going to be, he's going to be a great addition. I think they just need a big, they, they need a big, and if they can get a big, now, I'm, I'm not sure how many, how many viable options out there that can come in and, and you can plug and play and it make a difference right now.


Now There's not a whole, well you can't trade for anybody. So anybody's gonna be basically street free agents or you maybe somebody get cut and you are able to bring them in like that. But I know they were looking at, Listen, if if they getting cut, there's, there's not much they can do for you. But, but no that, but Luca and LeBron can bring it out of them because everybody ain't got a Luca and LeBron. But you know, maybe they were looking at Valentinas, they looked back, Walker Kessler, who's on the Utah Jazz. But seemingly the jazz wanted more than what the, the Lakers were willing to part ways with willing to d Right? The only guys are out there available. I think that JaVale McGee, I think Alex Lin, Dwight Howard don't know what how, How old, how old is Dwight?


Probably a year younger than LeBron because he was, he was in the, the the draft class after LeBron


Don't miss Real Life. Ami Eagles, Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez in their new podcast Do Amigos. Each episode is a party where the good friends get real with each other about life, careers and everything about everything. And you're right there with them. When I discovered acting it, it, I've just found my calling. But a lot of that was just because I wasn't, I wasn't good at anything else. You know, Join the two amigos straight from Wilmer speakeasy for toast at good times. Don't be surprised if some special guests and good friends drop in and always expect lively candid discussions. Plenty of genuine moments and lots of laughter. Remember hearing this commercial, are you between the ages of 16? What is it? Oh man. Yeah. Are you between the ages one of those 14 and 16 years old? Do you think you got it takes to what it takes to to be a TV personality and commercials and, you know, morning Saturday morning shows. Listen to those amigos as part of the Michael Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears with The Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of.


I promise you if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly neighborhood country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're Shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shaking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Okay? So I'm thinking he came straight outta high school also, so he should probably be a year younger, A year younger than LeBron. LeBron. But you're only asking can you can DW and Dwight keeps himself in great shape. Yeah, the question is can he, I believe he can give you 20 minutes a night. He and Jackson Hayes alternating, you know they're gonna be, sometimes they go with a small lineup, right? But the question is, can those guys between the two of 'em, can they give you 20, 24 minutes a night? I believe they can, but they definitely need another big they. Jackson Hayes is not nearly enough. Like I said, you don't wanna play him a ton of minutes. He's a energy guy, he's gonna block some shots.


He'll Charlie some stuff at the rim. But he's a good role player and the thing is, you don't have to run plays for him because you don't need, you got enough scoring, you don't need other guys that you have to run plays for. You got Luca, you got LeBron, you got Austin Reve that can score. You got Rui, you got four guys that can score. Now you need big, I ain't gotta run no plays for you. Get it off the rim, flip backs, LOBs, can you rebound, can you challenge stuff at the rim? Because when you give up Anthony Davis, you give up one of the premier defensive players and one of the premier defensive players, but he's one of the best two-way players also that's in the game. Right? But you gave that up because he was your last line of defense. He did a lot of covering up. Anthony Davis is like makeup all the unlimited player.


That's your fault. The blemishes that you have, he could cover it up. And so that's what, that's what you need. That's what you need. So can Jackson Davis block shots? Yeah, we know Dwight. Yeah, we know JaVale McGee can challenge shots. We don't know how much tread they got. But look, you don't need you, you're not gonna get a yoic. So who I so stop looking. Right? So you just have to basically hope that one of these guys that they're able to, to secure can give you valuable minutes because Luca and a and LeBron is gonna give you plenty. Now, when, when, now I I obviously don't know, I don't know how basketball works to the extent that you do during this, during this break, during this all star break, isn't that the time you wanna already have a big coming in at that point So you can hit the ground running when you come outta the all star break and having a big, you know, the the go, the go at everybody else?


Yeah, I Mean the, the, the question is, is that Rob is, is is probably scouring at they're looking at, but like I said, there's not a whole lot out there. It's not like you got a cream of crop working a litter. Yeah. Yeah. So you only got a handful of guys out there. JaVale McGee has familiarity with the Lakers. Dwight Howard has familiarity with the Lakers. I don't believe anybody else is gonna be get cut or get on or excuse me, I say cut a buyout. Right? I don't see, I don't really see any buys happening. I think Alex Len is available. He's another big, like I said, you're not gonna get somebody that's a a double double machine. Most of the guys gonna have a older Jelle McGee's, a little older Dwight, how a little older Juve probably can give you, I would say somewhere 15, 16 minutes a night, Dwight maybe a little more 16 to 18 minutes a night.


But maybe that's all you need. Hey, does it matter that they don't give you much on the office end of the ball? No, we can. You got, if you don't, if LeBron James, that average is 25 Luca, that's averaging 28 Austin Reeds that's averaging 20. He ruined, that's average is 16. If that's not enough with the day, okay. And can sit tonight and you hope you bench Gabe Vincent can continue to get better and better. I like this guy, the this Goodwin kid that I saw, Goodwin Godwin, the kid that I saw tonight that came up the bench. Yeah, he's a scorer. You can tell when he gets the ball in his hands, he's looking to get to the basket. He's looking to put the ball in the basket. So I like what I sold him. I don't wanna get too carried away. Like I said, Utah wasn't playing any defense tonight.


But if you look at him, I followed him last couple of games. He can put the ball in the basket and he can put the ball in the basket at an elite clip. Van do's not gonna give you much on the offensive end, but he's a defensive guy. Finn Smith, he's streaky. He can get hot, he can hit you about three or four threes in the game, but you're looking for him to defend at an elite level on the defensive end. Right? So Van do Finn Smith, those are your defensive guys. Jackson Hayes is a guy that can challenge at the rim. Gabe Vincent, he's another defensive guy. So look, when you got Officer Reeves guy's gonna go at El Reve, they're gonna attack him. Guys are gonna attack Luca. Yeah. They know LeBron cannot exert that kind of defensive energy on a night.


Yeah. Yeah. So somebody's gonna have to defend somebody, but you're gonna have to defend those guys also because you got three guys that can put the ball in the basket at an elite level. Like I said, I love the way Officer Reeds has gotten better, better, better, better. We know what LeBron is. We know what Luke is. The question is, can they add another piece, which I believe will be a big, that can give them enough offense, which you don't need much. Can you give us eight points again? But what we need is defense. Can you rebound, can you defend, can you challenge, can you clog the pain? And I believe if they get that, I think they'll be okay. But this, like I said, they tried to rescind this trade. I'm not, I'm not sure.


Look, the guy has it had, he's had some injuries and he, I mean he's a big guy. Oh, Joe, he give you 16 points. I think he's almost a double double, but he's injured. And most times, I mean every once in a while, if they really want a guy, I remember, I think it was last year, maybe year, maybe a year and a half ago, the Warriors, they traded for Gary Peyton ii. He was injured, he failed a physical, but they really liked him because they had had him before, helped him with, right. And so they knew if they were getting it and say, you know what, we'll go ahead, don't even worry about it. Yes, he fell. We'll work with him. We'll let him take, because here's the thing, O Joe, I'm not trading for a guy that's going to, he injured and I gotta wait.


No bro, I need, I need, I need you to get, I need you to go. And I think that's what Apple with Anthony Davis, because Anthony was ad was hurt and he was like, okay. And he came, maybe came back a little bit too soon and so naive tweaked that abductor and now he's gonna be out some extended time. And I just saw they lost Daniel gaffer tonight. So two of the three bigs, they lost a gun. Now, hey, go Ahead. You know? No, it's funny, when, when I think about do you think Anthony Davis injury history played a part in them letting them go and not really, not really not, I don't wanna say not caring, but understanding that they could get Luca and had no problem letting Anthony Davis go simply because of his injury history.


If Anthony Davis was 100% healthy and played all the games like AC Green, you're not passing up an opportunity to get Luca Donit 25 years of age averaging 29 points a game, eight rebounds, nine assists. You're not giving that up that there's never been a trade like this before. Ocho there's never been a trade like this. Not, not at first of all. Is There a trade comparable? Is there a football trade comparable to the Anthony Luca Dante trade or is nothing even close? No, because what, what happens if you go back and look at the trades, if you say, what about Kareem? Kareem wanted to be out, he wanted to leave and come to la. Actually Kareem really wanted to go to New York, but he ended up going to the Lakers.


With that being said, right? Luca is 25 and he didn't ask to be traded. Anthony Davis asked to be traded. Guys have asked in their prime to be traded. Luca is 25, 5 time first team all NBA led the league in scoring rookie of the year. They didn't ask and they moved it. There's not a whole lot. I don't if if you really think about it, there's not a whole lot of guys that you're probably not gonna move him for. You're not gonna move him for yolk. Right? You, you're not gonna move him for Shaa. I don't know if they'll move him for Jason Tatu because they like that me, that that mesh.


But other than that, if Nico Collins would've took that to the Warriors and say, give us KD May or Steph cur Steph step is not going anywhere. Okay, Step Is not going anywhere. Nope. Steph is not going there. Joe Luki is not. Joe Kel is not going doing that. That deal. But, but at, we talked about it, what the owners said is like, okay, we finna pull something this power back, y'all got too much. Y'all been where y'all want to go and who y'all want yelling and doing all the screaming that that hey, that say shock wave because you hear all the players talking like, hey, lets us know everybody is, is touchable.


You know, it, it, it lets us know everybody's touchable, but we still don't know exactly what happened. We still don't know exactly what happened where you're getting off a player that's been putting up the numbers he'd been putting up as consistently as he has, despite, despite the, the injury and not playing since, you know, December something else is going on. Behi behind closed doors, unc especially for a player that's eligible for a supermax, you know, five year, 3 45 whatever, whatever, whatever the numbers may have been. If you are that good, if you're that good, how do you let someone go like that? What is going on behind closed doors where you let 'em go knowing that you're not gonna be able to replace that, that type of productivity, right? You're not going to, I mean, I mean you, you can get some form, but it just is not the same.


Luka doche, this summer's in line to get five years, 345, 300 $50 million, that's $70 million a year. Normally if you somebody's getting that kinda money, you don't wanna have any questions. I don't want no injury history. I don't want a guy that I have to motivate to do what he needs to do. One second. That's a lot of money. Ojo. And so what a lot of the players are thinking, well, right, to keep somebody from getting that Supermax contract. If I trade him now I save somebody else has to deal with that. But still, even if you save, that means they still can't get the supermax when you, once you get traded because now that original team doesn't own, doesn't have the bird rights.


I have a question. Yes. If you think of a player that's that good a player that's that dynamic. Now we're not, I'm not even speaking Lucas, you know, in this sense, a playlist's that great, right? With every great player. Aren't there some type of issues internally? No. Think about No, I don't think, look, Wait, say think about some of the stories. Think about some of the stories as great as Kobe was, as great as Michael Jordan was. Yes. Do you think Everything was always perfect? Well, there was no injury all, all Before. Yeah, because I think that what, what, what was, what was going on and the issues they had with, with Luca, it had nothing to do with what he does On the board.


Right? I I think the thing was is that the one thing, No matter what you thought was they were too driven, they were too motivated, right? Became in shape and basketball was the end all be all Right. And so if you invest in that kinda money, you need basketball to be the end all be all. Now, like I said, what maybe and plus ocho, I need to wrestle some of this power back because Luca is so powerful in that organization, right? If I give him his money, he's damn near the owner. You think it made it worse? And so that seems to me, Excuse me, excuse me.


I I hate to, I hate to cut you off. Do you see the kind of money NBA players make? Yeah, for sure. Even if he didn't get the super max, he's still making fuck you money. Yeah, he I'm my, my bad, my bad, my bad God dog it my bad. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. He's making fu money. Yes. You know all the players, you know in the NB making fu money. So now NBA owner trying to find a way to, you know, we're gonna pull and take some of this power back. Well it's too late now. It's too late based on the kind of money they're making. Oh, everything is guaranteed. Yes, Everything is guaranteed because there's really nothing they can do. But here's the thing though, Ocho, the player's gonna be on their best behavior because three 50, now you go down to 2 29.


Oh, don't, don't do me like that. I just said That's what man, 2 22 29, what is there that I can't do with 2 29 that I can do with three 50 that I can do just about the same thing. That's the, that's the same thing that you said when the in the NFL players, what can I do with 75 million that I can do with 50? That's a bit. Think about it. And you lean Texas with no state income tax No. To go to new, you go to California where there's a 13% tax rate, right? Right. Luka is a global star. Yes sir. And You gave him up and put him in the biggest market for the next decade.


The this is the Lakers, this is what they always do. This is what they've always done. Go back and look at the Lakers history. It started out when they got Wilt and then they got Kareem, they got Bob Macadoo, they got Shaq, they got LeBron, they got Anthony Davis, and now they got Luca. This is what they do. Right. So people shouldn't be surprised. The only thing that I think the only thing the NBA owners are upset about, bro, you ain't opened it up. Do you know what Luca would've commanded Or if everyone had a chance to give Nego Brown went for four first round picks.


Four. Do you know when Luka dungeons a 25-year-old global international superstar would've went for? So that that mean that mean Nico Collins and Roblin had some where they were in cahoots behind, behind, behind closed doors. Obviously not letting anybody know what they were gonna do simply because it's the Lakers. Where else would you want to go? But the Lakers, if the, they have to make a splash, they have to have a superstar, But the Laker ain't had the best. I bet you, I guarantee you, if they had to open this thing up, Lakers wouldn't have come close to the best package. Oh absolutely. But Rob Linker was Kobe's agent. Nico Collin was at Nike, worked with Kobe, ah, work with Jordan. Okay. Worked with LeBron. You see with now hopefully people will understand it.


It's all about relationships. I keep telling y'all, oh, it ain't about this, it's about that. No it's not. Rob and Nico had a relationship. I like that. It's this, I like this and see, you know, you know what's funny? You know what I do like, I like also is we need to be a little bit more and, and I'm asking for this, I'm asking for this. We need a little bit be be a little bit more active on the basketball end because now that football season's over, that's where I'm finna be at Watching the game Court side. Oh, I'm not about to gave him home. I'm finna use some of this Nightcap money. Boy, I'm going to say Courtside. Whatcha talking about? No, I'm ready.


I'm saving my, I'm saving my money. Where you going? I'm saving What? Oh, now you wanna save, I'm preaching you about saving all the all I ain't got no big change. I ain't got no big 84. I ain't, I want, I stopped on Nightcap live. I ain't got that. I ain't have five bracelets. Wait a minute. Hold on, hold on. I had to prepare myself for live shows. We have a tour, we have a tour coming up. So that's my stuff vicinity for the tour. Now I can put that, I put that away and that's not coming out again until April. When it's time to go on, say a tour. Now listen, you have to understand now Pat Riley and I have a relationship mic Eon and I have a relationship, I have a relationship with band by, I'm going to set court side next to the leg, next to the Lakers, next to the heat bench.


That's only $1,500. That, that's just, I don't, no disrespect to anybody in this chat. I'm not saying it's a drop a a drop in the bucket for $1,500. I could, that's feasible for me for the rest of the season after Allstar break. Oh, where I can get a better end of the game. Watch it up close. Being able to talk it so I can sound like you so I can sound like Stephen, so I can sound like Malik Andrews, you know, so I can sound like a Perkin Perkins. Yeah. Huh. Alright, this gimme, gimme give gimme three weeks. Watch how I sound out here. But yeah, I mean I, I I, I like what the Lakers have done. I like LeBron, but like I said, I can see LeBron playing two or three years for the simple fact the workload that he won.


The question is his mind, like he said, because he's LeBron James and he's been great since he stepped foot in the NBA and if there's any point in time that he can't be great, he'll walk away just like Tom Brady, Tom realized Tom, Tom Brady. Great. See people like what Tom, look at Tom's numbers, but Tom, when you are a great player, you only get compared to a younger self, you don't get compared to the other players. Aaron Rogers, right? When you look at Aaron Rogers' numbers, they weren't that bad. But you comparing Aaron to the young Aaron when he was throwing 45 touchdowns with four picks, he was 38 touchdowns with three picks. He was this and that, that MVP when you are great, it's hard for you to be anything other than great.


Right? And, and the, and the, and now all of a sudden people look at it like, damn, I'm I'm a re It's hard. It's hard, right? It's just like with some people having a large sum of money and all of a sudden they don't have that no more ojo. They don't know how to behave. Like, I had all this money, I had millions, hundreds of millions, billions. And now I just got you a billionaire and all of a sudden all you got is $200 million. Ooh man, 200 million me, you are 200 million. Like, shh, sign me up. Well, not when you've had billions, that's a whole different target game, right?


The Volume.


I'm Peter Schrager, host of Good Morning Football on the NFL network and the season with Peter Schrager podcast. Whether you're ordering wings for the game or you're whipping up a seven layer dip or you're ordering a pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizzas to buy one get one wings to whatever it is you want. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, All season long. Uber Eats is the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply and see the app for details.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad-free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com, we've done your homework.


The world is facing urgent, monumental issues and you may be the decision maker who can ascend to that next level in your career and make a global impact in the heart of Washington dc gain world renowned expert knowledge and a global network as you pursue a master's degree and turn your passion into practice. Thousands of the world's leaders discovered what they're truly capable of at the George Washington University's Elliot School of International Affairs. Are you next?


Don't miss real life on Eagles. Wilmer Valderrama and Freddie Rodriguez and their new podcast Do Amigos, where they have candid conversations with special guests about anything and everything. Join them in Wilmer speakeasy for genuine moments, laughter, and a toast to good times. Remember hearing this commercial, are you between the one 14 and 16 years old? Do you think you got it takes to be a TV personality and commercials and you know, Saturday morning Shows? Listen to those Amigos on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.