
The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments, or the flocked starry light Frasier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor. Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details


When you choose to earn your degree online From Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit SNH u.edu today to get started.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Holiday magic is in the air and Ds W's Got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more and deals. To make your budget bright, find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or dsw.com.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho, I think there was a viral clip of a gentleman that was in the attendance at the, we were at the HBCU tour and so we were on Morehouse campus and there was a guy in the background did that. Everybody said that it looked like me and people were talking. That was my son. It was all over. Yeah, I actually, I spoke to the gentleman, he's an official, he was gonna be officiating the game today between Morehouse and Clark. No, that's not my son because lemme lemme tell you, lemme tell you how kids work. Yeah. When you got money, you know about all your kids or ain't no a secret, you know about all of them, but he was great.


But that Jordan showed it, Jordan showed it to me. So my aunt asked me to my people. He looked just like you Too. Really? And then Cam, I, you know what I was showing? I think what happened is, I think somebody told him that he looked like me and then he got glasses at some point in time to really look like me. But we took a picture together. So I, I'm not sure. I'm sure he is going, he is gonna post it at, at some point in time. But somebody said he looked like you glasses and all he did Cam and Cam saw me said, you sure?


I was like, yeah, I'm sure, man. Damn. Yeah, no, but y'all leave me alone. No, but it was great. It was, it was great to be back, to be back on the campus. Like I said, I hadn't been, I hadn't been to more, hadn't been on that campus in a very, very long time. It's always, it's always great to go back and be at an HBCU and, and feel the vibe and feel the energy. It was gonna be a big game. Morehouse was trying to like finish out on the strong note. I think Clark was trying to win the win the go to the the division. Win the division and go to the, I think whatever they have. And Morehouse was trying to, to spoil it.


But it was, it was great. It's always great to get back. best super heroes. Each player get to speak six. And I get to go first. I didn't wanna read no more. I'm going first. Superman, gimme Superman. Gimme superman. Superman first. Yep. You sure? Yes. All right. I'm going super Heroes. Okay, I'm going, I'm going dead. I'm going Deadpool first then. Okay, I'm going Batman, I'm going Ironman, I'm going Spider-Man. Wolverine Hulk.


It's over. You crazy. It's over. Give me, gimme Black Lightning. He reaching y'all. Gimme Black Lightning. He reaching. No, I'm just, I'm just throwing a little color in there. I'm just, I'm throwing a little seasoning. That's all. I ain't no way you beat me. Hey. Oh, you, you done lost. My first three are better than what you just named anyway.


Nah, bro. Ask the chat Wema. See, Because I I, I done gave you three. Right. And then, you know, I'm, I'm not with segregation, so my next three is gonna be nothing but flavor. Come on. Well you sure Taking a long time over there, boss. I go Wonder Woman. Wonder Woman. I'm going bla Oh, no, no, no, no. Hold on, hold on, hold. Lemme see. Go ahead. Go ahead. I'll let you go. Go ahead. I'll take Wonder Woman. I'm Going blade Black Panther mother.


It's over. It's over now. Power man. You go with that? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, I gave, I gave you. No you, you, you ain't win this. I gave you three Aquaman. I'm going a I'm going Aquaman. That Was your last one, right? Yep. Yeah, you Hold on. That was six. Oh no automation okay. No automation. Okay was chat. Ain't no way y'all can do nothing with this one. Ain't nothing. Y'all can do nothing with this one. Whoa. Ain't nobody can help you die. Batman, haw Wonder Woman, black Panther. What you talking about? I had dead pulled Wolverine, iron Man. Oh, that three right there.


Those three right there eliminates everybody you picked. What did you talking about? And then I added the flavor, added the black superheroes blade power Man, come on man. What you talking about? Ain't nobody better than Black Panther. Alright. Ain't nobody better than Black Panther. You lost Bro. I on that vibranium. This argenx I got had me thinking I was on that vibranium. Huh? You lost, Man. Y'all this over on Joe. It's old for you. It ain't even close. Lost. I bought me to phone With you. Lucky I ain't go blank man.


You coulda went blank man. You lucky I ain't go Captain America and you know what I'm saying? I I let you off the hook. I even throw, I threw a lady there, you know, cut a whip. You know I gotta get a whip, a superhero You lost. I'm just no, ain't no ain't no way. And Ocho you owe me 79% say you owe me 70, 79%. Say you owe me 2K That They, that's, that's 70. Hold on there. I thought, I thought we just had, I thought, I thought, I just thought we had a, a kumbaya moment. A coming together moment about we did, about me having to take three Ls in less than three a three week, a two week stand. What, what Happened? Swizz beats teases the return of verses.


Man, I, during the pandemic I love Yeah. Verses really good. Especially during the pandemic. It was perfect timing. That was perfect timing. That's why the viewership was so goddamn high because there was nothing else for us to do. There was nothing for us to do. Yes. Outside of watching TV and Netflix and Hulu and all those other things. But verses was awesome versus was really awesome. The fact that it's coming back. But you gotta give us, you gotta give the people what they want. Oh yeah. You got to give people the people. Look, I love the Isley Brothers Earth Wind Fire. Oh, you want Old Snoop Dogg? Snoop Dogg, who's, oh man, I look at, I I loved it. Look, if I could have any verses, I want two Who I want Mariah and Whitney and I want Prince and Michael Jackson.


Hey, we talking about real live verses. I mean those, those are hypotheticals. That actually, That's why that's that's that's the verse. I Would Okay. I see what you mean. I see what you mean. I mean, if, if I would think about the day and a verse that I, I would, I would like to see, I would like to see a, a verse between maybe like a Jay-Z and Wayne. No, I mean, yeah. Yeah. I would like to see a Chris Brown and Usher a Chris Brown versus Usher their di their discography 20 songs. Just 20 Yeah. Twenties enough because they got, they got, they got too many songs. 20 of their best songs. Chris Brown versus Usher. That'd be good one. Good one.


That'd a good one. That'd be, that'd be a damn good one. Really, Really good. That would be, that would be a very, very good one. Who else? Well, I mean, what you want? You want rap? You want rv? I'm trying, I'm trying to think of rap. Some that where, where, where it makes sense. Something that makes sense. Nick Mina and Meg. Nah, Nick Nicki Minaj has her discography is is too big. It's Lil Kim and Nicki. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Missy Elliot and Nicki.


Yeah. Yeah. Hey, I don't know what you, y'all must have forgot about Y'all must have forgot about her, her missy, that she ain't misdemeanor for nothing. Now don't play with her. Don't play with her and her videos. Who? Oh yeah. Hey, Listen, no woman had no videos like her. Yeah. Nobody had visual, nobody had artistry or, or, or creativity. That little pint size small Ocho 5 1 5 2 pint size. But boy, Mme, Missy and Busta rhymes. The creativity in the visuals was untouchable back then. Untouchable.


Who Y'all wanna see who y'all wanna see. Who would y'all wanna see in, in a, in a, in a verse chat. Somebody say Jodeci and whoever. Yeah. That, that Guy. And Jodeci. How about we do Guy and Jode? That, that would be a good one. Baby facing Keith Sweat. Woo. I dunno. Hey that Baby. Hey, Babyface got some locker because Babyface got a lot of Cat, got a lot of stuff that he didn't say that, that He wrote.


Yep. I was just getting ready to say that. Who could we, who could we put Stevie Wonder up against? Nobody. Stevie Wonder. Yeah, he is a legend boy. He got some classics. Stevie got some classics Talking about Lil Wayne and MM That's a good one. Who you gonna put up against New Edition? New edition. One 12. Look, I look here, here's the thing, guy, look, I, we gonna, we we talking, we just talking musically.


We know the person, we know what r Kelly is alleged to have done. Right. We're not here to try to to, to right or wrong or say he didn't or whatever the case. Nobody here in this chat is qualified to retry this case. Quincy Jones just passed. Ain't nobody if it with Quincy, so not r Kelly, because he wrote Quincy wrote for too many big artists from Michael Jackson to Frank Sinatra, to Brothers Johnson, to Donna Summers to George Bens No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, produced. He didn't, I don't think he wrote a whole lot. Some no, some Ste no.


Ray Charles. Now, because I, I remember having this convers, I I remember having this conversation with, with Snoop, and Snoop said the only one that he think as far as produce would probably be Dr. Dre. But when you look at Quincy, you talking about 60 years old Joe. That's A long time Boy, that's a long time in the big From Michael to Frank Sinatra, George Benson Brothers Johnson. Listen, Ray Charles Yeah. Quincy Jones is, is damn near an octopus when it comes to the music industry. He's touched Well, he's, oh, he's touched every genre of music and it has something to do with really everybody.


And he's like a standalone. He he's a standalone. He is like, we just gonna leave him alone. We gonna go onto something else. But I mean, I I I'm anxious to see because I look when verses came on though, when it first started, oh, it was mu it was. Oh, absolutely. I I don't, I don't care who it was. I, I'm listening. Who the Usher, usher went against. Who? Jock. Who did Usher go against? Not Usher did Nelly go against somebody, but it was, it was raining in Nelly's place. Who did he go against? Luda. Because Luda went against, who did Luda go against? I don't remember. Lu Luda went against Nelly, right? Yeah. Luda went against Nelly. Hmm. That Chris Brown Usher would be a good one though.


I'm not sure who they think about getting, you know, but when they do start it back up, the, the first thing they do, it has to be two people that command the ear. You get two people that command the ear and the, in the, in the eyes of the viewing audience. You set, you gotta start, you gotta start off with a bang. Oh yeah. Oh, oh yeah. To get people back in. Oh, you gotta bring, you gotta bring some heavy weights. Bring in, You gotta bring heavy weights. You got to, to get 'em back here because guess what, Ocho everybody outside now. See, When you first had it, everybody was inside what they gonna Do? Yeah. They ain't had no Choice Now to get 'em back, to come like, okay.


It's gotta be must see it's gotta be appointment tv, right? Hell, you might have to get Usher and Chris Brown. That'd be live. But I think, I look like I said like a, a Beyonce Ain't Beyonce ain't doing this. Absolutely. So can we please stop talking about like, stop saying Beyonce. Stop saying Taylor Swift. Some people like, like a whole, you know, I just threw that out there. Yeah. Them guys ain't gonna do this. What? Absolutely not. Yeah. Maybe hell, I don't know.


I don't know what Stephanie Mills do it. Why is it always the small women that got the biggest voices? You notice that Ocho, Christina Aguilera, Tina Marie, Stephanie Mills Christian Aguila are small. Ariana Grande, small Mel, why all these, these small women got the biggest damn voices. Yeah. It's a, they'd be five foot tall. 5 1 5 2 and sing like they seven foot tall. Yeah. Stephanie Mills is Tiny Peanut. Marie Ree was tiny. Ariana Grande is tiny. Kristy tiny. They be tiny as F and vocal chords.


Crazy. Get at work. Crazy Get at work. So that's Timbaland and Swiss beat. Look forward to watching the guys. Looking forward to listening to it. Cy Taylor said, oh, I get so confused when people think you don't like the black community. Did, did not see what you did for the four Olympians who were the majority black you to go, bro, I can't You see? But see that's the power of the in internet. You see somebody says something and then guess what happens? Ocho, everybody start regurgitating that. It gets repeated this fact and they take it and run with it. So I it, it used to bother me because I'm like, where did they get this from?


Now I just don't give a f because people are, people are going to believe what they wanna believe. Why should I spend any time trying to worry about or disprove, prove what I like or dislike? Right? Okay. Y'all run with that? Keep it going. Now I wanna know how many bills that pay for you. I wanna know where that gets you in life. Because in order for you to keep running with it and keep regurgitating it, something has to be good coming for from it for you. Maybe you a content creator and it gives you stuff to talk about. But I don't, Casey, I don't spend any time worried about what people think, who I like or dislike.


They need to worry about themselves.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for Business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers. These tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This fall, watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special last chance offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't miss this offer ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart ti trau Efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase Q vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A rt.com/moa. Brought to you by argenx.


Number one, New York Times bestselling author, Jennifer l Almond Trout brings you the first book in her flesh and fire series. A shadow in the Ember, born in the veil of the primal Sarah PHUs future has never been hers chosen before birth. To uphold the desperate deal of her ancestor, Sarah must leave behind her life offering herself to the primal of death. Sarah has always known that she is chosen an assassin until the primal of death chases away the darkness within her. A shadow in the ember, available in print, ebook and audiobook where all books are sold.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what Meaningful Beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful Beauty beautiful skin at every age. Learn more at Meaningful Beauty Dot com.


One of the NFL players is an heir to a $500 million potato Empire Saint Center, carne McGregor is an eighth NFL season. And his family company is the biggest potato producer in America. Their main potato supplier of McDonald's raising cane's, Wendy's and Frito Lake chips. And when Con and McGovern was drafted by the Broncos in 20 sixteens, some of his teammates were curious why he was playing football when he could make far more money back on farming. His response, I wanted to make a name for myself and show that my hard work earned myself something and I wasn't riding the coattails of everybody. But whenever his NFL career ends, the 31 L Center said he would go back to RD what his off his family's company.


Back to research, I guess research and development though. He said he'll work his way up from the bottom just like everybody else and earn his way up just like he did in, in his football career. So the next time you're snacking on McDonald fries, remember those potatoes are likely coming from Conor McGovern, McConnell McGoverns Family Farm. That's dope. That's dope. I, and I, I like that. Most of the time when you, when you have success or a kid is born into wealth, they don't have that same drive and that work that the it takes to wanna work and actually put the work in to earn and see what it's like to have the responsibilities and what it takes to earn that kind of money to be able to support yourself. So I'm not sure if his parents raised him that way and but the fact that he is the way he is, is commendable.


And then not only for the business to already be successful, but to have an NFL career and say I'm gonna make good money in NFL and then when I do retire I'm gonna start from the bottom of the business and work my way back up to the top. Ain't too many people built like that, huh? Yeah, but but he should because I'm sure he doesn't know the business because he was like playing football, college football NFL football, like the people that's already there. Although a lot of times Yeah you right. Ocho a lot of times family members. Hey, my family company, I wanna start at a, a VP level as opposed to an entry level. Learn the ropes and work your way up. That's why I've always been impressed by Peyton Manning. His dad made lots of money.


Eli made lots of money and they gonna be number one draft picks overall and make careers for themselves. You have to commend that. When your dad is somebody, your mom, your family is somebody and you say, yeah, that's fine and good, but I want my own name. And that's what people and people used to tell me all the time, man, your brother got money. That's his money. My brother don't wanna be taking care of no grown ass man. Yeah, he got a wife and kid. So why I, I wanna earn my own, I wanna do my own thing. I appreciate everything that my brother gave me. He gave me, he gave me just enough to make me desire to get more. But on my own right. I saw the things that he had and I, and he knew, he knew I wanted to be like him.


Hey, hey bro, check this side. Look what I got. Damn Inspiring ain't it Man. And I went and got everything. With the exception. With the exception. He had a, I don't know if you remember this ojo, but in, in the eight eighties they came out with A BMW called the M three. It had a, it had a spoil on the back, it everything with the exception of that. And he had a typhoon, every other car that my brother had, I got it. You got this one. He got a Ferrari. I got a Ferrari, he got a big Benz, I got a big Benz. Whatever car he had. Right. I got because that's what I saw. That's what drove, that's what motivated me and for Conor Mcg govern family to be who they are.


And he said nah. Yeah that's good. Fine. But I want my own name. That's loud. And no matter what happens, I've had A-A-N-F-L career that's span eight years. Maybe it goes to nine 10, who knows. But when my career is over, yeah, I'm still young. Oh Joe, think about it. He'll only be 30. Let's just say for the sake of argument, his career goals another two years, he'll be 33 years of age. Yeah. He could re I mean he's made good money. He can retire if he want to, but say nah, we gonna go into that, the family business and we going to expand. So I I I bet I love that. I love, I love, I love when kids come from wealthy families or well off families and don't feel entitled.


Right. I love that. No matter what, you know what, you know what you wanna say. 'cause a lot of times they have access. Bro had access. LeBron made sure he had the best trainer, he had the best nutritionist, he had the best coaches, he had the best of everything. Right. But the kid says, I wanna make it on my own. Now he's never gonna be able to outrun his dad's shadow. His daddy's LeBron. It's just like Jordan kids, they're never gonna be out able to run the door's. Dead shadow. But just because that's my dad, I shouldn't want for myself. So you need to tell me. I can't, I can't walk to a coffee. Something just my last name is supposed to get it. I, so I commend the kids, I commend them. I love the opportunity. Look, he's supposed to, you're supposed to give them an opportunity.


All this old that's nepotism and nip your ass up my face. I, I I'm, but like I said, the I I, I want, I want the, I want I, I love when kids want to be something on their own. You know what I'm saying? Ocho my name. I can't do anything. I can't help who my parents are, what I was born into. But I have a desire to be known more by more than that. I did that on my own. Yeah. My, that's my brother. But Sterling ain't catch no passes at Savannah State. He ain't catch no passes for the Broncos or the Ravens. So no matter what y'all, and and y'all know this, you know this NFL wanna know who can help.


Can you help, can you help me win games? That's all it come down to because Sterling ain't play it over here. He played on the Green Bay. He helped in Green Bay win games. So kudos to you caught McGovern. A 25-year-old woman is going viral explaining her date with a 45-year-old. Hey there you go. Okay. That not my guy. 25 45, you know 20 year, you know eight KI can rock with that. Check us out. So. And which a 25-year-old woman is going viral explaining her date with a 45-year-old who left a hundred dollars on the table and walked out. She told him him she wanted to go to a steakhouse. He took her to Eddie v's.


Eddie V's. In Nashville. There are several the Eddie V's. But I don't one in Nashville that's neither here nor there. She ordered lamb chops, oysters and crab fried rice. After he only ordered the drink, total the cost of her meal. $159. You could hear her tell him this is usually how I order. She paid the rest of the bill after he left a hundred dollars and Walked out. I know Ocho thinking. I already know. I ain't mad at him. I ain't mad at him this way. This is the first time they going out. Yeah. I ain't mad buddy. Yeah, this ain't that. It was the first date.


It was the first date For sure. The Last and the last date. Man listen Out the real I was j gonna say IJI was just gonna say that. And and most of the time it is, it is fellas out. It is dudes out here probably that she's been with before and, and is taken out. You know, it's all about showing out. It's all about showing out on the first date because you know, first impressions are everything you, you gotta reel in. How do you reel women in by doing all the craziness in the beginning? The more the craz you are in the beginning with spoiling and spending a lot of money, the easy it is to get to get to your end goal. And that's all it come down to. It, it is all a goddamn game man. It's, it's, it is a game. But Ocho, if You start and that game is running the, the pulling off like this, That's crazy.


If I but switch. Here's the thing. Check Ocho. Lemme ask y'all this. If, if I take somebody on the first or second date and I get a private plane, what I gotta do next? Get the space shuttle. Why the hell I go from there? If I'm getting you lobster, if I'm getting you, hold on. If I'm getting you lamb chops and oysters, now granted we in different tax brackets. Okay, but I'm saying the average guy right? No. Ain't got bread like that. Okay. We, you know, we get you a sifu tower that costs four, $500. Okay, we get X, Y, and Z. That's One thing. Who But I'm saying the the, at the Sifu tower they got, they got like four or five lobster tails. They got crab falls, they got scallops, they got oysters.


That sounds like shrimp. Whatever the case may be. Huh? What, What what was the price? What was the price? You said it cost Probably about 3 50, 400. Man, y'all goddamn head man, But that's what I'm saying. But Ocho, but that's what I'm saying. On a first date. Yeah. If you do that on the first date, where do you go from there? I can't Nah, you can't go, you ain't nowhere to go. You gotta go to the moon. That's what I'm saying babe. How about we start with something? How about we start with something? You know I ain't no, I ain't no sushi so ain't no sense to me going there. 'cause I, I ain't, I ain't gonna eat it.


But can we go to like some like America cuisine? Okay. You know they got burgers or they got some fish, they got some salmon. You know they got, you know they got A-A-A-A-A-A grouper. They got some type of fish. You know what I'm Dover soap. How can, can we start ribs or, or or can we start there? Just start going to the steak and you know the steak is market price when you start seeing something with market price. Yeah. You know what it is. Huh? Now you gotta, you gotta, you, you gotta take it real old school nowadays. You gotta see what they, what they really in for and you gotta take 'em on a couple picnics, pack up some Smuckers peanut butter jelly sandwiches or something.


Pack 'em, you know what I mean? There you go. There You go. Now. Yeah. Unt The balls, cross balls. Yeah, I, I ain't making no sayables. They already got the crossed off of Gimme a couple of those. I'm saying a couple of ice ts little Arnold Palmer in the joint. I gotta see if he really like me. Couple bags of Skittles or something. See where we at first. Yeah, yeah. Now we talking. Hey I'm, yeah, I'm, I'm a simple guy. I even swap Ain't no swindle. Okay. What we doing? You use me for the ride. I use you for the ride. Not you want the pay. I use you for a day. I mean, hey even swap it can't be, Can't be. I pop the back of the trunk. We sit out back, we chilling. Good conversation. Hey look, come on now I look if you trying to be a sponsor, if you trying to be, are you trying to be a partner or you trying to get sponsored?


Ooh, hold on. I just need, hold on. I Got you. Hold on, let me hold on. Hold that Thought. What wish I I just need, Hey I can be either one. I just need to know Ocho Ram star Ko says he can play the NBA with ease. I think it would be so easy to transition from the NFL to the NBA less than three months. Listen, I I listen I as much as I love, I love PI love my NFL players, especially the lead players at the, at the NFL level. I don't think they understand. I know you go, you go to LA Fitness, you go to the, to the rec center. Maybe you play with Hoopers sometimes maybe you play with tall players sometimes. I don't think they understand the difference in how good the, not even the elite, some of the worst NBA players, how good they are once they're in a structured environment and it's disrespectful Pookah to be able to be able to say, you know what, I can come and transition.


And some dudes is good man. Even as good as you may think you are when you're playing against regular people, it's different. It's different. You, I, I understand that because I ran with 'em for, I ran with him, I ran with 'em in New York. What's the name of the gym JR. Everybody work out at New York. Bobby Five? Yeah. Man, listen man, I thought Unc, I thought, I thought I could get out there 'cause I'm, I'm quick. You know I'm fast and you know I'm twitchy man. I ain't had, listen, I, I felt bad that I felt embarrassed 'cause I had no business out there. None of my shit was working. But lemme ask you this with, but here's the thing, Ocho, when you say he can play, I ain't thinking, I don't think he's talking about he gonna go give you 15. I think he say he can get some rebound, set some picks.


I mean that's it. Man. You come off a pick unless you, you gotta be a real shooter like that. You know, come off a pick or something like that. Come off a screen. But you man, listen man, then you got them trees down there too. 6, 9, 6 10, 6 11. Man they got 40 in Verse. You got, you got two, you got twos that 6, 6, 6, 7. Man, you ain't doing nothing with that man. You ain't doing nothing with that man at all. At all. Unless you special. And he don't have that kind of, he don't have that kind of, that kind of talent. Like a Ja Moron or a Russell Westbrook where you just finna blow by people you know, based off skillset and DNA Nah, Uhuh, He got a nice little game. He was in the, he was in my, he was on my team of celebrity Allstar game. He got a nice little game.


I ain't know, I ain't say he got no NBA game. Damn. Okay, Okay, okay, okay. I'm making show now. That's why I say against regular people. He look good. Yeah, he get anybody, he get you three or four rebounds or something like that, don't you? I ain't said anybody gonna go out there and hit like four, five threes. Hey man, it's different man. What's the, lemme ask y'all this because you, what's the, what you think is the easier transition? Oh the easier transition is, is is basketball to football? You think so? Why do you say that? Yeah, Because whoa, no, no, no, no. But here's the thing. Normally guys that that transition, they play football, right. You don't see no football player say you know what, nah, Charlie Ward did Charlie but Charlie Ward played football and basketball.


Right, right. In college. And as you see a lot of guys that transitioned, Tony Gonzalez played football and basketball Jus Pepper, junior pepper, pepper football and basketball game. Ronald Curry. Yeah, but I think the thing is is that it all depends on the position. A lot of times you go to you tight end Jimmy Graham or you being a d lineman, well they ain't playing a wire receiver playing no db. Yeah. See that's my thing. When they told me Doug, when I was getting recruited in high school and they told me shit, my cousin went to Miami. Right. So he ended up playing, he was playing DN and shit. So I'm like, all right, cool. He said, man look, 'cause I ain't gonna lie, the last couple cats they brought down here, they was our size.


They made tight ends. I said, listen bro, I holler at y'all. I ain't playing no tight end dog. I ain't blocking, I ain't doing none of that. I holler at you, you, i I gotta put on another 45 pounds, two 20 like, nah dog. I'm Not doing that. Oh yeah, they put, nah, you be good. They done put 20 pounds on you. You been hell tight End. I'm straight man. I ain't blocking nobody. I ain't, nah. And yeah, I got, so yeah, I got, see that's the difference for me. See from football to basketball in intellectually, y'all are way smarter than what y'all seen. Y'all be in these meetings. Y'all know all the plays. Y'all got a a a book this long, bro. I been on teams with dudes. We got 10 plays. They don't know nothing of The.


Volume,


Oh the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort. Our fall collection offers hundreds of styles for women, men and kids at great prices, boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers flats, and our iconic all forgot a slip-ons. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're just getting started. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money up for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real-time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


With Kroger brand products, you can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices and with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop, delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com.


Now At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than a life policy. It's about the promise and the responsibility that comes with being a new parent, being their day and night, and building a plan for tomorrow. Today for the ones you'll always look out for, trust, Amica Life Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.