
This is an iHeart podcast.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC,


The NBC nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News, I'm Tom Broka. We hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Amme is there. Force firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they eped up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason it's the number one men's anti purse sprint and is back in Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


The volume The sons are expected to offer Devin Booker two years, $150 million extension according to NBA insider, Mark Stein Booker will become eligible for a two year, $150 million contract extension on July 6th. A deal he's widely expected to sign the extension would make him the highest paid player per year basis in NBA history with an annual salary of 75 million per year. Mm. Booker whose 28 is entering the second year of a four year, $220 million extension, which he had already had 180 million still remaining.


If he size the extension, it will keep him in Phoenix through the end of 29 30. Mike dang my yard. Get to that. My yard book. Hell yeah. Hey, hey. How you like, Hey, hey. How would you like to be? Hey, you would, you would like you, you two months into a contract, Hey, You know what man, you doing such a good job. We gonna give you an extension. Hey, he going into the second year, he still got two years. They added on two years. Hey, what makes it even sweeter? Hell, they ain't even make the playoffs this year. They ain't make the play in And they got swept and they got swept last year. Oh man. Are they, are They doing, are they doing that purposely, Jo and and and uncle and Joe to, to kind of keep him happy with understanding that KD is leaving.


Yeah. So I don't think he wants to leave. I think he wants to. He wants to be there and they want to build around him. He's the player. He's the, he's the player that was drafted there. Yeah. They traded for Bill, they traded for kd. So You know guys that that we drafted there, there's a, a certain level of loyalty. Not 100%. It's not carte blanche, but you're like, You know what, he's that guy plus he's 28. Yeah. 28. Yeah. Yeah. I think Go ahead Joe. Go go ahead. Ja I think the tree actually hurt him a little bit. Right? As good as Yeah. Yeah. I mean he, he kind of took a step back. But you, you gotta look before the trades, You know, with, with, with Katie and, and Bradley Bill, which are obviously amazing talents, You know, he was, he was a monster.


Yeah, right. Hell he, hell he got snubbed a couple times even making All Star game. He should have been in there. But I think they're trying to get back to those, those those years where he was kind of the ball dominant, You know, score and, and the franchise player and he's good, You know, obviously, You know de book can get to it. So You know, shout out to him and the money he getting 'cause these are new days Ocho like you don't have to make it to the playoffs. You don't have to have, but the problem is Joe, is that they got rid of Chris Paul and they moved him to the point. Yeah. He's not a point guard. Absolutely. Just because you can dribble and you can play it. That don't mean what you is so it takes away from him. Yeah, because not only because he just can't like you here too, he can just go worry about getting his, but when you the point you do have to think about, I still got KD over here.


I still got Bradley be over here. Yeah. So they, when they took, when they removed Chris Paul, I believe Chris Paul was plenty good. And I'm not saying Chris, Paul is still at that elite level and management, but Kim with book and kd, he's more than enough. Yeah. Yeah. I, I agree because Chris, Paul is cerebral, meaning, You know, he knows, he knows how to get book the, the ball in, in spots to where he can be effective. You know what I mean? He took the pressure off him as far as handling, Hey look, you just come out here and score the ball. I'm gonna make sure we get it to you in your sweet spots and you go to work. I think they had great complimentary pieces around them before they made these trades and they put him at the point and tried to use them Ally like a James Harden to where that's not what he's before and facilitate.


And it just, it just hadn't planned out for. Yep. I agree. Oh, The Ringer updates their Top 100 players ranking. Let's dissect. Here's the top 16. It's on your screen. Let me know what you Think. You got yo at one shade, two Giannis at three, Luca at four, Steph at five. Aunt Man is six. Tyree Hallberg at seven. Mitchell, eight Brunson, nine Tatum, 10 Vic, WMA 11, LeBron 12 AD 13 KD 14 Kawhi 15 K Cunningham 16 team.


So y'all are we just basing this on the playoffs? Because ain't no way, ain't no way how I look And Halliburton is unbelievable. Halliburton is not the seventh best player in the NBA guys. J you played in Indiana, You know that Joe, you played the NBA for 16, 17 years. He's not the seventh best player of jail. He, I'm sorry. Yeah. He not, he's not quite there yet. He's not quite there. I still think LeBron is the top. He's a and they got LeBron at top 10. Yes. That's crazy. Yeah. I don't know who be coming up with these lists man. They be trying to rage bait and it be working on me. Yeah. Yeah. You know what? That's this, they, they do it, they do it for the conversation.


'cause they know we going. Yeah. Oh you for sure. Yeah. Yeah. So the top, the top three I can live with. Because even though Sha wasn't the MVP Yogi is that dude? Yeah. Yo, hold on. Yogi is him. You going have to, you have to go a lot of years before you find somebody as offensively as skilled as him, right? Yeah. Hold on, on lemme say Tyrese, Halliburton shouldn't be at seven, right? He's not the seventh. The best player in the NBA, not the let's play in the NBA. Should he be off the list? No, he, I ain't say he should be off the list, but I ain't, man, I'm not, I'm not taking him, I'm not taking him over LeBron. I'm not taking him over ad I'm not taking him over KD Kauai healthy.


Right. So he down there towards the bottom or something. Huh? I mean, Tom 20 maybe I'm taking, Hey look, I'm taking him over. Koala. You taking him over Kawhi? Yeah. Right now? Yeah. Hey, no, you taking him over with D book? Dee book ain't on the list. That's yeah, that's crazy Mo, I'm, I'm serious. I think, You know, they being a prisoner of the moment because book was 19th. Book was 19th. You say he he better than ad? No, J you gotta take your heart outta jail.


You gotta take your heart out jail. We, we can, you gotta keep it one, one pound. You gotta take your heart out J hey. No, I know, I know, I know. 'cause you probably gonna see him, but we gotta take your heart out. Nah, come on boy. You know, You know, You know I, well I'll give, damn, I'll give damn on all that shit. You know, be honest. We, hey jail, we from the side, You know, we do. We gotta be honest. Right. We can't lie now. So, so I'm, I guess it's, it depends on how you look at this. If he comes out, okay, lemme make, show this question. If he comes out and he looks the way he look when he had the 30 point triple double the rest of the way, how would you feel? Yeah, but I haven't seen enough of that because what you just told us earlier, he gave us a 30 point triple double, then he come back and give us a, give us a 15 pointer.


Well and not be and be passive. Well and I think that some of that is the same thing we see with Anthony Davis. 'cause we seen Anthony Davis give us a 50 20 game and then the next game he give us 12 and eight. You're like, Hey d really dude? Well, okay, I can say this though, I remember my last year was with the Golden State Warriors. Yes. And with Steph Curry, I used Steph Curry for example. Right. Steph was kind of in that, in that development stage. He was kind of, You know, on the, on the doorstep of like star to superstar. Right. And he kinda had those Yeah. You know, gets, I remember gets the Clippers in the first round. He kinda had that up and down. Maybe not to the point of what Tyrese as far as not taking shots, You know, until late in the fourth quarter.


But that's what it reminds me of. Right. If You know, he, he is like at the door trying to understand what it looks like to be a superstar. Right? Yeah. And so that's why I say it's hard to like say yes or no right now. Because if he comes in to turn this thing up and have a great running in this thing, that could be a spearhead to him to take the next step to say he's the top. So you Right. Asked me, okay, I'm gonna be better. You asked me. That was as of today, right now. I said no, he is not a top 10 player, but I think he's close. Yeah, I agree. Hey look, if I'm sitting at home and, and and, and I'm Joel Embi or I'm Ja Moran and I'm looking at this list, I'm pissed. I'm like, hey look, the next one they come out.


I guarantee you I'm being top 15 on that. Yeah. You know, I know those guys have been bogged down with injuries, You know, but when they healthy and they're low, they're low and it's, yeah. I mean it is hard for me to see that that still curry. And I know Steph is great, but I don't think he's selling spots better than LeBron. Oh, he gotta take your heart out too, huh? I I listen LeBron averaged more points, more rebounds, more assists. They won more games. They shot, he shot better from the field. I mean, what we doing here? Jail? No, what what, what was Steph this year in, where did they finish?


In the west was in the play in Oh, they was in the play in Nah, we, the Lakers were third. Steph never, what was Steph? They might have been, they they, hold on. They were seventh. Yeah, they were in the play in Yeah. Bond for sure. No question. That 4 40, 41, he's for sure top 10. That's, that's crazy. It got my, it's crazy to even say that right? For him without, I mean, what that what? Yeah man, that is insane. Listen, we've all played, You know, played a professional sport and once you hit them forties, even 30 eights, like, it is, it's different man to, to be able to take your body through that rigorous season, You know, year after year and still be a top tier guy.


Man, come on man. They gotta put more respect on their man name I think. I think Brian is likes like people fatigued. Yeah. They're giving them credit. They're fatigued. Absolutely. And I think to a point, yo, they're getting fatigue with Yoic, right? Yeah. Just could have easily won it. Won a fourth. Oh shoot. Yeah. Right. So, You know, I think people need something else new to talk about. Because if you keep saying the same thing about LeBron Greatness, You know, people aren't gonna re tweet. I always think that everything come back to can you repost or retweet it. Right. But You know, hell yeah. LeBron is, You know, one of the best ever to play the game. So he and at 41 or 40 41, he for sure he might be top eight.


Alright, Jermaine, we go jail, we gonna get you out here on this one. LeBron responds to the no bag comments and mind the game podcast and shuts up haters. He says, I see it all the time, I'll be on social media and it'd be like LeBron has no bag. LeBron has no bag. I'm sitting here with 50 billion points. That's it. That's what I got. Say. When is you gonna say about that? I mean, all these people that got bags, lemme ask you a question. Of all the people that got bags, how many of them gonna have more points than LeBron? Nobody. Nobody. No, nobody. So I'm talking about whoever got the bag, whoever we think has a bag, Kyrie James Harden, Steph Curry, who else we think got bags?


Who going have that many points? No, nobody. Hey listen, I don't think, I don't think Michael Jordan had a bag like that when you talking No, he was just, yeah. Yeah. He wasn't his career getting Yeah. He wasn't handle that pay like Ky and Steph Curry. No, but he was, he was efficient getting to his spots and when he, when he raised up the shoot, it wasn't nothing you could do. You just had to hope he missed. Yeah, but lemme ask you, but this isn't thing that I'm, and I'm a, I am a Jordan fan, right? Yeah. So, You know, I respect the greatness of LeBron and the greatness of Kobe. Right. All like, why is it in basketball? We gotta tear down one to, to love the other. That's almost every sport when you, we that's, that's what debate television has done.


Ja, when you pick, when you pick one, you gotta high, I gotta, I gotta accentuate my guy while all the while addressing the flaws of your guy and in the flaw and addressing the flaw. It looks like I'm hating, but I'm just pointing out weaknesses in his game while accentuating the hives of my guy's game. Right. But Ocho is it happening that way in football from a quarterback perspective? Yeah. Yeah. Yes. All, all the time. You do it all. We ma like Brady Mahomes, we had P Manning. Yeah. Yeah. You do, you do that once debate because you gotta pick a side. The days are like straddle the fifth.


You used to be. Well, I like 'em both now. You can't, you can't be on tv, you can't be on radio, you can't be on podcasts because people go to Well, hell I could have said that. Right, right. Yeah. But I you, you, I'm not saying no damn reels of of Peyton and Brady versus Brady or whoever else. The way that you see it on LeBron, like, I see it's like this. It's like, well, Jordan did this or this or LeBron didn't do this as an or vice versa. Right. It's like, ain't on social media. I'm like, why is it, why is that such a divide? It didn't used to be, it didn't used to be like that until debate television came along. Jail because there was never a situation where we debating bird and magic like that. Right. We didn't, we didn't do it like it is.


Right. But here's the thing. Prior to this, nobody had ever had, what LeBron had, the points, the rebounds, the assists, the all MBAs, the all stars, the MVPs, the finals MVPs. So nobody was really even close to really have a comparison because nobody had been a four time finals. MVP. Right. LeBron got that. Nobody had that many MVPs. So when you started and see bigs, we completely removed bigs from the equation. Kain got six for MVPs. He didn't nobody talk about Kareem. Russell got five, Chamberlain got four. But don't nobody talk about the bigs because man, somebody gotta get them the ball. Right. The other guys that we talk about, they can take the ball and do what they need to do themselves.


So it, it's, that's where we are now. But it's only, it's only in sports where you can have a, a comparable comparison because you don't see it in baseball. Ain't nobody being compared to Barry Bonds, nobody being compared to Walter Johnson or Greg Maddox or all these great. It, it is just, and for whatever reason it is basketball and football. Oh, that damn boy. LeBron James. He LeBron James. He, he, how many we gonna get? How many more, how many more years did he play jail? You give him one year? Two year. Three years? I think he done after this year. You think he done after year. Okay. 23.


You know Bryce, Bryce could be eligible to come to the NBA. You know, If he do that, I'm a golden. Right. If he can get, if he can get both his kids in there, that first of all would be, that'd be amazing to, You know, to be honest. But to just see that man play with his son and have that, that level of longevity, that consistency, You know, to, to keep his himself together and still play at the highest of levels. It's not, he's not gonna see that again. You ain't gonna never see that again. That's historic. Historic. Yeah. You know, when you think about, you think about today's players, today's game, the, the type of money they making, like the Yeah.


The, the, the grind that you gotta put into that. Mm. You know what I mean? To, to to, to have that type of longevity. I can't see it happening again guys that record when, whenever he's done however many points he put up, man, it ain't going to, ain't nobody catching that. I don't see it either. Because I don't know if anybody, because he's been the one guy that's been able to play and avoid the big injury. Yeah. Everybody's had a knee, we see guys getting Achilles and things like that. Jail LeBron James has been able to avoid that injury. Yeah. Those type of injuries that sideline him for 50, 60 games or an entire season. Well I say this to y'all, y'all know this off hand.


We talk about the physical ability and, and what it take to put that together. But we know when we on the other side of the hill mentally and emotion. Oh man. Yeah. You see it coming. You know it to talk yourself in it. You hurting body aching knees hurt ankle bad. Yeah. Yeah. Just, just to, man, you don't even want to go to the bathroom jail. Your body hurt your ankle. The knees hurt so bad. Like, I think I could, I think I could wait one time. Is it? Yeah, I got another two hours in. I can wait. I ain't walked barefoot in, in almost 18 years, bro. I I don't walk barefoot either. My, my, I hurt too bad. Yeah, right. I got on, I, hey, I got on, I walk, I walk around with Crocs or sandals in my house.


I can't, Hey, I ate. Alright Joe, man. Appreciate that man. Alright Joe, appreciate you breaking down the game. We to join us game man. Hey come back again. Food. Alright bro. Anytime man. Appreciate y'all having me all appreciate you. Yes sir. Alright, here we go. Ocho this is, now we, we, in your realm, Lamar Jackson is now the only a FC starting quarterback without a Super Bowl appearance. A FC North. Yeah. Aren Rogers, he beat the Steelers in Super Bowl 35. Well, I'm saying, but he, he beat the Steelers. So he's been the one, Joe Burs been the one we know F Flaco has been the one.


Lamar Jackson has not. Is will this be the season that Lamar Jackson gets to a Super Bowl? You know what, I don't know if it's gonna be the season, but he will get that before he is done playing. I know that much that a FC North is so unpredictable, especially with, with, with the Bengals. I'm not sure how they will start off this season. You can kind of count, you can kind of count the Ravens and Ravens and being in every, every season as long as Lamar Jackson is there, regardless of what pieces he has around him, him alone can get them to the playoffs by, by, by himself. True. And then support he has has always, always been phenomenal and but you always know the Mark Jackson gonna give you this. It's like when you, when you watch, when you watch Jannis play Unc, like you said, yeah, he gonna get that 30 and you watch SGA play, he gonna give you that 30.


That's the same way Lamar Jackson is. That's why he gets paid the big, the big bucks As far as the Super Bowl is concerned. I'm not sure if it will be this year, but if it is this year it will be because they go to the playoff games each week and they have no effing turnovers, no turnover. That's the only reason that kept them out. Yeah. Because they went nine weeks into the regular season and didn't have a turnover Ocho Mm. Yeah. Yeah. And you get to the biggest game where it matters most and you turn it over twice and then you still almost had the opportunity to come back and win. Yep. But That's what it comes down to, You know, so I, I'm excited for him even at, even as a Bengal man, I'm, I'm, I'm excited for Lamar in general, You know, to, to take my my Bengal beal stardom, You know, I can put that aside and, and actually root for the young bull man to want to see him do.


Well you Mean fandom? Yeah. Look just said, But I said Stardom. Oh my bad. I I'm in fandom. Yeah. You know, just as Much as I, we, we know what you be. That's Ocho that's Ocho talk of y'all leave give a break. That's Ocho. Yeah. I just, I just, I would, I would just wanted to see him do well, man. Joe, what you think this the year? I, I think so. You know, they, they, they went on a, a great run I thought this past NFL season. And for me, I feel like they got everything in they toolbox as far as defense offensively. They're high power offensive machine and I can see it happening. I can see it happening.


You just need to get the one Ocho. That's it. Get that monkey off your back. Gotta get That. He too good. I mean, he too good. I mean, he's too good. I mean, look at, he could, he could easily be a three time league. MVP Ocho. Yeah. He's got two. They cheated him. Look, this, I think this was like the second or third time this ever happened. Right. A guy that, because normally the guy that, the quarterback that goes to the, that is the AllPro, he normally wins the MVP. Yeah. 87. It happened with Joe Montana. Joe Montana was the first team All-Pro quarterback John Elway won the MVP. Did it happen another year? I think it happened two or three times.


This was the, this was the second or the third time that it happened. I know it happened in 87. 87 was the strike year. I was, that was my sophomore year in college. I I remember that. So Oh, you saying he just need to get there If he get there and play Well, You know, we like, well You know what Dad ain't nothing do. It's kinda like Tom, when Tom lost two, when he lost to the Eagles, he threw for 500 yards. Yeah. They was like, well he didn't stop anybody. Yeah. He just needs, he needs to get there. I let him get there and then I worry about whether he plays well or not. I just want him to get there. That's, that's all I want. I, I just want, I don't want, I wanna see him on that big stage.


Yeah, man, that's a hell of a division they in. That's a gauntlet. Boy. You got a Yeah. And you, and you think about it, you still got look because you got at a c you got Joe Burrow and you got him in the same division. Yeah. You still got my homeboy and you got Josh Allen You need now you just added Aren. You Aren Rogers in there. You know, you don't know what Aren rods you going to get. Right. You ain't gonna get Aren rods of old, but you're gonna get glimpses and, and then hot flashes. Right. What he used to. Yeah. And that is just enough to get him, steal his fan, steal his fans hope and the organization in general, which is why they waited on his ass.


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you as a military spouse. Your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American Public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless. Way too much. Please. For the love of everything, goodness world, stop with Mint. You can get Premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay. One judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price. Plan options available. Taxes and fees. Extra CFL terms@mintmobile.com.


Hey, This is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic and a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zeep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the e to start losing this week. Future health Weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


The NBC nightly News legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Broca. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


Not all Steeler fans are excited about Aren Rogers siding with their team. Especially this one. No, let's take a listen. Look at this video, Joe and Joe Today. Yeah. June 5th, 2025. I'll never be a stellar fan again. Mm. Okay. Autograph Minka jersey. I'm burning all Mike Taylor stuff I I'm already done Is side. If he got bearing Rogers, I can't do this anymore. You, you kill us. You keep killing us. You let go George Pickens. You know what I mean? You let go Justin Fields. He could have, he had a potential to be something. It just, it's crazy. It's sad. So again, today is my last day being a Steelers fan, so thank you Rooneys.


Thank you Tomlin. You really did it. Mm, bye-bye. I keep, I would've kept my jersey Ain't Nothing. I come back O Joe if, if I don't like somebody joining the tee, okay. I put my, I'll put my fandom aside and when he leaves, I come back. Yeah. Hey listen, he, he lying because listen, if he a true Stealers fan, he'd be burning something. A a recent jersey. He burning a mink fix Pat. Man. Mink ain't been there in hot goddamn damn long. He, He'll Stealers Mke still there. Oh. Think about Mke went from, from the, from the dolphin, Suzanne. Nah, nah, nah, nah. He ain't no real, he no real fan. He ain't no real fan. He ain't No real fan.


Hell nah. Ain't no real fan. A real Fan gonna stay there. Gonna stay down on Hold on. How you a steal his fan. Right. How you steal? You're Steelers fan. You understand what you have at the quarterback position. Right. Knowing you don't have a chance to win what you have to play quarterback for you right now, you've already seen before, but you mad Aren Rogers who's whose eons better, even as bad as he was last year. Eons better than what you have right now, but Oh, now you don't wanna be a fan of more you burning Mingle Stack Jersey. Yeah. Come on now. I Think you at least gotta give it a chance. You, I mean season ain't even started yet. You know, you, you long with from the C Yeah. I mean you what probably what not a hundred days. So you still got all of July, August.


Yeah. Man, give it a half. Yeah. Yeah. You, you still probably about 90 something days, don't you? This is what Cam Hayward said. Thoughts, first off, why mink us jersey? That's bonkers. Second. Why burn? There are plenty of people that needs clothes. Third, you going to regret it. I, I don't know about the regretting part, but I wanna Know when did this, when did this start Burning Jerseys, Joe? It's LeBron. Yeah. Yeah. When LeBron did that, going to Miami. The decision, The choice. The decision. Yeah. Yeah. Them people went That was the, that was the, I could be wrong, but that was the first time I saw it, I think. Yeah. I could have been wrong. It might have happened before, but I don't, I I don't recall seeing it.


Yeah. Like wait a minute, they burning jerseys. Didn't y'all pay for them? Exactly. That's The first how you burning something? You paid for A burn. It's a signed jersey. Hey, it's emotional decision man. You know, some people can't control it fellas. They can't control they emotions. They have to, they have to lash out. It's just part of it. Oh, we gotta good one Joe guys. Jordan Love can't wait to face Aren Rogers when the Packers play the Steelers. Mm. The Packers visit the Steelers on Sunday night football week eight. And Jordan Love already has it circled on his calendar. It's going to be fun. It's going to be awesome. I'm excited for it. I can't wait to be on different sides meeting up and You know, we'll talk pre-game, things like that and hopefully we can exchange jerseys afterwards.


I appreciate definitely the way Aren the Arod handled being in that situation. I think a big part of it, which he told me was he knew how it was for him being in the same position and the things that went through the way the situation might have been handled differently. I think his perspective was, I'm trying to go about it just a little bit differently, which I think was awesome in my time with Arod. We had a great relationship. It was a, it was awesome being in the same room with him, being able to learn. He was amazing with everything and I definitely appreciate the way he handled everything on the outside with obviously him leaving and me taking over. It's been, he's been very supportive of me since it's definitely helped me with some of the negativity that might've come with that.


But Aro handled it like a pro and did every and did very right by me. Hey, I think what, what is it, eight weeks, that's about halfway through the season, right? Yep. So I, I think a lot of it's going to be determined on how, how Arod holds up, what it gonna look like if Kenny he stay healthy or will he have fresh legs, You know, throughout this season to be effective or You know, to be able to be that quarterback that distillers need to get over the hump. Yeah. I definitely think Arod learned being in a very situation that Jordan Love was in. Yeah. Came in there was a three time league MVP quarterback, a guy that had already been to the Super Bowl, had won a Super Bowl, been to another one that very, wasn't very receptive of him being there.


Yeah. And Arod said, You know, probably looked at it like, man, if I'm ever in that situation, I don't know if I handle it like that. Yeah. Tastes a lot. It's easy. It's, it's, it ain't easy. Nah. The better the player, the bigger the ego Ocho and we know who has the big, we know who has the bigger, the biggest egos, they just do the best job of hiding it. I've told people that since I was on television 20 plus years ago. I said the guys with the biggest egos are the quarterbacks. They just do the best job of hiding it because they've been quarterbacks their whole life. Normally their dads or some of them been coaching and tell 'em how to do it. So, but You know, why receiver the corners, we just can't, we just couldn't help CO Ocho.


Right, right. Hey look, something if it came up, it's coming out. Yeah. Tell me something. Okay. Ocho he had just came off, what, two MVPs right back to back, back to back MVPs. So I don't know May maybe, maybe aro seen the writing on the wall as far as them trying to move on. Like y'all said, You know, he'd been in that position before he seen this movie before. It is a rerun to him. So he probably didn't wanna be a part of that. Well the thing was that they, they got tired of him holding the, the, the organization hostage. Well, I mean, ain't nothing changed. Right. Yeah. So they was like, okay, you, they took the, the moment they drafted the quarterback, they took the power back. Yeah. And he knew it. Yeah. That's why they did it.


That's why he was upset. And now, and listen, listen now I gotta piggyback based off, you heard what you just said. Now you see why Tomlin wasn't allowed to get a quarterback while Ben was still there based on the relationship that Ben had with everybody upstairs because they understood it would piss him off and the relationship with them upstairs was much, much, much better than that of been in the, been in the head coach. True. Yeah. I'm just throwing that at back. I'm throwing that back out there. Jamar Chase gave his Mount Rushmore of NFL receivers. He got Antonio Brown, Cooper Cup, Calvin Johnson, Jerry Rice Ocho, you like his list? Fuck yeah, AB Calvin Johnson.


Oh, you got him over Boston to, I mean no, that's his list. That's why that's that's why it's his list, You know. Oh, Jose. Nah, nah, I ain't going that far now. Oh no, I ain't, I ain't going. But listen, it, it's, there's about 10 players Unc when you ask somebody's top five Joe. Yeah. When it comes to receivers and it's based on preference at that point. Yeah. It's based on, regardless of what the numbers may be when you say certain names like you can't go wrong. Yeah. You, you just can't go wrong. It just come down to preference on the type of player you like and what they did when they played. Yeah. But it's so many that, that, that, that belong in that conversation. If you just take numbers away, I know it's always about numbers. Everything's always about numbers. But when you talk about Jerry Rice and, and and, and Randy Moss and to, and ab and Megatron and Larry Fitzgerald, like, it's all interchangeable except Rice.


Rice is in the classic his own. I also wanna Justin Jefferson Cheetah and, and he just, you Gotta see Jerry Numbers after he turned 30. That's what people, Jerry had 1200 receiving yards at 40. Hey, I saw a breakdown. Somebody broke it down. Somebody broke it down on Twitter and broke it down. And I, I was like, what the hell it it, it was crazy. He Had like, it was crazy. He had like 10 thou, he had over to like 12,000 yards at, at after 30 30. That's that dog. That's, And and a lot of that it, it, it was a running league, but ab ab was phenomenal. I wish AB could have just like kept it together for a couple more years.


Oh, he had, he had a stretch on, hey, he had about a six, seven what, six, seven year, eight year stretch. Talking about nobody could do nothing with him. No. Hey Nathaniel, nothing. No man, that joke was quick as a cat on a hot tail rule. Hey boy, you were nice boy. He was nice Cooper Cup. The thing is, but if you think about it, Ocho Cooper Cup only really had that one season, That Triple Crown year. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't think he might've had two seasons in which he had a thousand yards Yard before that. Actually it is. You said it just Right. He had two seasons previously before that Triple Crown Year.


No, I think he had two seasons total and one of 'em was that Triple Crown season. Good Polo Cooper Cook. I, I, I think I could have score. I'm, I'm, if I'm not Mistaken, because remember he got, remember he tore his ACL Remember that Super Bowl year? He tore his ACL wait year. They played the, In Atlanta. He, he had a thousand season before that. I know Cooper Cup. How many thousand yards seasons he had? I think he had two. I I guarantee he had two before that Triple Crown year watch. He had two total. I told, You know that's what I said. No, I said two including the Triple Crown year. Yeah. Not two before, two total.


Including the Triple Crown. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. Okay. Okay. I I ain't, I I I damn Look, listen, listen, being able to achieve that triple crown man in itself is, that's, that's hard. That's difficult. That's, that's, that's difficult. That's difficult being consistent all year long. Not getting hurt. Shit. What'd you wanna say? Four time Pro Bowl running back. Nick Chubb is expected to sign a one year deal with the Houston Texans. The signing is contingent on Chubb passing a physical.


The former Cleveland Brown running back would join the Hu Texas running rushing attack led by Pro Bowl Russia, Joe Mixon, Damien Pierce Dare Gule in fourth round pick Woody Mark out of USC Ocho. You like this? Yeah. I mean, yeah, I do. I like it. I like it. I mean, I'm not, doesn't take away some of, some of the Carries away from, from Joe. I'm not, I'm not sure how that's how that's gonna work. I'm I'm sure they'll find a way. They'll find a way to make it work. I, I don't, I don't think with Joe being a, a number one runner back and bringing in another one number, nother number One, you just spell him.


So, I mean, you look, you still got Damien Pierce there. You got Ung aba Walle. Hey, that's a lot. Yeah. Fourth round pick Woody Marks. There ain't no guarantee he gonna make the team Ocho Woo mick Chubb man. Woo. Oh, stop playing man. Come on now. Don't don't do that. What you mean? Ain't no guarantee. Hey, I just seen score. I just seen Chubb squatting 750 pounds last week talking about ain't It ain't a power lifting meet. Hey listen, he's a power runner and he always has been. Ain't nothing pretty about him. And when you look at Nick Chubb, when you nick walk dress, You know, in the locker room right where they had the, they had the little mannequin on the wall.


Yeah. On how to Without him. That's Nick Chubb guess how he from the ball? Hey, well listen, listen, he's, he's a, he's a downhill runner man. He's really good. He relies on his offensive line, You know, to get him going. And I, I, I don't, I don't know, I, I just, I just, I don't really like, I don't like that move of having two number ones or two really, really good running backs on the team like that. I mean, it, it, it is similar but it is two of the same type of backs. I could see if you had something like a Jamer Gibbs and the Day of Montgomery, but you got two, two of the same things in the backfield. Really? Or maybe I could be wrong Now. Maybe I Could, maybe I could be wrong.


But Mixon catches the ball a little more. He's a little more shifty. He's not the kind, he's not the really the same type. Joe Mixon is kind of more like a Damon Pierce. He more of a, of a power runner. I don't really know Woody Marks, so I don't really know a whole lot about him. So I can't speak to that. But, but Joe got a little bit more wiggle, little bit more twitch to him than, than the chug. Chubby is all power. When you, when you squatting 600, 700 pounds, you, you are a power runner. Yeah. I mean, hell, I was do, I was doing that in high school. I mean, so, man, all right. That's a nice little combo back there though. Nice little combo. Big Fella Ocho still ain't paying me my money. Titus.


What you think about that man, Titus? Oh, when I get back, when I get back to Atlanta, I got, I'm gonna, I'm gonna put my big boy on the screen. They look exactly like that Black mask. Yeah, black mask with that, with that tan coat. Exactly Alike. Joe, you at Joe? Nope. You in new, I'm in Detroit. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, good. Yeah. Okay. We, we, we got out here with my big three team Detroit Amps. We doing a little mini training camp before we take off to Chicago. This, this upcoming weekend and playing our first game. So, okay. Hey look. Okay, it's, it's on tv. Oh yeah, it's gonna be on CBS baby.


You already know Prime time. Stop playing Y Ooh, y'all got money bro. I'm finna be, I'm be tuned in now. Come on Now. Come on now. Come on now are, Hey, I don't know if I'm gonna be able to buy you dog food. Ocho, Ocho got your 5,900 man. Ocho got your buddy. Hey CD Lamb speaks about the worst ever contract hold out in 2024. He missed all training camp and mandatory mini camps in 2024 off season. The Cowboys and Lamb found middle ground with less than two weeks left in the season. Opener CD talked about missing off season practice session and it might have been impacted last year's performance.


I know. So I know what somebody over Nightcap crew said. But anyway, honestly, it was the worst. It was the worst ever. Do you hear me? For those who know me, they know how serious I take this football stuff. Like with everything in me, I pride my body, mind, soul, everything I got into winning and the result of it. And obviously preparation goes into that, You know, and for me to miss out on right preparation with my team, my quarterback, my guys just building those bonds off the field, whatever the case may be. You know what I'm saying? Like, I missed out on that. Hey, I agree fellas. Look, rhythm and timing, you can't make that up. You cannot make that up. You gotta be out there. You gotta be in the thicker, you gotta be tuned in.


And I, I thought that the entire season. I'm like, man, CD gonna come back. He probably gonna have a week of preparation. It ain't gonna be no good year. You know what I mean? My thing about to getting Nick Ocho, You know how it is, man. When you come in there and they try to put all back, they back put get all the time that you miss, they try to put it back in a couple of practices and now you got soft tissue, you got a calf, you got a hamstring, you got a quad, you got an adductor or something like that. I'm like, damn. Yeah bro. Yeah, I just got here, let me build up. I ain't gotta get all these practices back in the two days. Hey look, that's probably why they, they probably blowing up your phone, making sure you working out, getting a little training on your own versus just kind of sitting around waiting, You know, to kinda see if things going to pan out.


But yeah, I agree man. I think having this, this off season with the, with the crew, I think they, I think, I think them boys gonna be much better this year. Ocho, They, they gonna be all right. They gonna be all right. Listen, I said they were gonna be all right anyway. Even, even if they didn't have George Pickens, I think it would've been a better year for them. But the addition of him offensively, I don't know what they would look like defensively, but offensively, I know them boys finna shake some things now. They finna shake some bikes now and they didn't have no choice. Jerry didn't have a choice but to make a move like this with every, every other team in that NFC improving around them. Yep. Look what the command is doing. Look at the Eagles we share. You already know what the Eagle's doing. Woo. You know? So in order, in order to, to compete in that NFC by itself, just in your division alone, forget getting to the playoffs.


I need to be able to compete in my own division. You gotta improve as much as you can and stop playing around and hurry up and pay Micah. We, we we'll be waiting for on that end. They do, he does the same thing with every player every year. Wasted the last every year. I don't understand what JI He tried, he tried, he tried to circumvent David mug letter. And I like Michael Michael like, I don't have to be, I don't have to be the highest paid. I'm saying that publicly behind the scenes. Go get that money Dave. And thank you. Thank you. Go get that money, Dave. I'm saying that all the right things publicly. Yeah, yeah, but privately. Hey, when that contract is announced, I'm the high fade non quarterback.


I, I'm, I jump, I leapfrog Chase As it should be. Jalen Carlos Jalen, Jalen Carter says his, says Hamburger Helper is his favorite food. My mom cooks Hamburger Helper. I love it. I can eat it. Every day she calls me to come eat. And when I get the plate, it's gonna be a minute. Yeah. That's my, Hey, you a real one. You real One hamburger helper. I never forget them days. What we tell you talking about hamburger? I ain't Never had no hamburger helper. Man, stop it. What? You ain't never What? I had no hamburger helper. Man. Come on man. See, You know what?


That's another story. You know what? My grandma, my grandma, my grandma ain't had no no money helper. So, so unless you got money help, you can't get no hamburger Helper. A hamburger, hamburger. You know that. It is, it, it is very expensive. Even still to this day now. I'ma have, i'ma have to have get, get me some. Oh man. Hey, Fuck. Ain't, ain't nothing. Ain't nothing. You ever had Cream of wheat? I've had cream of wheat. I ain't, I I'm a grits guy. Okay. Okay. Joe, you grit's a cream of wheat. Cream of wheat? Yeah. You from Talking about cream of wheat? Yeah. I ain't, I ain't no grits guy. Huh? My, my granddaddy used to use that evaporated milk with the, with the cow in the can.


You know what I'm talking about Borden? Yeah. Well, like, okay. You know your star Bro. We used to, I wasn, You know what Ocho it wasn't until I got grown that I realized that you weren't supposed to drink, that you wasn't supposed to eat that you cooked with that milk. I, I wonder why my stomach was always to up, I was like, every time I eat cereal, y'all, I had like, I was like, dang. I was like, why my stomach every time I eat cereal? Yeah. My stomach be messed up. It wasn't until I got grown, you supposed to cook with evaporated milk. You don't supposed to just eat look at joke. Yeah. And then it, that shit was thick as hell bro. Man Running through me light water through a foreign tourist.


You know what I'm saying? Hey, we used to get some cereal eating jokers, boy. I'm talking about at least five, six bowls a day. Yeah. Yeah. Mike like, Hey, I tell you what, you better let, Hey, you better make that cereal last until a granny get another paycheck. You eat four, five bowls if you want to, you go go a whole week or two without it. Hey. Oh, I was the only one in the house. Mom, be at work. Hey, I'll be, I'll tap some cereal up. I'm gonna go through some cereal, but hey, it wasn't, no, we eating cornflakes, Cornflake. Hold on hold with that big old roost on there. But you ain't getting all the other stuff. No Cheerios, no Frosty Flakes, all that other stuff, You know, fruit Loops and dig 'em smacks and, and and, and, and Cinnamon toast.


You wasn't getting none of that. You know, We did have some king vitamins. And then don't hit your mama. Talk about it. It's only a little bit, a little bit of milk left. It ain't enough milk with a cereal damn water through that shit. If you don't some water through that milk. Hey Ojo, put a little water that thing and shake that thing up so you, because you don't shake it up. Good. That water gonna be sitting right there on the top. Oh, I ain't remember them days, bro. Woo.


When it's PCS time, You know the drill pack research to new base. Get the kids in school because family supports family at American Public University, we support military families with flexible, affordable online education that moves with you As a military spouse, your tuition rate is the same as your partners. Just two 50 per credit hour. American Public University education that moves with you. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Hey, this is Jenny Garth from I do part two Ozempic in a Pill. It's Oral Semaglutide and is now available from Future Health. Go to future health.com to get affordable access to Oral Semaglutide, Ozempic, and Zep Bound for only $3 a day. No insurance needed. Visit future health.com future without the E to start losing this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


The NBC Nightly News Legacy isn't handed down or NBC News. I'm Tom Brohan. You hope to see you back here. I'm Lester Holt. It's carried forward. Tom Yame is there for us. Firefighters are still working around the clock. As the world changes, we look for what endures. We Are coming on the air with breaking news right now. We Look for a constant and from one era to the next. Trust is the anchor for NBC Nightly News. I'm Tom Yamas. A new chapter begins NBC Nightly News with Tom Yamas evenings on NBC.


So we all made mistakes, right, but on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and order protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started a oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and I bring it back to the og cool rush cent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti persin for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried, it might be a good time to try. See what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


Alright, Ocho, we got something. The owner's box posted a picture asking, you're staring down the barrel of a 10 hour flight nonstop. Yeah. The question is simple. Who are you sitting next to? Okay, lemme see. Yeah, honey, get me next to Mike Tyson Where I'm at. I don't even, I'm on there. Yeah, that shoulda had me and you on there. I don't see me where I'm at. Oh, there we go. You not. That's what I'm saying. They shoulda had me and you. They put me with Mike Tyson. Hey, hey, hey. Put me next to, put me next to Anna AB boy.


I know they gonna cut up. Put me next to, I wanna be next to Chuck and Shaq Because We gonna showed up a fool. Oh man. Who else? Oh, here we go. Who's form? That's it. MA dude who ain't it? Yeah. I don't know who that is. Oh, Conor McGregor is somebody. Yeah. I don't know. So AI and, and, and Johnny man. Is is that, that's Johnny Manzel, isn't he? Yeah. Who? Number nine. Who Them people?


Yeah. I dunno. I'm, I'm trying, trying to think who I'm flying with. Nah, see, I can't, I can't, I can't, I can't be in what you call him. I can't be in Buckhead, my knee band. You and you and Mike. You and Mike gonna be up there chilling. What? You said you can't. Oh yeah. That Buckhead boy. Hey, I'm the same way. Unc, I can't sit up there neither, man. I gotta stick this leg out in the album. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, they be, they put the rolling cart over my toe. I'm, I'm sitting in eight boy, You sitting at eight?


I picked eight Ocho. You gotta pick a third one. That one I'm sitting You gotta pick something out. Yeah, you gotta pick something else. Something else. Ocho. Alright. Damn. Who was there at 12? Is that Hey look, Hey look. I need that ache. I need to lay my head on the, on the thing or there when I go to sleep. You hear me? Yeah. Ocho. And it got me in the middle. Ocho I guess you could you got, you could sit in number 11 Or you can sit in 12. That's all you got. I'm sitting, I'm gonna sit in, Hey I'ma, I'm gonna sit next to Caitlyn Clark and Angel Reese.


Oh, okay. I'm, Hey, I'm gonna talk. They head off. I'm gonna, dad this is, yeah. What y'all gonna do on this 10 hour flight? Y'all gonna teach me about goddamn basketball? That's what we gonna do. Hey, hey. I'm the wrong person to sit next door on a flight. Boy. I will talk your head off 10 hours. Oh bad. Oh, oh. Check, check this out. Ocho TSA is sick of people using their Costco cards as real IDs. TSA is reminding travelers that Costco membership is not a valid form of ID for airport security. This is what TSA tweeted. We love hot dogs with rotisserie chicken as much as the next person. But please stop telling people that Costco car counts as real ID because it absolutely does not.


Yeah. Hey Man, people need to stop being up there being funny. Now when they snatch your ass outta line, You know damn well ain't no Costco card no real id, right? It need to be government issued. Right. Hey dude, do you have Costco card? I don't anymore. I used to. You too. So I'm assuming it looks exactly like your, your issue id. Huh? Well, I They got Is your picture, is your picture on Costco? Id now? Probably. Oh, your picture. Nah, you, it, it needs to be, you need to have a, a passport driver's license. Some type of valid id. Right. Costco ain't it? That's funny.


Costco. Alright, Last segment of the evening is time for q and a. Marco Polo tv said S-G-A-P-G-A. The thrills equal J Will Chad at home with a grand keep. NBA alive OKC in five. You got OKC in five Ocho? No, absolutely. I'm not sure what he's talking about, but I made it clear before the series even started the pace was gonna win. Everyone crowned the thunder as NBA champs before the series even started and Halliburton what the, what the Halley is gonna show you why he's not overrated.


Yo, you gotta, you got OKC in five. Yeah, I got OKC in five. They gonna win. They gonna win the next three games. Yeah. I think they gonna win. I think Indiana has obviously has a great chance of winning 'cause they gonna be at home. But I just feel like with OKC being so relentless and understanding the moment, knowing that they're a great team on the road, I think they gonna show up and show out in Indiana. Well be, be something. Put it on the Floor. Make a light on yourself. Partner Something To make him nervous. Make be something, make him nervous, Joe. Hey, because he down you down now because y'all remember, remember that hundred you said again? Come on. Don't start acting crazy with me tonight, man. Come on now. I'm down.


It's even. Oh, okay, Now you still down, you still down from the Knick series? Remember we bettered the Knick series. They lost that series. Did you forget? Think about it. Take your time. Okay. Yeah. I owe you a hundred now because we in this series, we even, we going game by Game. I thought we won game by game in the, we didn't go game by game in the next series. Nah, don't don't do that. Don't do that. Don't do that. It was a hundred dollars, it was a hundred dollars for the series. Don't do that. That's Crazy how that was a hundred dollars for that series. And, And I said we changed it up because this is the final. So we doing it game by Game. Okay. Okay. Oh, it's, it is. Okay. Say less. You down a hundred.


I'm like, oh, how long do I gotta wait man? Do I I gotta wait til the series o before I get my, because I can't gonna never get it. 5,900. It ain't you at least 800 interest on there. Yeah, we got, you got Apple Pay you Gotze. I can send it to you right now. Yeah, I got all that. I'm gonna send it. I'm I'm gonna send it to you. Yeah. Alright. I sure wish you put mine on a little debit card and shoot me my money. I've been asking you to Download that. Go put it on a debit card and send me the debit card. Why I gotta do all that. See Now you die. See now you want me to do all that but you don't want do nothing. Do all what? All you have to do is pick up your phone, go to the app store, download, put your information and I send you the money.


It's, it's, it's pretty simple. Hey Ojo, can you go get a debit card? Put 5,900 on it and send it to me. It downfield said Halle hasn't played well so far. Look at his field goal percentage I test tells me OKC is the superior team. OKC should be kicking themselves because if they finished for 48 minutes, they should be up two Oh KC and five And something wrong with your ass. Something wrong with your ass. 'cause your As is not gonna tell you the whole story. Your eyes will tell you what you see right now. The eyes are gonna tell you what you're gonna see in the future. Your eyes are always fool you. The naked eye is something you never believe it.


You wrong every time. Dr. Frankie ab Bellamy. What's up doc? Hey fam, let's play Clash of the Courts if you need one of them to take over in crunch time. Who's got better handles to win the game? Iversson or Kyrie Joe? Ooh man. Ooh, that's a good one. Pure Handles is Kyrie. Yeah, Iversson had the crossover. Iverson had, he wasn't Pat that thing like Kyrie though. Nah, but That Kyrie had that ball string Man. But they both were great finishes though for they Oh yeah. You know what I mean? Like AI got them long arms, You know what I mean?


Yeah. Like they, they they were amazing finishes for they sizes. So I'm probably gonna go, I'm probably gonna go Ai, I be, I'm gonna take Kai. Yeah. What we talking now? What you what we talking again? Who got better handles to win the game? Both of 'em gonna be able to get whatever shot they want to get wherever they want to get to on the court because they can't handle the ball. AI was mainly a crossover type of a guy, huh? Huh? Yeah. Kai Rick could over, he could ta ta ta ta ta tap ta. Yeah. And he, he, he he can shoot it with the left and the right Kyrie and the right.


Yeah. And the thing is Kyrie, he's a, he's the best below the rim finisher in the history the way that he could spin it. He Bad. He bad boy. He a bad boy. Unc Ocho, he a bad boy. I i, I hope to see him get back to, You know, where he left off at from that injury. But man, that's a tough one man. A hey look I played against, obviously I played against both of 'em, but man, lemme tell y'all something. Ai, he came to Atlanta. We played the sixes 1, 1 1 1 night and our security guy who came, he came to shoot around the next day. He's like, oh yeah, we got, we got Philly tonight. AI was out to to five o'clock this morning.


He didn't get back to the hotel about six in the morning. I said, oh yeah we good man. That man dropped 55 on us. I'm not gonna listen, listen Unc Ocho we couldn't do nothing. He was so victory like, You know, even when you play good defense, it's like he'll squeeze through the cracks and his leg up game was impeccable bro. That man and his mid range game was nice too. Like he, he come on Joe. Y'all let the man drop 55, 55. That man in Magic City all night, man. That man 55 drunk hung over and everything. Hey dude, you bad boy. Man. When you could play the game, when you could play the game, you could play the game.


Yeah. I needed my, I couldn't do that. I ain't gonna tell nobody to lie. I couldn't do that yet. I'm talking about dead out there. If I stay out there late doing all that dead, I ain't got nothing for y'all man. That man come in. I'm talking about 55 off Rip. Hey guess what? They ain't even the bad part. The man got kicked out the game. They gave him two score, It score 55 and Man scored 55. We still end up winning the game. He got kicked out with like four minutes left. They was only down by like six points. I was happy he got up outta there. Yeah, that man got kicked out. He got eject out the game 55 points. That boy wasn't, I don't know what it was. You know we had at, at the time Tron Lou, he was the point guard.


That's, that's my, that's my guy. So I don't know if he got Oh, you T Lu. I don't know if he got a thing for T Lou or what, but boy he was at us. You hear me? And You know, hey, You know I, and I, I I don't know why when, when, when we talk about players with handles. Right. How come we never add Jamal Crawford as that? Is it because he came off the bench? I think. No, the CR Crawford got handles. Hey, he got a, he got a, he got a package From that. Yeah. Rod Strickley. Rod Strickley could pat the Rock. Isaiah could pat the Rock. Yeah, yeah. Hold on. Whoa, whoa. I'm talking about like Kyrie and Jamal Strictly could pat the ball. Yes. And his finish. I didn't know that Rod Strickland finishing game was just as impeccable.


That's Kyrie godfather? Yeah. Okay. I ain't, I ain't know that. I didn't know that. Yeah, didn't know that. Right. That Boy Cole. Okay. Oh, Rodrick was like that? Yeah, he Was. Okay. Jason Williams a white chocolate. Yeah. When First, Hey, not, hey, the pome of entertainment with the ball in his hands man. Yeah. Yeah. And he passing that bitch off the shoulder and off. Man, stop playing when You playing. I know he cold bro. He took the lead by when he came into the league, like, man, what was this white chocolate dude? Yeah, he game And you, he had all type of tricks in the land. Man, stop man fuck playing. Hey his do a dude on, dude on Instagram.


Instagrams, I used play basketball named Ja Lu. You, you ever seen that? His Instagram? I played in a, i I played in a park run run with JLA couple ago. Me and him was on the same team playing three and three out. J Lou got it. Like, hey, You know, You know the craziest thing about JL had probably three ACL surgeries, but the man grew up doing ballet Ocho. Oh. I did ballet too from my balance, from, from my balance when I was playing in the Off season. All right. Now he really did ballet Ocho. I'm serious. On, On my, on my kids. Okay. I'm not Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I ain't playing. I ain't playing this time I did ballet. Yeah. Ja Lou, he told me he used to do ballet as a kid growing up. That's how like he's so sli like his Footwork white.


That's where my footwork come from. Yeah, okay. That, that, that hey three acls and he's still moving like that. Yeah. Ain't lying. That man say he had like two three ACL surgeries. But You know the ballet is what had what, what's got his stuff like that? What's got him move that? Yeah, He he, he's saucy with it. He see he real, real. What's that? He is six foot aqua said what team was the most unlikely team to win it all or who actually did in recent memory. What team was the unlikely team to win it all Hold up. Most of the team that have won it All right. As far champions championships The Raptors.


Yeah. 2019. Yeah, The Shot. Yep. That was the beat that was beat, that was to beat Philly. But the, they beat Golden State 'cause You know that beat Golden State and he was hurt. He came back, tried to thug it out with that, with that, with that Achilles. And he end up tearing his Achilles. Yeah. Yep. He had a calf injury. Yep. Yep. Yeah. Cal Simpson. Uncle Ocho is a given baring injury. D Henry rushing for 2K thanks to Adam Sandler. How many L Jack rushing for this season? At least a thousand. You hope 600 and let and let L Jack do all that? Yeah, I say 1500 Easy.


For, for Lamar? No, for for d. Oh de Henry. Oh, he asked about Lamar? No, he said, he said well yeah, he's asking how many rush yards De Henry if he rushing for 2000, Adam Sand's gonna cast him in a movie. Oh yeah, he's asking. Yeah. So he say it's a given since Adam Sandler put that out there. That, that he going what? 1500, 1500 is a given. Oh yeah, now the extra 500. Now if you get that on the back end, that ain't nothing. But that's, that's, that's icing on the cake. Ja. Andy said 85. Did you catch the goat when you well you wait for the nation's lead? Yeah, absolutely. I saw it. I saw it. He had a nice goal. He was, he had a nice goal tightening the game up when they were down two one.


I saw him get that. Just sad to see him go out with that injury though. But I'm glad they pulled it off from pks. Good game. Ja Lonni 2112. Say Uncle Ocho here. I got to call get Iso Joe on Nightcap full time. I know Joe busy with the big three, but y'all got great chemistry, man. I appreciate that man. Hey look, lemme tell y'all something man. I, I appreciate you guys everywhere I go man from the grocery store to the airport. Stop me. Look, we don't even talk hoof no more. It's an hour, man. Look, I sit there and watch you a K Ocho boy. Y'all crazy. So man, I appreciate you. Hey look, I'm gonna tell y'all something. I ain't talked this much in 20 years, man. I we that that's what everybody say.


That's what everybody say. Hey listen man, how y'all get Joe to talk? I ain't talked this much in 20 years. Look, so when this opportunity presented itself, I, I took the baton and took off running. So I appreciate y'all man. Yeah man, I appreciate y'all listen said man we ain't no Joe talk that much. I said hey, we didn't either King go by. I hope you putting sugar on grits. Hell no. Fuck nah. Put no sugar on no grits. Only thing going grits is salt and pepper. Man, what you talking about? Some put put the butter and a little salt and pepper net to add a little seed and add a little flavor to it.


Man, it talking from salt man. You tripping. I used to eat cheese grip but them, You know how cheese, You know what cheese do to Mel Cho? Mm Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It mess up your So what about That white rice? That rice? Do y'all put some butter and some sugar on that rice when y'all was I don't put no. Yeah, hold on, hold on. Ain nobody put no sugar on no rice. No, Joe, we ain't put no Hold on. I got a meal for you that when you come down here, right when you come down right eggs and rice mixed in. So you got your rice right, you got your eggs and they melt the butter, they melt the butter in between the rice and the eggs and they mix it up together. Yeah, You put it in the pan together. Yeah, I, that's why I cook. I cook eggs and rice like that.


Come on. Huh? I knew y but see that, see that's why, see that's why I love you boy. You my dog. Yeah. Used, I used, I used to cook me and I used to cook me and I cook eggs and rice for me and my brother make us pancakes fridge toast. That's right. Yeah. Hey Joe, you gotta try it Joe. Down in my little Cuban spot down there on the beach. I'm, I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be there. I'm gonna be there at the end of the month. I'm gonna be in Miami of the down. Be down there for a whole week. Yeah, we sit down and talk man. We a politics man. I'll pay you a hundred dollars when you get here. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Oh, it gonna be more than a hundred partner. It's gonna be more than that. Oh not, oh trust me. It's not. It's not. If you coming here at the end of the month, the series gonna be over and I already told you the pace is gonna win the series. So just have a little chunk of change ready for you.


Have my chunk of change ready. Okay. All right. Okay. Kim Norwood Jr. Said, I didn't know if y'all would be on Tuesday night, but my birthday is Tuesday. I don't know if we're gonna be on either Kemper, but guess what? We going, we are. Okay Kim, we gonna be on. So we'll tell you happy, we'll tell you happy birthday then. That concludes this episode. Titus bro. Hey look, when you rubbing 'em, they, hey you stop rubbing 'em. They put their hand back, You know, made me lose but lose a page. He ready to go to bed. That's what that is. He, he ready to go to bed. Titus, gimme a second bro.


We gonna go to bed in a minute? Okay. Gimme a second. Sit down. Sit man. Thank you for watching us for the trouble. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap at the O KC Thunder Tie the series up 1 21 1 with a 1 23 1 0 7 victory over the Indiana Pacers. The series shifts to Indiana on Wednesday where Indiana tries to take a two one lead or with okay Cs on court back from them. Thank you for joining us. I am your favorite, Unc Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host Liberty City is own bingle ring of Fame artery, the pro bowler, the all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and the final member of the big three. Hey, y'all know him. Arkansas, little Rock Native, university of Arkansas, love six seven time Allstar, all NBA selection, big 3M VP, Iso Joe, Joe Johnson, and breaking it down with us tonight, our fourth member, six time Allstar. Three time all NBA selection. Jermaine O'Neill. Jermaine, again, thank you for joining us tonight. Yes sir. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you that listen, that download, that watch us, that, that do whatever you do.


Word of mouth. As Joe said, when you go different places, everybody's coming to him talking about how much they love Nightcap. We thank you because without you we're nothing. All the awards that we've won, all the accolades that we receive is because of your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth. So we can't thank you enough. Thank you again, please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it any city or state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. The best tasting BSOP Cognac on the market. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Make sure you check out my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. We're off tomorrow, but we're back on Tuesday with another episode of Nightcap. Again, OKC Thunder, 1 23, Indiana Pacers 1 0 7 series of night Tide one, one game shift, game three back in Indy on Wednesday. Thank you guys for joining us again. I'm Unc Heath Ocho. He's Iso Joe. We'll see you on Tuesday. He's I The volume.


When you're part of a military family, you understand sacrifice and support. At American Public University, we honor your dedication by extending our military tuition savings to your extended family, parents, spouses, legal partners, siblings and dependents all qualify for a's preferred military rate of just $250 per credit hour. For undergraduate and master's level programs, American Public University value for the whole family. Learn more at apu.apus.edu/military.


Your dream getaway. Welcome In, Starts at the airport with Amex Platinum. You get access to the Centurion Lounge where you can find space to send off that last work email. Fill up on premium dining. Ah, and finally relax for up to three hours before takeoff. You might even wish your layover could last just a little longer. Flight to Mexico. Now boarding. Oh, that's me. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply. For more information, visit american express.com/with amex,


When it's tip off time at my house, There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck check and Iconic drink. That's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


This Is an iHeart podcast.