
Hello. It is Ryan and I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me, and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casinos home to hundreds of casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko, Superchargers headlights, and more. With over 122 million parts. eBay motors has everything you need to maintain your vehicle and level it up to peak performance. And with eBay guaranteed fit. your part is guaranteed to fit your ride every time or your money back. Stay on your A game with all the parts you need at the prices you want. It's easy to bring home, huge wins. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I Am Rappaport Stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports, politics, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. Listen to the I Am Rappaport Stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief. And once you break through that right then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume You.


The 82 Game preseason is in the books, and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk nng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello, I'm Shannon Sharpe and I'm a role sponsor. Do you want hotter, more spontaneous sex? Rose Sparks can help Sparks offer dual action prescription treatment that's given men stronger and harder. Erections. Rose Sparks works faster than other treatments because they're dissolved under the tongue and go directly to the bloodstream. Why does that matter? Because now when the mood is right, he'll be ready. Normal waiting for that pill to kick in. Plus, rose Spark stays active in your system for up to 36 hours. But when you get around, hey, whew. You get hard without waiting. With Rose Parks, guys can get more confidence in bed, more satisfaction for their partners and more control when it's sexy Time Road connects guys with a medical provider a hundred percent online. There's no awkward conversation with an in-person. Doctor, if approved treatment shifts directly to the door to find out if prescription for RO Sparks are right for you, connect with a provider@ro.co slash Nightcap url. That's ro.co/ Nightcap. Compounded drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law but are not FDA approved. For full safety information, visit ro.co/info. Y'all going to hit that link? Y'all going to hit that link now? You ain't gotta wait. You know when you ready, it's ready. That's, that's the, that's the number one rule thumb. Ain't nothing worse, Ocho. Yeah. Than you being ready. It ain't ready. Boy, that's a bad feeling. Yeah, it is. Yeah, man. But you going to Ocho boy. It won't be long now. You it won't be long.


Thank you ladies, gentleman for Jordan for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame artery. The pro bowler, the all pro Liberty City zone. Yeah. Samo Junior College. All the way from Oregon State to the Bengals. Yes. Y'all know him. Ocho cinco. That's, please make sure you hit that. Please make sure you subscribe and hit that like button. We would greatly, greatly appreciate that. Guys, we gotta go and get this thing under. We need to get, start the ticket towards 2 million. I mean, I know we took some time off and y'all guys missed us And. we back, we back a little bit earlier than we anticipated, but go on, hit that subscribe button.


Tell a family friend, loved ones. Hey man, y'all need to subscribe to UNC and Ocho. Man. They be going off on this thing. Guys, do us a favor. Make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from and every podcast subscriber counts. And thank you guys for helping us get some of these plaques that you see behind me. Make sure you check out my shade by La Portier. We're taking orders. We have it in stock. And. if you can't find it in a state or a city near you, hit the link. And guess what? We'll ship it right to your door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms, Shesha Media and my clothing company. 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Everything out is currently 20% off right now.


So hurry up. There's pinned at the top of the chat. Go in and get your merchandise. Alright, Ocho, get right into it. During the Olympics, Dennis Schroder discussed the distinction between European and American games. Yeah. He said the farmer is, he said the farmer, which is European, is straight IQ basketball. While the latter emphasizes entertainment more, the comment clearly caught the attention of one. Kevin Durant, who shared a photo of the gold medal celebration in caption entertainment and IQ Truder addressed the comments during the twich stream and said, KD is, is, is being Weak for his reaction. You are the type of star that you have to say something to a person like me who's not even meant to be negative.


It was just, I see it from both sides. And you know what I'm saying? I didn't appreciate it, I don't care. But at the end of the day, that tweet or whatever he posted was because of me. For me it was, it was never no negative stuff. I respect all guys all ghost. But to say, to tell me how weak he is as a person, I mean, I'm What'd you think Coach Joe? Yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't see it as weak. Listen, Truder made a truder made a comment. He says NBA basketball here is all about entertainment. And NBA basketball, where he's from in that area, European basketball. European basketball is all iq. To play in the NBA, you have to have some type of iq. You have to not only lead skillset, you have to have an IQ to play the game of basketball.


Whether you playing in Europe, whether you playing in America, no matter where you playing, you have to have an extensive iq. Now you have some, you have some players whose IQ is much better than, much, much better than others. LeBron, your Kobes, your Michael Jordans who see the floor a little different than everybody else. But I mean, it is a comment like that is unnecessary. It it is unnecessary. It's something like that. That's something you can probably keep to yourself. And then when you do see it out publicly, when you say something publicly, you have to be willing to take the criticism that comes with it from a player. One of the best I might add that plays in the entertainment side of basketball as you so-called it, who also has an IQ for the game.


So, I mean, listen, you, you gotta, you gotta be able to take the criticism when you say something publicly. Yeah. For the simple fact is, is he makes it seem like the American game is all about entertainment. Right. That these guys don't have high basketball iq iq. Right. And like you say, you have to have a certain level of basketball iq, but just like any sports, there are certain great players that have a higher level of the iq. Exactly. But to say your guys are IQ and it's not and it's not entertaining. And this is entertaining and not basketball iq. I'm surprised more guys didn't, didn't, didn't respond. Right. They they But true to you. Look, you are entitled to your opinion. Yeah. But you can't be upset if somebody gives you their opinion back.


So he just captured as like, oh, okay. This is entertainment. Entertainment and iq. Hey, to each his own, he has, he has an opinion. I don't agree with his opinion to play any sport. Whether it's basketball, football, hockey, whatever it may be. Especially even in even individual sports. It takes a, it takes a certain level of IQ to be great at those or to be able to compete. Yeah. At any level. I mean, it's just, it it ocho it makes sense to him. It doesn't make sense. What Is, what is pro sports entertainment. Yeah. That's, that's what it comes down to at the end of the day. And the more entertaining you are, guess what?


The more money you make. And the thing was, look at the Spurs. The Spurs had a great dynasty with Duncan and Gin Parker and Parker. Yeah. But they was born as hell. They played great basketball hot by basketball iq. Yeah. But ain't nobody wasn, ain't nobody breaking down the door trying to go see Ashley got a gin jersey. She's all thing, she like the first the Cowboys tc, she like all that bull. Right. But they broccoli. Yeah. And, and, and look, they won five championships. Probably should have had six had Ray Allen I hit that shot. Right. Tim Duncan would've been perfect. Six and oh. Mm. But they were boring. Yeah. They weren't entertaining. Right. There's a reason why the Lakers got the showtime.


Mm. Showtime Lakers. Yeah. That's, and people flooded to go see those guys play. Hey. Yeah. There's a reason why you know Steph Curry. 'cause he's entertaining. Yeah. Jordan, they were entertaining. So there, there's levels. Yes. I believe you could have both, but to say the biggest difference, no. They play a game. You guys have been playing. So let's just say, okay, for if LeBron and KD and Steph had been playing together, right. Like Schroder and those guys or like the Serbian team or like the French national team. Right? Had they been playing together for years? Y'all never beat 'em? No.


No. They got together a month. You guys been playing together for 10, 5, 6, 7, 8, 10 years. Yeah. They got together one month. So let them play together for 10 years. So let this up and coming guys these up and comers play together for 10 years. Right. Y'all never beat him. Nah. At all. I mean, I, I it's, I'm not sure why he said it. Maybe it's something he believes maybe some of the players he's been surrounded by in, in the NBA it makes him feel that way and, and thinking that the players that he plays with in Germany have a higher IQ than them. But when you say it like that mean it speaks for everybody. And, and 'cause you didn't put a name on anything. It just, it just didn't make sense to me.


Lemme ask you a question. People gonna say, well, well how much IQ you got? You turned down 80 million to sign for 5 million a year. Oh yeah. I I I remember that. I remember that. So they say, well, how much inter how much IQ goes into that? You turn down a four year $80 million deal to sign league minimum deals now moving forward. Dang. That's, that's not a, that's not a good one right there. And I asked you that. We talked about that not a few episodes ago. I Yeah. Do you think that opportunity of money itself would be Oh no, no, no. He ain't getting no, no. Will be available again. Nah, we ain't getting that money no more.


That's why after you get to a certain age, Ocho, you have to be very, very careful. Right. Like, like when I was younger, I could take risk because I'm 23, I'm 25. Right. But at 56, I need something a little bit more. Instead of trying to get hit and home runs, I'll set up for singles because the likelihood of me being able to make up at my age, what I've lost isn't very good. So when you, like 25, you see guys go broke, there's like, man, I went broke. I was 25, 30. You get a chance to break that up. You get a chance to recoup That. Yeah. Yes sir. You go broke at 56, it's gonna be hard. Yes sir. You go broke at 60 ocho It's hard.


Yeah. To recoup that, to make that up again. So that's why I tell guys, Hey y'all, you gotta just be, hey, everything. You know, sometimes it, it, it is not meant everybody ain't meant to be. I know everybody want to get on the ground floor or Google or Netflix or some, you know, you know some of these o other big companies. Right. A Uber ring. DoorDash. But everybody, everybody, because for everyone that somebody gets in, they done gotten, gotten to a couple that ain't do nothing. Right? Yeah. And that's just the way, just the way it works. But you know, hey, KD clearly didn't take Kyle of that kd. He's like, Hey bro, I play the game. I'm entertaining.


Yeah. And I play the game with a HighQ Iq but have very high iq. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So he I'm Sure know I'm I'm sure other pe other, other players saw as well. Yeah. They just chose not to respond. Man, we ain't paying that no mind. Yeah. So, yeah. I mean, look. True. I mean you gotta expect that when you say something like that, somebody gonna probably take offense to what you said it. But here's the thing, intent, and this is what I tell people about intent, right? It's like, I remember my professor, Dr. Welch, he asked us in class, he said, what's the difference between murder and manslaughter? Mm. And you know, that's like, you know, and he is like, he gave us this term, he said intent.


He said manslaughter. And you know, there is no intent murder, there is malice, there's forethought, there's intent premeditation. He said, but intent only matters to the defendant. The victim is just as dead. Mm. So whether he intended it to be offensive or not, right? Katie took it that way. Well, I said this man, that wasn't my intention. Well your intention that only mattered to you. Right. But the person that you said it to was equally was still offended by what you said. So whether you intended it to be that way or not, intent only matters to you because the person is still offended by what you said. So, hey, lesson learned Shroder.


I'm sure they'll see each other. I mean, I, where was shudder at last year? Toronto, he got traded. He got the Brooklyn. The Brooklyn. Yeah. He got, so I'm sure, look, they gonna cross paths. I'm sure that, Hey, one thing I know about kd, KD ain't got no problem. Hey, he with the raptors. No, I'm sure he doesn't have a problem. Nah, they'll address it. Move forward. Ocho Carmelo Anthony says he would not trade his Olympic gold medal for an NBA ring. Right. Melo said, when we talk about global sports, for me medals means something totally different than an NBA championship. They both have their own separate meanings. But winning a gold medal is the passion. It's the pride that you have, not just for a city or a state, but for a whole nation, a whole country.


You are winning for three gold medals. Four medals for me is bigger than an NBA championship because I understand the impact of it. Not everybody wins a gold medal. Not everybody wins a silver or a bronze. I Mean, what's your take on that, on Chuck And, and Ah, you know what, with the, with the way you and Stephen a and the other basketball enthusiasts and basketball heads talk about the importance of having a championship and getting that monkey off your back. It would make it, it would make it seem to me that it's more important to have a championship ring. 'cause that's how you're evaluated. When we talk about some of the greatest of all time when we talk about the goat conversation. I mean, not a great phenomenal player, but the gold conversation, you know, it, it's, it's rings and how many times you've been there, how many chances you had to actually win one.


I think there's, there's a difference in the gold medals in the championships. Now we talk about the sport of basketball. I'm not sure how you view it, but he views it in this manner. Now, I think asking you or talking to a Stephen A. Smith, they might view it in a completely different manner. I think there's an, in a, an importance in both in representing your country. But I think the difficulty of winning a championship is a little different. 'cause you're playing against the best of the best as opposed to the Olympics where you're coupled all together with the best players from the NBA against, I don't, I, excuse me. I don't mean to be disrespectful. I don't wanna say inferior opponents. Opponents that are not as good collectively as us.


Did I say that right? Without being disrespectful. You did. Okay. I think it's easy for mellow to say that because he doesn't have an NBA title. People ask me all the time, Shannon, would you, when would you rather have a Super Bowl ring or a Hall of Fame ring? I say, well, I'm glad I don't have to make that decision. 'cause I have 'em both. Both, right. It's easy to say when you don't have something For me, I don't think we judge any player. I've never heard someone rank somebody ahead of someone else because they had an Olympic gold medal. Now I could be wrong, Chad, y'all correct me if I'm wrong. Right, right, right. But I didn't say, they didn't say, well, we gonna put this person over that person because he has a gold medal, or we gonna put this person below that person because he has a bronze or a silver and the other person has a goal.


Right. Championships is what it's about. That's what you play for. That's alternate how we're judged. Charles Barkley would be ranked a lot higher had he had a title. Right. He got gold medals. But ain't nobody putting him in front of Dunking and all those other guys. Because why Duncan has a title, has multiple titles. So I, I mean, look, he can feel, he can feel that way. And, and I'm not, I'm not. Look, that's the way he feels. Right. But it's easy to say that when you don't have, when that's your only option. Right. Ocho man, what you eat tonight, chicken. Well, man, I love chicken. When that's all you got, you ain't got no steak.


Right. Right. You don't got Turkey, you don't have anything. You don't have fish. So if that's your only option, what are you supposed to say? What is the, what, what's the choice between, because we're dealing with a hypothetical. Right. He wouldn't trade 'cause it's impossible to trade. Well you think that's, you think if he did have one, he would still feel the same way? No, because he ocho If that was the case, why he drive? Why did he join LeBron? He tried to win a title. He joined Russ in Oklahoma City trying to win a title. Right. He tried, he joined Dane in CJ in Portland. He wasn't trying to win no gold medal.


What was he trying to do? Win the title That ring. Yeah. If it, if it wasn't that important because he had accomplished everything. He already had gold medals. Yes, sir. Already had three of them. When he bounced, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. What was that about? I think more so trying to solidify, you know, solidify that legacy that to, to me it's already cemented and he is a legend in his own right. Regardless, even without the ring First ballot Hall of Fame, we're not even questioning that. He's one of the great scores Yeah. Of all time. Yes, sir. There's no debating, we're not trying to debate. Right. But I just think the thing is, when guys, when guys say, well, I'd rather have this than I have that. Right. When that's your only option, it's easy to say. Okay. I see. Oh, I, I see what you mean. I see what you mean.


Okay. I mean, I pro Ocho probably if I had, if all I had was a Hall of Fame ring, I would probably say yeah. A Hall of Famer. I'd rather be in the Hall of Fame. There are fewer of us, but I don't know anybody that actually goes into the game and says, I'm playing to get into the Hall of Fame. You hear a guy says, I wanna win the title, I want the confetti rain down on me. Right. And our colors, I want to hear we are the champions playing in the backdrop. I didn't even think about, I didn't even know anything about the Hall of Fame. Right. Until Mark Kler told me he and Woody Page started talking to me in 1997. I had no idea that I was even, could be, that could even be a possibility. Right, right.


But I know about them Super Bowls. I know being in the a FC championship game in 91 and losing ten seven to Buffalo and being that close and seeing the dejection on the guys in the locker room afterwards. Yeah. Realizing you're that close. You're that close. Yeah. Look, yeah. The Hall of Fame is great. You are in a very, very elite company. You see ocho they sent me a cup. Can you see that? Yeah. That's my number. I'm number 2 67. Yeah. I'm the 267th member in the pro football Hall of Fame. Hey, I, I got me a cup too. You know my cup say one, one of one. I said it just me, But Ocho that journey.


Yes, sir. That I went on with those guys to go on the road and play Kansas City. Yeah. To go on the road and play Pittsburgh and oh Three Rivers. And when I was in Baltimore to go on the road and beat Tennessee and go on the road and beat Oakland. I ain't gonna gonna lie. I love the Hall of Fame. I love going back and seeing all the greats and seeing LT and C buckets and see some of the greats that have passed on. Can't, nothing, nothing replaced that bro. Ain't ain can't nothing, nothing replace that. Don't let anybody tell you different. Right. There's, there's something about, because that's what I wanted.


I wanted to win a championship. I wanted to make a Pro Bowl. I wanted to be an all pro and I wanted to be a win a championship. Right Now, I didn't know how long I was gonna play. I played a lot longer. I was like, Hey, if I get me a year, hey, obviously you can't do all that in a year. I'm a seventh round draft pick. I said, but now all of a sudden I got five years and in five years I got a first team all pro. I got three Pro Bowl selection. I'm like, oh, I'm good. I'm g Yeah, yeah. Now let me see if I can get a Super Bowl. How good can we get to get a Super Bowl? We got a Super Bowl now Ocho, you can't hit me in the ass with a red apple because I, I got Super Bowls. I got like six Pro bowls. I got like three first team all pros. Yeah. On second team. All pro.


Now what? And to go on that journey to see what goes into it. All that hard work that you did that summer. Yeah. All that lifting, all that eating, denying yourself for me. Now there are maybe some people might feel just like Melo Fields, right? Say, Hey, I'd rather have a gold medal than an NBA title. I would rather be in the Hall of Fame than have A-A-A-N-F-L-A Super Bowl or a a World series ring or whatever. But I just don't know who gets in a professional sport, right? And says, my objective is to win the Hall of Fame to be in the Hall of Fame.


I don't, I don't think anybody, I don't think anybody, I mean, what, because of your play, because of your stellar play throughout numerous years of consistent elite play. I mean, it just, it's, it's, it's just warranted. That's what happens. You know, Because at the Hall of Fame Ocho, somebody else determines your validation. You got 50 many women. That's voting. Ain't nobody voting for no titles. You got to go through, you gotta run the garment. And sometimes you have to beat, sometimes Hey. there are some people that win a title and you're the favorite. But to go on the road as the underdog, that's just me.


Like, Hey, Chad, I, I don't know what you guys think. That's just me. I mean, hey, Melo might sincerely feel that way. And hey, I don't begrudge him, but I just don't know if, if the hall of Fame, if the if rings, especially in basketball. Yeah. Now, when we talking about sprinters, gold medals mean something, right? When we're talking, when we're talking about track and field, we're talking about swimming. That means something, right? We're talking about individual events. But I don't, I just don't, I've never heard, and maybe because pros weren't going when I grew up, but even then, ain't nobody say, well, oh, because Jordan got a a, a, a a, a gold medal.


Right? He's the greatest. They don't even, they don't in factor that in. Right. Kobe? If so, now, if Kobe didn't have a gold medal, if Kobe didn't play that, what that one year we gonna look at Kobe different? Nah, not, not at all. No, no. We're not Little different. We don't look at, we don't look at Shaq. Shaq got a gold medal. Shaq said he was so upset that how, how, how they did him about not playing him a whole bunch. Right. That he's like, I, I probably threw, I think I threw my gold medal away. I don't know if that's true or not, but are we down? So if Shaq didn't have a gold medal, are we gonna down it? Nah. No. Hell nah. So Shit, we, we, we can't even, we can't even down mellow.


Because Mellow was one of the greatest, even with, without, he was even, without, even without the championship ring. But again, when it comes to the conversations of some of the best, all time again, the goat conversation, it's just, it's people get left outta that conversation because they weren't able to win a ring. Like you said, Barkley So, Kind of unfair though. Honestly. 'cause sometimes that, that's stuff like that is outta your control, you know, if you're playing an individual sport, I understand. But, but you're playing a team game. You're playing a team game where you're trying Yeah. You can to get to win an NBA championship.


And sometimes things just don't go your way. I just, I love, but I, I ain't gonna lie, Ocho Yeah. I ain't did all I did to get to the Hall of Fame. I'm trying to win a championship. Right. Because that's a because that's really someone else voting. I really could control. I play good. I greatly increases my chance of, of helping my team win because that's what I'm there for. Guys that I see every day putting into work just like you and I going to work, meetings, preparing, doing all we can. Right. Man, I ain't even at, even after I like, man, okay, I, I've done pretty good at this point. It still hurt. I ain't think about, man, I'm going to the Hall of Fame. Even when Mike would address me, our Hall of Famer, man, man, that don't do me no good.


We lost. Right? We lost losing always hurt me. Ocho it bothered me. It still does. Yeah. That's why I don't do a whole lot of stuff because I don't like to lose. I'm a sore loser. Yeah. But I'm a worst winner. I'm a terrible, I'm a worst winner Ocho for sure. I had to, I had to to mask losing and find ways to deal with it by being entertaining. Yeah. You gotta think. I, I, I'm not sure. I'm not sure if anybody can look it up real quick in the chat. Can you tell me how many winning seasons we had during my tenure in Cincinnati?


So when we weren't winning, I had to find other ways to cope with the fact that I'm not sure how this game is going to go, but what I am gonna do for the people that came to watch, is they gonna get, they got their money's worth. Yeah. Do everything I can possibly do in my power to make sure it's entertaining week in and week out. I don't get, I don't care what our record look like. You finna get a goddamn show. I can tell you that.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade, this podcast. We got a great episode coming up, picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. Here's what we do. We just pick winners. That's all we do. We tell you who to bet on and you win. Now sometimes that involves betting on who we meet on bet on sometimes involves betting against who we bet on. But either way, every game you're getting a winner. It's up to you to decide which one it is. Choose your own adventure. We're choose Your Own Adventure podcast. We just kinda lay out what's there for you. What other show could tell you if you bet either what we say or don't, you will win. You have a 50% chance's, a good way to look at it. Feel like that's pretty good odds, don't you? It really is. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


$5,000. That's the average amount of money people in the US are now spending on gas in a year. Five grand. That's crazy. If you drive, you have to download Upside the free app that gives you cash back every time you get gas. That's right. You can earn real cash back with upside just by buying the gas you're already buying. You can literally start earning cash back today. I use Upside every time I fill up and I've already made around two, $300. You're putting gas in your car anyway. Why not get real cash back? If you like free money, download Upside. I'm saving the cash iron from using Upside to help pay for a vacation later this year. Download the free Upside app now to earn cash back every time you buy gas. Use promo code coin to get an extra 25 cents per gallon on your first tank. You can cash out any time, right? Your bank, PayPal, or a gift card for Amazon and other brands. Just download the free upside app and use promo code coin for a 25 cents per gallon bonus on your first tank. That's Code Coin for a 25 cents per gallon bonus.


I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel like you do the same thing every day, press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW Group Void or prohibited by law 18 plus Terms and conditions supply.


Are you ready to have your baking loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit. Cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


There's No better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Ocho Jeff Bezos. One of the world's richest man. That's my dog man. Okay. The team announced after winning the title that, yeah, what's his name? Gross back. Gross back planned to sell the team. The NBA wants to sell price to be 6 billion. According to Bill Simmons. They don't own their arena. It's a crazy woo damn. That's a crazy price for somebody that don't own the arena. Arena. But they're probably going to get it. Why? 6 billion? The league wants to establish a price, which the sale as a precursor to the expansion. According to Simmons, they want it to be 6 billion a piece in expansion fees for teams in Seattle and Las Vegas, which means a check 400 million for every NBA owner.


All 30. Yeah, I like that. Now listen, if there's anybody that can do it, it would be Jeff Bezos then Jeff has any background or knowledge in the game of basketball. I'm not sure. Maybe he does, maybe he doesn't. If he doesn't, I'm sure he has a team of people that can consult him on whether this is a good decision or not. Jeff, Bezos a businessman who thinks long term, how does this affect him long term and whatever his end goal might be. His five year plan is 10 year plan, whatever it may be. It might be something good that he can, he can think about doing. And do you wanna actually own a basketball team understanding all that it comes with all that it entails.


Not that you're gonna be hands on because you have a team of people that are going to do everything. Matter of fact, hell, we could have had Jeff on the night. You should have told me this was part of, this was part of the topic. I could, I gotta had him, you know, call in And. we could have did did this via Zoom. Asking him myself. I'm surprised he didn't buy one of the, hadn't got a football team. The commanders came available, the Walton Penners purchased the Broncos football teams come available a little less often than baseball, than basketball teams.


But when you got that kind of money, it's probably worth 160. 160 what? 140, $160 billion aint what's 6 billion to him? I ain't Nothing, excuse my Language. Exactly. Nothing at that point in time. It's just that, you know, you're like, okay, I got all this money, but I, it is like, you know, hey, let me own, let me own the professional. Let me own a sports team. I mean that, that's those people, elite, the elite 1% that have that kind of money. They're very strategic and the the decisions they make, if it's not about making more money, they're not doing it. They're not doing it.


They, they, Oh, you're not losing money with a professional team. Yeah, of course you're not losing money. But is it something that you're passionate about at times it has to be something that they're passionate about that they know that's going to recoup whatever you put into it. Ocho Yes sir. When you that, when you got that kind of money, right, you just like to own a whole, that's why they buy $40 million dinosaurs. Why the hell you buying $40 million worth of dinosaur bones or you ba buying or paying 500 million for a painting to hang on your wall? Or you got a billion dollar yacht. Yeah. You Like the own ish. Yeah. When you got that kind ocho, what are you gonna do with all that money? You can't take it with you. Yeah. Isn't that so?


Why not enjoy it by, okay, I wanna own, I wanna own this. Yeah, I wanna, Stan Croy, he owns the Rams, he owns the Nuggets. He owns the Avalanche. He owns a, a soccer team. Hey, staying smooth as hell, boy. Yeah. So at some point in time, mocho, it's just not like I'm the world's I, I got a hundred billion, I got 200 billion. Okay, and what, right. So now let me get a sports franchise. Let me get an NFL team, A MLB or basketball, let me get a soccer Team. And he got his hand in a little bit of everything.


So he has the money, obviously. Boy, that's a steep price. And for Who, but what But what happened, OCHO is when the NBA forced Donald Sterling to sell, Right? The Clippers. Yes, sir. And Steve Bomber wanted to own that team so bad. If I'm not mistaken, Sacramento had just sold for like 400 million. That's it. That's it. Look at me talking about, that's shit. Like I got 400 million He paid five times. Right? What the highest bid, excuse me, had ever been per sold a franchise had ever been sold for He paid five 30.


Okay. He turns around and plays 2.2 billion. Yes. But you, you see how Steve is, you see how passionate he is about basketball? Yeah. How passionate he is about the game like that. I don't, I just don't see Jeff. Jeff ain't like that. I don't see him As No, he's a little bit more, he's a little bit more, I've been around him a couple times. Yeah. Spoken with him. I don't know him, but I've been around him a couple times. He's quiet, but he'll, he'll talk. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He talk, he like, he, he like sports. He talks football. Yeah. I done met Jeff a few times, you know, with Roger Ell. You know, I, I sat with him in the suite. I talked to him for a little bit. Like nothing like that. So I, I've had, we crossed paths a few times and a normal dude, if you didn't know who he was, you'll walk right by him.


No, No, no. You know who was, You were right, right by him and you wouldn't think nothing of it. No, you, you're absolutely, you are ab you're absolutely right. Very. I met him and his brother at an event for, as a matter of fact with the NFL. But yeah, I mean if they, if that's what they go, if that's what they going for, Hey, you want it ocho? Yeah. Something is only worth what someone is willing to pay For it. Pay. Yeah. That's why I hate when people ask, when I hate when certain people talk about, I know my worth and I know my value. Yeah, okay. Of course you do. But who's willing to pay for it? That's the problem. And that's the issue. It says his net worth, Jeff Bezos net worth is worth. He's worth $196 billion.


Yeah, we are, we are. Yes, we are 196 billion. Yeah. Yeah. You notice I said we, you, you know, I work, I work for Amazon too now. 196 billion. Man, what kind of, That's a lot. Huh? What you do with that? Just hypothetically speaking, if you had 196 billion right now, what you do with that? That's a good, I know black colleges ain't gonna be, ain't gonna be suffering no more. Yeah, I know, I know that for certain. I like that. I know my community, they gonna be a lot of outreach programs in my community. Yeah. My community gonna be a lot better in a lot better shape than what we in right now.


I can bet you that. Yeah. Now I might be worth 196 billion today, but when I die, I ain't gonna be worth hundred 96 billion. I ain't gonna lie. I'm not gonna lie. Yeah. I'm not. Yeah. Don't that I ain't gonna, and I'm not gonna leave all that money to my kids. I'm gonna leave them enough to do something. Yeah. But not enough where they ain't gotta do nothing. Right. I like that. So, oh yeah. Savannah State gonna be, Savannah State gonna be, well, well locked and then I will trickle that down to, I think it's probably a hundred and twenty five, a hundred fifty other Right. College black colleges. Oh, they gonna be straight. I'm trying my community.


Yeah. Gonna be good. Yeah. Hell yeah. Right. Lemme see 196 million. I'm, I'm thinking for one, first off, my kids and those, I have kids from everybody. Good. I'm, I'm, I'm taking care of that. I'm taking care of home first. That nucleus, that that, that's very important to me. Obviously my mom and my, my mom and my grandma are going, my brothers make sure they good schools. Fa MU obviously you know how much I I love Fam u Yeah. Oregon State. Got to get back to Oregon State even though I was only there for four months. Yeah. My immediate close friends. It, it ain't that many.


It's probably, it's probably eight of us. I'm about close. I make sure they good. There's some other, other entities that I, that I enjoy, that I support charities. I'm, I'm going to pour into them as well. And that's, that's, that's all I can think of right now. Yeah. I'm I'm sure it's more of, I'm just hypothetically speaking right now off the top of my head. Some of the things, things, things I would do, but Yep. Ain't ain't gonna be too crazy though. I'm gonna give me a new smart car. Nah, I don't want, no, I don't want, no, I don't, I don't care nothing about no cars. I got enough cars. I done had all the cars. If I don't get another car, I'm good.


I I'm good with the, I'm good on cars. Yeah. But I tell you what Huh? Savannah State Sport, a Nick Saban coming outta retirement gonna coach at Savannah State. Okay, Listen. Hey, the NIL money. Listen that fam, you gonna be a Power five school when I'm done School? Oh yeah. They say we'll be coaching at S State. The NIL. Oh, y'all won a battle. Who won a battle? Yep. Come on, come on down here to Tallahassee. Now I got whatever you need. Yes sir. Hey, Being dollar stimulus package, Sabba State ain't gonna have number five stars. We ain't got number five stars football and basketball. Hey, Back and field girls basketball. Oh, the next Juju Watkin page backers.


Yeah. Come on down to Savannah State. I Like it. Come on, Get the two gone to get this. Hey, I would play y'all more than that. Y'all gonna make going to the WNBA come on down here and get this money. That's right. Oh, for sure. I like it Man. That ain't right. It is right. It ain't wrong either. So I'm just telling you what, if I had that money, I'm taking care of black colleges and my community. Oh we gonna build this thing up. Yeah, for sure. I'm thinking I'm gonna change. I'm gonna change Liberty City. I'm gonna change the, the name of Liberty City. Call it, call it SHO's World. By everybody. By all by by all by all by all the buildings up by all Windwood back.


Yeah. Because you know, they done came in and bought up all, all the stuff, all the people out. And it pushed all my people out. Bring them, bring them on back home so we can, we can have our wonderful beautiful city back. Man. I gotta buy a franchise. And. we get, we got about, get about 5, 4, 5 of us. We gonna get us a franchise. We go with a football team, a basketball team. Damn Basketball Team. Yeah, for sure. I Just want one. All black gonna be all black owners. Yeah. Majority owners. Yep. And I don't even wanna be the face of it. I just want us, that's, I wanna be Hundred 96 billion.


I mean, just hypothetically speaking, I asked Mike Browner, I asked Mike Brown to sell me the team. He ain't selling It. I know. I mean, and I, I mean that in a respectful way. And I mean I, I like the way they run things, but I, I just wanna be an owner. If I was to be an owner either, I asked Steven Ross, Steven Ross to sell me the Dolphins or Mike Brown to sell me. You got a better chance. You got a better chance because Stephen Ross doesn't have the attachment to the Dolphins like Mike Brown has to the Bengals Bengals. Right, right, right. You gotta realize Mike Brown dad founded the Bengals. Paul Brown. Yes ma'am. So There's a little bit, there's a little bit more attachment to it. Right. It's kinda like the McCaskey and the Bears. There's a little bit more attachment of the Kansas City Hunt.


Right. Lamar Hunt found the Kansas City Clark Hunt and his brothers, they're not getting off that, that's a family business. Right. So you're probably gonna have to have somebody Ocho that, that purchased a team that doesn't have the same attachment. The family attachment, the family connection to it. Now Jerry ain't ever getting rid of the Cowboy. Yeah. So I, I don't listen. I And they just had a $10 billion valuation. But you're probably gonna have to find somebody that doesn't have the family attachment. The Titans, you're not getting them. Amy Adams sk another name. Bud Adams daughter. Yeah. You going, he founded the, he founded the Houston homeless.


Right. You not getting that from her. Yeah. You going too far now? Miami, Cincinnati, one or the other. So if it's man a sunk, hey, Could you, Amy Adams. Right. So like I said, you know Ocho like, you probably like the, the Wilsons Right. Because they sold it. 'cause a lot of times you got these owners because the, what is that? The death tax. Oh was so great that the owner would die and the family would have to like, it's gonna take 45, 50% of it. So you had to sell it. Right. Sell damn Sell. Yeah. Hey, could you, hey, could you imagine if I own, imagine if I own the Dolphins, like think about that.


I'd be the first owner that own the team and play. Yeah. Hey out there Mike. Me, I don't give, I don't give a fuck if it's one play put me in the game. This man wanna go out there. You got all that money. Wanna go out there and do have surgery. Hey, put Me in the game. Hey, put me in the game. You know, put me in the put me, listen, one play. I ain't, I ain't gotta do much As the, I tell you what, play, Play, play a code, gm, everything. I'm closing down Madison City for the whole week. Can't nobody come in there but me. What, what about the women? That's who I wanna see. Ain't no other do couple. Okay. You can, you can't. I, I can't. I got, don't tell me what I can and can't do. I got 'em all the, the whole week.


Hey buddy Private. That's funny. Or a private event. Ocho matter of fact, We can have a private event. Hey, when, when you, when you fly to Atlanta? Wendy, When Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm leaving. I'm leaving tomorrow. I'm, I'm gonna leave tomorrow Mo I leave tomorrow Mo Well Damn Whatcha going down there earlier for? What you mean? What you mean I'm go, I got, I ain't, I ain't, I don't be in Atlanta like that. So I'm just trying to get myself acclimated. But but Rel ain't gonna be there. Nah. Where Raelle get there. True. I don't think she coming. She got, she gotta take care of. So Zion Williams apparent weight loss draws attention on social media.


Zion was pulled with the kids attending his basketball camp in south in Spartanburg, South Carolina and looked noticeably thinner. He has reportedly lost 25 pounds since December. Okay. Zion reportedly, he's currently at 281 pounds less than what he weighed Duke 2 85 and intends to be 2 72 when the NBA regular season begins. He was listed at 2 84 last season. So if he was 2 84 last season and he lost 25 pounds. So how much was he, Hey that's 2 81 right there. We looking at, he looks small as hell. How tall is how, how tall is Zion?


Like six. Six. Oh, okay, okay, okay. He be, he back like Jordan height. Hey listen, the smaller, the smaller he get, the better the the Be and do one on his knees, on his ankles and his hips. Yeah. Yeah. And, and one thing That's a lot of force going up and down with Joe. Yeah, Most definitely. Listen And the smaller he gets, think about the more explosion. How much better he'll feel about himself, you know, being able to move laterally, taking people off the dribble. Listen, he can already do it anyway. But even if he losing your weight, even if he's losing his weight, he's not gonna lose his strength. No. Oh man. He can be, he could be. Hell Man. Y'all need to stop it, man. What happened? You can't even lose no weight no more.


Anytime somebody lose weight. Oh. He on that exempt. You can't wait. You, you can't take eme and ain't that illegal. No. Yeah, but that illegal for What? Yeah. I mean, you don't wanna do that playing no sport, man. That's, that's too much because he you be out there. Nah, You'd be out there doing what It I ozempic I'm sure would affect you in a different way outside of losing weight. No. How Do, what you think he would still having his, his strength and all that, that bouncing all that would be there. Yeah. You sure that other it curve. Curve It curve. What it does, it, it curb, it curbs your appetite and your, you know, your sugar.


Right. So which processing turns the fat. Ah, okay. So how does people lose weight so fast though? Because it curbs your appetite. You don't eat. Nah, it ain't, nah, it's more to it than that. Nah, I done seen some people back damn near 400 pounds in two weeks. They about 150. That's more than just not eating. Well That's crack now. That ain't no exhibit. That's Listen, Listen, I I like it. I, I like it. And sometimes certain people, some people are just meant to be of size. I'm not gonna say, I'm not gonna say big. Yeah. Some people are meant to be of size because when they lose weight they just don't, they don't look right.


They don't look right. You supposed to have a little, a low, a low meat. You're supposed to be a low, a little curvy and it just, at, at, at times it just, it just doesn't look right. You know you're proportionate with a little weight on you. They talking about it, it gives you diarrhea. Well stop overheating. I eat the wrong thing right now. I get diarrhea. I ain't on no zip. You gonna try it don't you? But you know, see how big I done got Hold, let tilt my camera down a little bit. I know you probably, you probably can't see, you see how I'm feeling in I'm a I'm all, I'm all, I'm, I'm all yoked up right now.


I told yeah by the time we get, I told you by the time we get to Atlanta, I told you I'd be at 200. You ain't believe me. My, my little, yeah my little pay lake shocker shirt don't even fit. It don't fit. Right. Yeah. No, no. See I be sweating on here. That's why I got me a towel now 'cause I do cardio. Oh, so Yo, your a she messed up too? No, hell no. I'ma actually messed up. Okay. Okay. Messed. No, but I do car, I do cardio. So I, I I, I've I've come to the conclusion Ocho. Right, right. Me and cardio in the, in the morning. We don't get along. Why not? I don't like doing cardio. That was the only time OCHO and all my in, in, in college. Yeah. Me and my college coach got in one disagreement.


For real. That morning workout. That's the best time to workout before the sun come up. No, It ain't Before the sun come up. Nope. Nope. Oh, You tripping. Nope. You tripping. So I shifted. I said I'm gonna do, I'm gonna go to the gym. Yeah. Workout between 1130 and 12. Come home, eat chill 1130 and get on the bike. Yeah. Oh man. Hell, hell, I don't eat. I don't eat till nine 15. Don't y Oh, I don't even eat breakfast in the morning. I mean, I'm My bad. Let, lemme take that back. I eat breakfast in the morning, but I'm at the gym at 6:00 AM Oh no. See, I'm, I'm, I'm a early, I'm a early riser. I'm a early riser.


Not yesterday. This morning I messed up a little bit. I didn't make it to the gym till eight 30 because you know the show boom when we get off a boy, not, not yesterday's show, but the show when we had no allowance on Yeah. And Vernon them. Yeah. Boy, I was fight for my life, boy. I swear for God I was fighting for my life trying to stay up. But no, as you could tell, at night, I done took a goddamn, I done took a nap. You done took a nap. Oh, I took a, so that's what I, that's what I do, Ocho, I just, I work out in the afternoons. Right. I get in my garage. Yeah. Be about 115 in there. Yeah. And I burned anywhere between 300 and 800 calories. So I'm good.


And so by the time I come over here, that's why I'm sweating guys. And so it's gonna be, it's gonna be like this. So on the, on most night, because I, I gotta get, I gotta get my cardio in. You know? I gotta get, you know, I gotta get right. Yeah. Yeah. One day you can look like this, but I'm telling you, tell, give. Oh, I Got, nah, Jordan, my competition. Huh? Jordan be in the gym trying to show off. He be boasted. He look at it right here, right here, you know. Hey, you know somebody asked me would I get ready for a show. I said, man, ain't nobody asking you that. Oh hey, You just made that up because I've been watching you the whole time.


Right, right, right. Ain't nobody saying what word to you. I said, when they ask you that, Who, who's stronger? It all depends on what. Right. Like he, I can't, I don't know why, but I can't. Flat dumbbell bitch. Man. Hold on. I just watched your video. Right. We did 2 25 and you kept, and you kept going up and up. Yeah. For the life of God. I don't know what it is about flat bench for me. From the chest. From the chest here. I can't get it off. I can't get it off. I get up on them damn dumbbells one 2000 with not, not with ease, but Right.


I can, I can go, I can go, I put 2 25 on the goddamn bench. I get up under there. I need for one, I need help taking it off. And then I need help from the chest to right here. This, this area right here is good For me. Yeah. That's your sticking point, Man. Well you gotta work on your triceps And hell, That's tricep work. Right. But when it comes to that dumbbell bench, strong as hell. Yeah. I like incline. I, I can do, I'm good at incline, incline. I probably can do, I did what them one 30 twos, the mle, I can do one 30 twos because I can flip those. But I probably Oh, anything two week. Yeah. In two weeks I'm gonna hit them. I'm gonna get them one 40.


I'm gonna get 'em before he does. I know he see, he, he's gotta be slick. See, I've been getting to the gym early. Yeah. And I've been parking where he can't see me. So he come in there, he got his backpack whistling. I walk in into jail. He, you ought see what, what you doing here Ball. I like what you, what you doing here? I'm working out. I'm gonna be ready to get ready to train you. Is that what you getting ready to do? Hey, where I thought where, where I find one of them people, man, y'all be having the camera where, where I get the camera people from. You Have to, you have to hire somebody. Yeah. I need one of them, man. I be watching people, you know, they, they, they, they record their workouts and just their day-to-Day life. Even when they go places, you know, they take nice pictures and I'm like, maybe I need to start doing that, man.


Like how, how much a photographer cost though? It all depends on what you trying to, what you trying to do. I mean, you going need somebody to edit, Edit a picture or Yeah, I mean video. Yeah, video. Even pictures you wanted, you wanted to edit it. You wanted it nice, you know, you want it smooth, you want it look like it's professionally done. Right. Right. Yeah. Because everybody got, I look at all the NFL players. NBA players be taking pictures and you know, when they go on dates and nice places, you know, people catching 'em coming out the car and Yeah. Oh god damn. But I just, I know I'd be scared of Attitude. Well that's Jordan job. Jordan Joy. Got it. Jordan like the cam when we on the road. Right. George's like Jordan go everywhere I go.


Oh, He good with the camera. He got the camera. He set it up in the hotel room when I go to functions behind the scenes. Right. So I was like, okay, when I go do a commercial shoot, right. There's like anybody coming. Okay. I bring my makeup, I bring my a personal makeup person. Right. I bring Jordan because he gonna get behind the scene footage. We'll collab once the commercial get ready to come out. Right. So, yeah. Shit, I'm, I'm finna do that man. I'm finna, I'm finna, I'm finna, it's finna be a new OCHO man. Forget this man. New ocho. Hey anybody, every man out there man, that's, that's willing to travel with me. Listen, I got 30, 37, 30 11 jobs now I don't wanna hear no complaining, but forget that man. Well see, that's why it works with Jordan.


Jordan ain't got no kid. He ain't got no dogs. He ain't got no pets. Oh. So he just go, he he on call. He, he, he on call. He gotta go wherever I go and I'm gone all the time. Right. But he get a little workout in, Hey boss, you need anything? Nah, you go ahead. Right. So he go get his workout in, he find out what I got going on. I ain't got nothing going on. He get an hour, hour and a half go do his workout, get his workout in. Right. Sometimes he go to the, use the hotel gym. Sometimes there's a gym somewhere that he, he's read about or Right. Thought he like, Hey, I'm gonna go here. He trying to stay one step ahead of it, but I ain't gonna lie, I would get it.


Yeah. I'm catch to do that man. Chad, y'all don't know anybody in Miami, man, that, you know, I just, Yeah. Yeah. There are a lot of people in Miami. Yeah, I, I know, but, and and what if they try to hit me across the head, like with, with price. Like if you, if they come talk with some, some crazy numbers, man, like, nah, I, nah, It all, it all depends on what you tr what you, what you what I mean. You getting for like a hour, you gonna hire somebody for an hour. How long you gonna hire 'em? Because that day rate, it can rent anywhere from between 1,002 thousand for a day rate. We only probably need like an hour Time out. Go back, go back a thousand. Who? For a date? No, I won't. Come on Unc. I fly spirit man.


I, But I'm saying Come on now. You know I ain't paying those thousands just for somebody. Take no damn pictures. Now come on. But Here. No, I'm Ocho First of all, you gotta pay for them to you. You understand Ocho they have jobs. When I, when I used to have my, when my massage therapist, yeah. Excuse Me. When she came to work on me, I booked her. So she was gone for three days, three, four days. Yes sir. All The clients that she would've had. Right. I bought them out. Oh shit. Yes. That's how it works. My massage therapist in Denver, when he came to work on me, right. I booked it, whatever he, Monday he was off Monday. So Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, I bought all of, so he was doing eight massages a day.


I bought all them. So I had to pay somewhere between 800 and a thousand dollars a day. A day. Yes. A thousand day. 'cause that's what he would've got had he been working. You can't take me, you can't take me from my work. Right. And expect me to give you a hundred dollars massage when you've taken me away from a thousand dollars. Right. Okay. Okay. I'm, listen, I'm, I'm trying to pro I'm trying to process this, I'm trying to process this, like, okay, I'm trying to figure out where in my budget, because listen, I, I have a monthly budget. I ain't going Whatcha trying to do. I just, you know, just, I, I I wanna, I forgot what people call it. Like if you look at my Instagram, right. If you look at my Instagram, right, yeah.


My Instagram is just straight night Nightcap, nothing else. You, so in other words, you want, you want some personal stuff on there? Yeah, I wanna, no, you know what, I think I'm gonna leave my Instagram how it is. Right. My, my main page Ocho all them father, that's straight. That's straight Nightcap stuff. Right. I think I'm create another page and I don't know the right word. And I wanna like, I wanna, you know, I wanna create a, like a like content and, and you know Yeah. Get dressed up nice and getting out the car, them nice shoes like the nba Yeah. Be doing and okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. But I wanna do that man. Ocho But you're gonna, but you have to understand like in order for somebody to do that, you hire them.


I mean, okay. How long you have to book them, right? Like, is he gonna be your, is he gonna be a guy you use all the time? Yeah. It got, it gotta be all the time. Because what, what I wanna do is I wanna be consistent. It feel like I'm behind the times a little bit unc, everybody doing it. So I think I wanna catch up with the times as far as aesthetics are concerned. I'm a lazy dresser. I'm a lazy dresser unc, so maybe, maybe I could hire me a stylist or something, you know, and, and, and just, and just, yeah, I'm a routine and some of the things I'm not used to normally doing. Maybe get out the box a little bit, try something different for a change. No clothes on. Yeah. Like I might, I might take your clothes back. But you know, just, you know, get some high-end stuff.


Have a, have aha. Not a, not a, not a booster. What you call the people that pull clothes. What you call them A stylist? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Get me a stylist, you know, have 'em pull me something, you know, put something on nice. Go to dinner, boom. Catch me, catch me coming outta the truck. You know, I pose and pretend like I'm not looking like, you know, stuff like that. I, I just, I just, I I just need to, I need to do something new, man, because I'm, I'm stuck in my So you looking at the vlog, you looking for a per, I mean, or you could, I mean you could use a, a a, a selfie stick and you could get A-A-P-O-V your personal point of view. Nah, nah. I, i, I wanted to be professional. 'cause people, hey, you ever see some, some people Instagram it look like they, they fucking models and shit.


Yeah. Like, that's, that's what I want. I want some nice, like I'm a I'm gonna do it. I just, but If you're not trying to monetize it, so why you doing it? I, you could mo how am I, how the hell am I monetized it? I ain't no model. I just, I just want, I like the curation of people's igs. It just looks dope sometimes. So are you gonna be an influencer or are you gonna be wearing other people's clothes? I mean, what you trying to do? Hey, you think I could be an influencer? Yeah, but what, what would be my, what what, what would be, what would my content be though? The stuff that they send to you. Well who gonna Simpson you Like, I mean you see Fashion Nova men, you see a lot of these women wear Fashion Nova.


Oh, you could do fashion over men. You could do different things. Yeah. For you think I can get a, you think I get a deal with Fashion Nova men? Yeah, you could.


$5,000. That's the average amount of money people in the US are now spending on gas in a year. Five grand. That's crazy. If you drive, you have to download upside the free app that gives you cash back every time you get gas. That's right. You can earn real cash back with upside just by buying the gas. You're already buying. You can literally start earning cash back today. I use Upside every time I fill up and I've already made around two, $300. You're putting gas in your car anyway. Why not get real cash back? If you like free money, download upside. I'm saving the cash iron from using Upside to help pay for a vacation later this year. Download the free Upside app now to earn cash back every time you buy gas. Use promo code coin to get an extra 25 cents per gallon on your first tank. You can cash out any time. Write your bank PayPal or a gift card for Amazon and other brands. Just download the free upside app and use promo code coin for a 25 cents per gallon bonus on your first tank. That's code Coin for a 25 cents per gallon bonus.


Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoke for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed, you can get a full night's sleep. Hell you could wake up shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit, cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed.


There's No better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


I have some big news for vegans and vegetarians everywhere. It's Hellman's Plant-based Mayo spread and dressing made for people with a plant-based diet. And anyone really who wants to enjoy the great taste of Hellman's reel without the eggs. I'm gonna go ahead and hold for applause here. Yep. It's a gluten-free plant-based alternative to the traditional Hellman's mayonnaise, but without the eggs. But that Hellman's Mayo taste, you know and love hasn't changed one bit or one doll is probably more accurate. This is big news because just like Hellman's reel, Hellman's plant base is still perfect, absolutely perfect for sandwiches, salads, and veggie burgers of course. So you can feel good about serving it to your family. To celebrate this major condiment milestone Hellman's is sharing some easy plant-based recipes from mac and cheese to hearty dinner options, refreshing salads and even breakfast delights. You can find all these delicious recipes@hellmans.com. Hellman's plant-based mayo spread and dressing, same great taste plant-based. Visit hellmans.com for recipes.


This is John Miko from Three and out with John Miko. eBay motors is here for the ride. You know what I remember about my first car is at the moment I got it. I wanted to improve it because like most 16-year-old kids, you don't exactly get a luxury automobile. So you look at it, you go, well I need to add some speakers. I need to tin out the windows. I need to make this thing the coolest car possible so I can cruise around town with all my buddies waving at the babes and enjoy myself. So my favorite part of car culture when I was young was definitely the subwoofers in the back of the car. And we built the boxes from scratch, had multiple 12 inch subs and you could hear me coming from a long, long way away. With over 122 million parts. You can make sure your number one ride or die stays running smoothly. Brake kits, LED, headlights, roof racks, bumpers, whatever your baby needs. eBay motors has it And with eBay guaranteed fit. It's guaranteed to fit your ride the first time every time or your money back. Plus at these prices, you're burning rubber, not cash. Keep your ride or die alive at eBay motors dot com. Eligible items only exclusions apply.


Alright, Ojo, we gotta check this out. We got the, we got the Olympic gold medal in speed climbing. Joining us, he set the time of four seconds 0.74, 4.74 seconds. And here he is joining us live. Sam Watson. Sam, how you doing bro? Thanks for having me. Can you hear me? Yeah, we can hear you. Can you hear us? We can hear you, yeah. Doing great today. Thank you for having me on. No, thanks for coming on. Ocho, before you go, lemme ask you this. Obviously you're going, you go to the Olympics and you're trying to win the gold medal. Did you think it was gonna take a world record in order for you to win the gold or you didn't really care at the time?


You're like, I want the gold medal and if it takes a gold, if it takes a world record, because if I'm not mistaken, you had just set the world record a couple of weeks before going to to Paris. Am I correct? Yeah. So I set the world record twice actually. I set it once and broke my own one in April at a company of China. And then I went to the qualification elimination heat and broke. So I lost it for 14 minutes to another athlete and then got it back. And then, so speed climbing is a tournament format. So then I lost in the semi-final round, got sense of the bronze medal match. And then, you know, after that you kind of got nothing to lose. You're kind of mad. So then I broke my own world record to get the bronze medal. Ah, Okay. I like it. Listen, you grew up in South Lake, right?


Yeah. So I'm curious. I always like to go back. I always like to go back and, and get a better understanding on where the passion and love for climbing came from, especially speed climbing. So I just personally loved the idea of improvement and the idea of being on the same wall. It's the same track every time, right? And you can be on the same wall in training as every, all these competitions across the world, right? So lowering your time through all that. And I met a beautiful people, beautiful community in DFW and that really brought me up. Ah, well lemme ask you this. Obviously you got eliminated from gold medal competition and you set the world record in the bronze medal match.


Is there, is it bittersweet? Because obviously you went there to win the gold medal. Now I think the constellation prize of setting a world record and taking 50,000 off a Nightcap, you had to feel pretty good about that. But were you kind of disappointed in your performance, Sam? Yeah, there's a lot of emotions. Obviously you have this goal of this is the only thing I want. I'm trying so hard to get an Olympic gold medal. But to be quite honest, I think I represented my country well and I respect the other two athletes that podium ahead of me. And I like the fact that I had this goal for so long and now I have four more years to keep that the same. I get to go to LA 2028, compete in front of my home crowd when I'm a bit older and more experienced. And then hopefully competitions wise, I can get a big resume of things, keep my world record, push it down, and then be a gold medal favorite.


And finally kind of complete that resume in la Yeah, I like it. Listen, as someone that also climbs, not not walls, listen mango trees, I don't know if you would know what mango trees are. I used to climb the fence. I used to break into the pool when I wasn't supposed to be there in the summer. As a little kid growing up, that is really considered climbing. But for you speed climbing, it, it, it, it's, it's demanding not just physically and, and mentally. How do you handle the pressures right before it's time to climb? Especially when you have to compete against someone and you and you're competing against time. Is it difficult? Yeah, so I'd say speed climbing is the lowest margin of error sport in the entire Olympic games.


Yes it is. 30 movements at max speed And, if you mess up one, you're kind of screwed. Ah. So I mean you gotta embrace the pressure, tell any other 18-year-old that they have to compete in this sport at the, on the biggest stage competing for your country and glory. And then I was also thinking about the gold medal count overall. Right? Thankfully we did one in the tiebreaker but kind of chip on my shoulder that we didn't win overall. So I mean, you, you have this dress and you have this pressure and obviously you have to embrace it and not everyone can. Sam, how did you get into rock? How did you get into speed climbing? So I got into climbing because I would climb walls and I'd climb these brick places around my, you know, house.


And my parents were like, we, we wanna support you, but you're gonna, that's pretty dangerous. So they took me into the climbing gym and I met a great community in DFW and that's kind of how I got into it. Competition climbing and then eventually speed as well. So how, how long were you, go ahead, Ojo. Okay. Listen, when you talk about speed, right? And when it comes to climbing, how do you improve your reaction time and explosiveness? Like you, I know how to do it when it comes to sports, you know, and the things you have to do in the weight room, but how do you improve your reaction time and explosiveness when it comes to climbing? That's, that's really interesting. Yeah, so it's a, it's pretty similar in a lot, a lot of ways to track as well. So I'm in the gym probably three to four times a week and then I'm on the wall probably four to five times a week.


Right. So you're in the gym doing some, not fully plyometric, but pretty like decent high effort motions, right? Big jumps. I can dunk a basketball, I'm only five 11, but I can, I can do it and like wow. Stuff like that to really get you, get you exploding on the wall, both upper body and lower body. Hmm. I like that. But it definitely works better at, for rock, for speed climbing the lighter body weight you are, but the stronger you are, am I correct? Typically the leaner? So think about like the, the archetypes. Think about like the ja morant type builds. Yes. Where you like very lean and you can jump really high. So I would say the, the leaner rather than the just overall lighter you are.


Is this the quickest you've ever won 50 grand? Yeah, I'd say so. I'd say so. Hey, Be before race. Do you have any pre-race rituals? Do you have any superstitions or you just go out there and have fun and just climb as fast as you can? Yeah, so since the wall's the same every time, what I do is I kick the wall and I I'll hit the wall and then I just say every time after that I have 20 seconds probably between that time where I set up the, set up the buzzer on the foot and when I go I have about 20 seconds in that 20 seconds. Regardless of if it's in practice or if it's at the Olympic games, I can do the same thing every time. Ah, that's dope man. So the walls, no matter what the competition, all the walls are exactly the same.


Yeah, yeah. There's some, there's a couple details. Like obviously it's hard to what's called the homologation where you make it the same every time to certify a world record. But generally yes. I got I gotta do that. I gotta do that. You're you I will, I will gladly give both of you guys a climbing lesson. No, I'm too heavy. I'm too heavy. I'm Too heavy. I think I, i I wanna do it. So what I've done all the, all the Olympians that we've had on track swimmers, I've challenged everybody. I've cha I'm so somewhat this could, this could almost be a series. Listen, OCHO versus everybody, even though you guys are deep at what you do in your respective crafts, I do respect it, but I wanna compete. I wanna race against you and speed climb and see how bad I lose.


Or maybe I can win. What's that? No, no, no. So, okay, wait. If you set up all, so you come out, I I live in Salt Lake City. Do you wanna come out there? Right? Okay. I think you guys are you guys in LA too? There's a, there's a wall in LA as well. I, I'm in, I'm in Miami. Miami, okay. Yeah, I'm not sure about that. But we, we can find a place, right? Right. And, we can put you on the speed wall, right? We can do, we can give you a road to sub 10 seconds and that'd be, that'd be super impressive. 10 seconds. 10 seconds. Yeah, That's long. I I'm sure I right. Alright. Okay. We'll give you, we'll give you nine or eight. I mean you can just keep going. You can keep going. I like that. I like that. Okay. We, Sam, need camera crew. Okay. Sam, do you, do you free climb?


No, no. Unfortunately my parents disapprove. I can't be doing that. Too dangerous. Okay. I got, I got a couple. So the guy who did that, Alex Honnold, the free solo is a, we want to do not just speed climbing on the, on the regular competition wall, but I want to do big wall speed climbing. So I'm trying to race up like the route he climbed to the nose in Yosemite Valley. Like, I wanna try to do that in under two hours. So that's a, that's another ambition I got. That's dope. That's dope, Man. I mean, but so what's the biggest difference? Obviously speed without, with speed not being a factor. What is the major difference between climbing, wall climbing and say free climbing? So like what I do, speed climbing is just on your goal is just to compete and do it faster.


Yeah. And you're really racing against the, the mental aspect and the stress one I talked about. And then like, climbing on rock is such a different experience and I still do love doing that so much where you're, you're in nature, you're on a route and it's typically harder and you're doing it slower. So the holds which you grab onto are smaller. Right. And the, for both your hands and feet. So you have to grip 'em pretty hard and, and all that. That's, yeah. That's crazy. Well, Sam, thank you for taking time. I know you are busy. Thank you for getting back. Congratulations on your bronze medal. We got you covered. I, I think you've already seen received your, your, your Constellation prize from Nightcap. Thank you again for coming on.


We greatly appreciate it. We're proud you represent the country extremely well. Best of luck in 28 and we'll see you down the road. All right, see you guys then. All pin me up man. If you wanna learn how to climb, I'll, I'll follow through. I Got you baby. See you guys. Thank you. Alright Man, have a good one. You Too. The Volume


Summer's here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get a chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. Nope. But a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Regency app for details.


There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart ti trau Efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase Q vfc works by visiting vyvgart.com/mo a. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/mo A brought to you by Argen X.


This is Michael Rappaport and I have been professionally podcasting for 10 years. The podcast game has changed so much. And if you're looking for the most disruptive podcast in the world, then subscribe to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast. Today we're talking sports, politics, pop culture, entertainment, and anything that catches my attention. Listen to the I Am Rappaport stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief and once you break through that right then you know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.