
Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered, like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon? Music, music to podcast fast shipping. What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school, you're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card.


Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report. The Volume NFL


playoffs we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking. Sportsbook


The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


According to Adam Schefter, several teams have expressed interest in trading for Bryce Young. You're never gonna to get what you gave up to get him. Despite the fact Dave Canales said Carolina Panthers did not intend to trade the former number one overall pick. He said you weren't gonna bench him either. According to sheer, although the Panthers have said they don't plan to trade young at this time, sources around the league believe it's only a matter of time before Carolina actually does complete a deal. I'd like, I'd like to see him, I'd like to see a change of scenery. I'd like to see a change of scenery. Where he goes is very important. I'm not sure if he would be a starter, but maybe due to injury based on where he goes. If a starting quarterback goes down and he's able to get in there with a, an adequate offense with a, a good supporting cast, then we can get to see the Bryce Young that we're used to seeing when he was at Alabama.


And it's, it is unfortunate that it came to this and I think the benching is so early and only his second year because of the impatience of Dave, of Mr. Teer and Dave Canales knows that, knows that very well. You know, the fire Frank Wright, Frank Wright, 11 games in, in the season because things weren't going well. Mr. Canis knows that as well. He knows his lease is short that they don't continue to win and he just felt that they couldn't win Bryce Young at the time. And he's gonna learn, he's gonna learn. I don't think much is gonna change with Andy Dalton at the helm too. No, you already Again, Andy Dalton. If Andy Dalton is the answer, I need to know the question you're asking. Second of all, Mo Joe, do you realize how far you would've set this organization back?


'cause if you missed that, you miss on that guy. Yeah. Now you're probably not gonna be in a position to draft another one. And if you do, then what if you don't surround, if you draft another quarterback and you don't surround him with anything, the same thing's gonna happen to that quarterback that happened to this one Right. To square one. And it's probably going to keep happening until they, they they draft. Right. And, and I'm, I'm keep happening. Look the way he treated Steve Wilkes after he turned that program around with Matt Rule and you didn't even give him a, I don't wish bad. I'm just like my grandma used to say, boy, I don't wish bad on nobody, but I sure don't wish good on 'em either. Right.


So I'm not saying I wish bad, but I don't wish, I don't wish prosperity either. Yeah. I just think he's handled some situations very poorly. I think Steve Wils deserves an opportunity to get that job and hopefully another opportunity presents himself for Steve. But that was a very, that was a very, I mean, he doesn't have patience. I don't know how he thought he was gonna be a great owner without patience. 'cause you gotta have that ocho you got to have it. That's rule number one. That's rule number one in business in general. Forget owning a team, being an entrepreneur, running a business. And now, now we talk about the NFL.


Like you can't, you can't use money and buy your way into winning. It takes time. It takes time. And then, you know, they, they show in a situation. I think his, his ex is dating Tyrese Max. I think they is. Like that's on his mind. You see what I said? Ocho you see, you think so if you keep, if you keep your stuff private, if you keep your stuff private, you can break up in private. Yeah. If you date publicly, you gonna have to break up publicly. And then everybody gonna start speculating. That's why he playing bad. That may or may not be the case, but I seen guys, they have no girlfriend to play like crap guys be married and play terrible.


I mean, we gotta stop automatically su because somebody's playing bad. There's something going on in their lives that's leading them to play bad. Right. That's not always the case. Yeah. Now that can be the case. Oh yeah. Have I seen it? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It, it can be a distraction. It, it, it, it can be a distraction. So, but I don't think that played a factor. I'm assuming they probably been, they haven't been together for a while. Especially for her to be moving on like that in public. But you ain't moving on we I supposed to do. Wait, I mean, you know what I'm trying to Saying you I know what you saying. Saying I know what you saying. Yeah. It, it, it had been done. We just catch a wind up because they, she's just going in public now.


She's not yours. It's just your turn. I mean, that's the thing. I mean, is there, is there a time limit on Joe? You break up, you break up with, So you break up with somebody if there's a time limit in which you can go public with another person? No, no. I, I don't think there's a time limit, but I, I think, nah, I need to know you hurt because if you ain't, if you right away, oh, you ain't love me anyway. Oh, listen, Wait, listen. I forget about love. Forget about love. If she moves on right away, she was already talking to that individual, you know, planting that seed while y'all were still together. That's why the, that's why the transition and moving on was so easy because see, for one, she was already mentally checked out anyway and she moves on and move on fast.


That person was already in play anyway. Ooh Lord. And if he's smart, you have a better understanding anyway. If she's willing to deal with you while you with me at some point, as time goes on, then you gonna get, you gonna get the same treatment too. Gotta pick her up. So It's, it's a cycle. The cycle, the cycle never ends. Hey, the cycle. My grandpa used to say, boy, if they'll cheat with you, they'll cheat on you. Don't let that go of your head. Chad, listen, Ocho, ocho, ocho Listen, I, I I, I've said, I've said it before myself. I've said, I've said it before myself. Whatever they're willing to do with you when they're not yours, they will do to you when they belong to you. Ah, man. That was see And the cycle will, the psych, the cycle will continue to repeat itself over and over and over and over no matter what.


Hey, you say they do what they do for you and they, you know, they knew because you say all of a sudden woman start working out red, say, boy, she getting ready for somebody else to steal naked. Mm. Oh now, hey, well you just slept outta in that trail. Like real. Yeah. Well, hey, that's, that's the wonderful thing in what we call life. And one thing about human nature, one thing about human nature. Human nature is undefeated. It is Ocho it is Undefeated. Undefeated. You could post as many quotes as you want. You could say everything that Be they be killing me with that ocho And, and don't live by man.


They quit God, God and by life don't God child. Don't what? Don't live by nan. Bit of it. Yeah. And got a head on the Bible and dude beating her back end. But she God child, okay. Yeah. Okay child. Jayden Daniels is Matthew, mark, Luke, and John. He's the gospel. He's him a period I period. M Yeah. He's him. Well, Yeah, he is, he is. And He's 21 of 23, 254 yards, two touchdowns, zero turnovers, 91% completion percentage.


He goes on the road in a hostile environment against the very hostile. And they, we know the bingos, the crowd is gonna be rockers. They're ING two, they don't want to go down ing three. It's very, very hard to make the playoffs going down Oh to three because guess what, in order for you to get back to 500, you gotta win your next three games. That gets you back at 500. You have a slip up. You could easily be one in five or two in Four. Matter of fact. Not, not to make matters worse, unc Ask. Ask. I'm not even gonna say it. Ask, ask who we play next. Watch this. Ask Ash who the bang play next. Don't y'all got, don't y'all got Baltimore no B who they got next?


Oh, y'all got the Panthers. That's a win for the panther. I got the panther. That's, that's easy. That's an easy dub there. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Don't who you, who you got Panther circled. Y'all on the schedule. Listen, I'm going, I'm going, I'm going to that game. Not back. Back to this game. Listen, Jayden Daniels was phenomenal. Jayden, Jayden Daniels at the quarterback position played phenomenal tonight. Listen, the franchise, the commander franchise, they got them one. Oh they got, they got them a 10, 12 year, they got them a 10, 12 year franchise quarterback. And we got a small sample size of it at LSU. I didn't expect them to come in this early.


As a rookie. And this is the question I'm gonna ask you as a rookie, and look this good this early. And my question to you, Anki, is, which you might have a better, better way of answering, why is it that some rookies can come in their rookie year and look the par to look like they've been before? The CJ SRAs. The Jayden. The Jayden Daniels. And then you have other rookies that don't look the par They struggle. Yeah, they don't. Well That's, that's with any position. Some wide receivers come in and you get a Randy Moss or you get a Pooka Nku or you get a Justin Jefferson. And then sometimes guys it takes a little longer. Everybody doesn't mature.


Some people reach maturity at 18. Some people it takes 'em 21. Some people it takes 'em 25. Some people never damn mature. But you do. It all depends on, look, the one thing we know about Cliff Kingsbury, he can coach some quarterbacks. Yeah. Yeah. He and Lincoln Riley can coach quarterbacks. Now we can, you can say what you wanna say about them as head coaches. But when it comes to running an offense, when it comes to putting a quarterback and taking what he does really well and accentuating that and putting him in the most positive position So you he can have success, it's hard to say somebody is better than those two. Now Sarkisian might have something to say about that because we know what he's done with quarterbacks in his tenure as an OC and a head coach.


But that's the one thing Cliff Kingsbury Lincoln Riley can do. They can coach the quarterback position and he has a quarterback processes information very well. He sees the field very well. He had Terry McClure earlier on a seven route and he threw it out of bounds. A hundred percent of the balls that land out bounds, they're incomplete. But you say what he did on that next one, he put it up. Yeah. Under Dures gave McClure an opportunity, keep him in bounds In the bread basket. And, and And, and, and McClure did a great job of holding onto it. Oh, this, this young man. I mean the moment is not too big. You saw what he did at LSU last year. He won the Heisman Trophy.


He was sensational dual threat quarterback. But the thing that I love most about him, he's not relying on his legs. He will only run if it's absolutely necessary. Absolute Happy. Got To, this was supposed to be marquee year for the Dolphins. So far it's turned into a night worth. As it stands, Tua will not be able to practice and play until week eight at the earliest. And even that might be a hopeful timeline. While the schedule is extremely favorable until that time they get the Titans, Patriots, Colts and Cardinals. It's tough to favor Miami and any of them. Whoa, Whoa, Whoa. Based on their quarterback situation. Listen Brother Skylar Thompson is hurt. Tyler Huntley is stepping in.


Tyler Hunt has played some good football. When he is with the Ravens, like I think he can bring a little bit of insight. Yeah. It's a different type of offense though. That was a run based off, this is a pass based offense. You, you, From a pass standpoint, I think, I think he'll be a little bit, little bit better than Scott Johnson and being able to get that goddamn ball to Waddle. Being able to get that ball to cheese up. Being able to get that ball to Yeah. I I think we gonna be, I think we gonna be all right now. Got a nice little dual direct quarterback. He can pull it down and run with it when he need to check This out. It might not be as bad as you think. If he can, if he can, if he can get in the boys about maybe the two and two.


What? It's bad. So you, you don't believe in Tyler Hunter, it's Bad Right? You said it. No, it's not as, As bad as you may think it is. I Think it's worse. I'm not saying they, we we bringing in Lamar Jackson. Okay. I ain't calling him Lamar Jackson, but man, he can play some ball. If, if if, if You know, you know with Afri, you know, hunt with a fridge in at one time, sir. Right sir. A free agent, which means any other 32 sometimes, You know they do that. So you didn't know That, huh? The team could have signed it. Ocho stop. Now if you a quarterback, they might do that to some other positions. Not that position because it's too valuable.


It's too valuable. Or plot lane. I'm gonna say something. I ain't gonna say it. I I don't even feel like being controversial. But don't worry about it. I'm gonna let that one go. I think the thing is, is that, look, there are Ryan Tannehill available. Cam Newton is available. I don't know if Cam really wants to play or if he's in shape to play football. Desmond Ritter, who Possible trade targets. Bryce wait To go where? Russell, Wilson, Carson wins to Miami. Bryce Young and two were on the same team. I, I wonder why, why they, I mean what other quarterbacks out there that are familiar with that offense?


I, I like Tanny Hill. Tan Hill would've been nice. Carson went, Carson Wentz run ran a, a a a a variance of it under Doug Peterson. Right. Doug Peterson, The same Umbrella. Andy Reed got a West coast system from Coach Parcell, Mike Hog. So it's a, it's a, it's a offshoot of it. It's not, it's not like Kyle Shanahan and, and Sean McVey and Mike McDaniel, all those guys. Really? Yeah. But it's, it is a, it is an offshoot of it. Or they could tank and get the number one pick.


I mean, you know how difficult it is to tell. And you might get, and you might get Travis Hunter. Oh, okay. Or you could get Your door. Wait, Jacksonville. Oh my, oh No, Miami. Oh no, I Moved On from Jacksonville. I'm think about the quarterback situation 'cause I'm thinking about being a bust. I I, I I hate using that word. I hate using that word for that position. Especially when you go as high as number one to Miami should do. Damn. That's, that's, no, that's impossible. You just paid tour. That's impossible.


Damn man. I, I, listen, I, I mean, I mean sometimes people build a new house and sell it. Nah, not really. Sometimes people build a new house and sell it. Not really. I I've, I've never, I've never heard of that one. If you build something, you're gonna be there longer than three or five years. Yeah. Yeah. I Are you trying? No, I'm looking to flip. Hey, that's a good one.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. You passionate about a hobby, a sport, or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime, Amazon Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon Music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course we can all agree one of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime, you can have what you need deliver the same day. But it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon Music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone or this podcast, whatever you're doing, working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now,


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know, those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress Fee-free overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bancorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members. FDIC. SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out of network ATMs.


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm, olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


Maybe they go get Joe Flack on. Okay, now that, now that's a good move. You talking about you wanna, you want to add a spark to your offense and not miss a beat or a step. You go get your Joe f Flaco. But yeah, he Do. Joe, push it down the field. Now he got an arm, he ain't gonna move. Now the Statue of Liberty has moved more than Joe, Joe Flaco in the last 175 years. Yeah, I Got, okay. One 50. But anyway, you get where I'm going. Derrick Henry 209. Total yards, a buck 99 on the ground. He caught a touchdown pass. The ravens looked very, very good tonight. And all three phases of the game. Offense, defense, special teams, the special team didn't really, the the kicking game really didn't come into play because when they got the ball down there, they got the ball into the end zone.


The Baltimore Ravens are starting to look like the Baltimore Ravens. We expected them to look like Lamar Jackson again. Outstanding performance for, what was he, 13 of 18, 1 56. Two touchdowns, no turnovers. Derrick Henry 24 for 1 99. I wanted him to get that man. He wanted that thing bad. He wanted that two bills. Two something about two bills. 1 99. Somebody gotta give you the word. Like I have a staff man. They tell like last, last week, just yesterday, they came and told me, Hey Travis need 10 more yards to go for another a hundred for his like six consecutive game. Right. So we was getting ready to try to get him a quick slant or something to get him his 10 more yards. 'cause we were aware of that stuff.


But the game, it, it played out differently. And I didn't want to be insulting to throwing a ball when we're up, you know? Right by margin. So the the staff tells you that they should have got in that one more yard man, right? Yeah. Well they, he needed, he needed six. No, he needed four. 'cause he had 1 96, right? He came in, he got two, he got upset. 'cause on the last, the last possession, they tossed it to him. And he wanted a straight handoff. He wanted got to hand it to him. Let the, he didn't want to toss. 'cause he know the defense is gonna be flowing because if you know you need that many yards, guess who else know you need that many yards. But all his big plays came from the tall sweeps though. That, that, that, that's probably why they did that.


All his big rams broke, came Tall. Sweet. They did. And the, and the fullback. But I didn't, I didn't like it because what they did is they had the fullback. They had the fullback and the offset. So I like him straight up in the eye. But when you watch this game, Ocho, what did you like about what you saw from the Ravens? Listen, they look completely different than what they looked the the previous what? Week? Week one, Week one and two. Yeah. Being able to run the ball. I kind of feel sorry for the receivers. I feel sorry for Zay a little bit. I feel sorry for Aguilar, Mark Andrews And likely because they're not getting, they're not getting the touches. I think they should because the running game is so efficient, especially tonight. The play action worked a little bit better because the running game was so efficient. And Derrick Henry doing what Derrick Derrick Henry does.


We saw the Derrick Henry of old that we saw when he was with Tennessee, somewhat in his prime. Obviously being able to hit his head off the goal post. And I'm not sure how Derrick how old Derrick Henry is, but what he went 97, 95 and nobody, they Couldn't catch it. 87 First time nobody can catch him. Uhuh couldn't catch it. He had catch you great win. He had great win. Yeah. There you go. There you go. I see. What, what don't you mean? I said he had great win, Chad. What was I saying? Don, you Bam. Yes. Lose to the Broncos. Aaron Rogers annoyed at so's comments on offensive cadence. That's not good quarterback. I mean, head coach said one thing, start playing, saying something different.


Me, because I'd be on the cross like this. Boy that was gotta Get on the same Lord page on that page. They need to be the same page. When, when, hold on Ocho when has he, when has Rogers ever been on the same page? He marched to the beat of his own drum, bro. Y'all, you Know that coach out there? You can't, you can't do your coach like that. You can't throw your coach. He's always done that. Do that. He's always done it. When when has he not done it? And see that's what happens when you are great like that. You got MVPs, you won a Super Bowl. Ain't nobody gonna say anything.


Hold, hold on, hold on. Let's get this straight big fella. Everybody on this thing was great. Now ain't we ain't liking greatness on this call. No, no, but I'm saying But you don't. Oh, the time. You know how, when, when it comes to the quarterbacks, the more, the more, the more hardware you have, the greater you are, the greater people are willing to sweep what you say. What you do under the car. Hold. Not us. There's another No, no, no, no. Stop On, hold on, hold on. Now you gotta forget who's saying it now. You changed the quarterback that makes a statement like that. They ain't sweeping nothing under the rug. And, and Roger get away from no, stay with me now. That's my point. I'm I'm gonna leave that down.


That's my point. Yeah. But but, but when, when does it stop? When does it stop? Never. Never. It. No, no, no. Every one thing about it, everybody in this game Oh yeah. Has a shot clock. Oh yeah. Everybody, everybody a shot clock. Guess what happens? It happens to everybody. They'll tolerate you. That's right. So they can replace you. That's right. Did you not see what happened in Green Bay with the quarterback before Aaron Rogers? Did you not see what happened to Aaron Rogers? They will tolerate you. Go back and look ab situation in Pittsburgh. They will tolerate you until they can replace you. And when they replace you. Yeah, They done.


It happens. Ab Shannon ain't talking about you because you know AB is shoot back. Shannon, I just want you, she trying say you relentless on that's dog I love dog. Shannon. Shannon, Shannon. He's sorry. He ain't, he ain't, he ain't wanna talk about you. No. Leave It alone time. The one thing, the one thing I've learned about you, what you told me is that hey, block that noise out. You know who you are. That's right. Somebody, somebody saying this about you or calling you this, you know, that's not who you are. So why does somebody that you, you don't even have no dealings with saying something about you bother you. That's right. Like Bro, it's the attraction. It's the attraction. Most people are attracted to hate.


I'm attracted to love. Show me you love me. I got you. Love. Listen, I'm attracted to love, but I need a little bit of hate, huh? Prime. I like a love I need, I need a little bit of, I need a little balance. Like on Twitter, like on See you, you probably got pong pedals on your bed and you ain't got no pong tape. You probably wanna be spanking all that. Oh, I got a whole, I got a whole dungeon. I got Aon. Yeah. See I'm about You swag. You see it? I got a swing set, right? No, I did not wanna see it though. I wanna see it. You know what, check for those of you, you saw the movie 50 Shades of Gray. That was my script. They took, they took the field I sent in footage.


I was supposed to be Christian Gray. I was supposed to play that part. They, they, they took, they took my in the footage. I sent in visual reference to show them what I could, you know, what I had and what I could do and what I do at home and my little dungeon. And they went and made a movie outta it. I sued and all I won. The sad thing about it, sad thing about it. It's a little truth to that what you saying. See that's the thing that they don't understand. It's a little to every good joke. It's a little truth. Truth I about truth. My last name at heart. And I don't tell no jokes. I lie for you before I lie to you, What y'all do, Hey, I'm clean, I'm clean as they come. I'm time. You know me, I'm clean as they come time.


Yes sir. Coach o Antonio Pierce, head coach of the Las Vegas Raiders, like the IG post. Speculating that Devonte Adams might've played his last snap with the Raiders. Don't be Sports Illustrated wrote, don't be surprised if Devonte Adams has already played his last snap with the Raiders. Michael Obia, how do you say his last name? Michael Fabiano. Like by Antonio. So you Have understand when you see, when you hear things like that or when media has speculations like that, it comes from somewhere. Huh? It it ain't, it ain't coming out. It ain't coming out the air. It ain't coming out the air.


So the fact that we're in the social media area, Antonio Pierce and many other coaches have social media as well and the fact that him liking it. What did Antonio Pierce say in his, He says, I have some guys out there making business decisions and we'll make business decisions Moving if Devonte Adams happens to end up with the New York Jets. I said it first. If Devonte Adams happens to end up, there was one more team that was a needed reseal. If Devonte Adams ended up in Kansas City, I Kansas City, I said it first. Okay. He ain't gonna Kansas City. If it ain Devonte Adams in Kansas City, it will be Amari Cooper.


I you you, you could book that Or what you call him or I a I'm sure I'm sure what you call wanna go there too. DI Because I was surprised that they didn't get de hopped when he was available last. Yeah. They Wasn't paying enough money. Remember? I thought, thought that would be a good, they They they would cut me short on, on the, on the cash line. Yeah. Throw me the bag. You know, you know what I can do. But here's the thing, Ocho, is that what you gave up to get Devonte? You're not going, nobody gonna give, nobody's gonna give you two first round of to take, take to get a wide receiver.


Hmm. Kinda Guess what? I know you wanna get rid of him. See, Tyreek got what he wanted because it caught everybody off guard. Nobody that hey wasn't nothing. There was no, there was no speculation. As a matter of fact, they had just, did they lose the Super Bowl? They had just lost the Super Bowl. I think they lost, they lost to Tampa. Yeah. If I'm not mistaken. No, they No, no, no, no, no. They lost the Cincinnati in the championship game. That was Tyreek's last game. Because remember they ended up picking a pass. He threw a deep pass and it ended up getting picked off to Tyreek.


Nobody knew that Tyreek wasn't available. Drew Wanted to do a deal. Tyre wanted to be a highest paid. The one thing is, hey, they're not gonna let you force the hand and it says, okay, hey you can go shop yourself. So it's like, hold on. We need to tell, we can get Tyre knowing that there are some teams out there, Ocho, they really need a receiver. You talking about one of the top three of one of the top one. He probably ain't gonna to get past three. So you got one of the top three receivers available. Whatever you, whatever you want. What is it gonna take to get it?


What? Whatever you want. But listen, you gotta understand that them candidates and chiefs are in dire need of a playmaker. I mean, I don't Think they give, I don't think they give up two. You be first rounders at this point. I don't. Okay. No, that's my point. You're not gonna to get, that's what in return, what you, So you know how it is. You buy a car, the likelihood of you back, you go buy a car right off the line, Keep up for three weeks. Absolutely not. I think you not gonna, I think the Raiders understand that. But why would you continuously keep a player that's not happy around that, that that has let it be known that he's not happy and he he wants to be out. He's not vocal about it.


But look at his body language. Look at his mannerisms. Right. You know, they, they gonna make it happen. I'm telling you the, This is not what he signed up for Derek. Or he thought that when he came there, he was gonna play with his college teammate. That's what he thought. And after one year, his college teammate was gone. And so now he played, he played with Aidan o' College like, bro, who gonna get me the ball? Because y'all got, y'all got people out here thinking I'm, I'm losing the step. I'm stopping stepping off a cliff and y'all not paying attention. Who's throwing me the ball? I had Aaron Rogers. I come, I get Derek Carr and guess what?


I still go for 1500 make first team all pro my first year with a new team. They trade quarterbacks and we got these quarterbacks that's throwing me the ball. And y'all expect me to make, you know, wine outta what y'all ain't at. At least if y'all gave me water and grapes, I can make wine. Y'all giving me vinegar and say go make wine with Devante. It's on one person. Turn water and the wine man. Yeah. But they say, well Devonte say, well that's what y'all want me to do. Just gimme some, gimme some grapes. I get the stomping little water sugar. I, I can make something happen outta that. But you giving me vi vinegar, it it's gonna be bitter. They Gonna be all right.


They, they gonna listen Antonio Pierce. So you gonna make some business decisions. They gonna make it. And I'm telling you, if you end up with the jets or if you end up with the chiefs, I say this first. Yeah, yeah, Because that's 28, 20 9 million. Yeah, 20. Hold on. Oh, lemme ask you a question. And this is what I tell people all the time when they, they need to pay him. I say, what did they finishing the division last year? Mm. Last Well, they can finish that without it. I mean, oh Joe, you can finish last in division and not pay now 20, 30, 40, 50 million. I mean, if I'm paying that kind of money should not be first. I mean on the Cusp of being first.


Now they had a huge comfort behind win down 10 points again to Cleveland. Yeah. They came back beat Baltimore down 10 points. So they have resiliency, they have resolved, Which remember, you remember now in order, in order to be, in order to to, to be efficient, you know, offensively you got to have, you got to have some dogs now you got have some dogs now. Yes. You gonna, you think you gonna walk, you think you, I just think you think you gonna walk out there A bunch ofWe go Ahead and you, you you gonna be able to dance with, with the roters, that ain't gonna happen. You got have some dogs out there to be able To compete. You do.


I just think Devonte at this point would be happier elsewhere. He won't say he won't say it, but I say it for him. It's, yeah. Yeah. I mean he's like, I'm born up. My welcome here. I can only do so much. I play a very dependent position and the people that I'm depending on, I can't or I shouldn't be. There ain't nothing worse than being ocho. You know how you, like, you need a ride and need somebody to take you somewhere and you already know, Hey bro, I need to be here by X time. And you are the worst thing need to do in anything.


Need a ride. Be in a relationship where you're dependent on that person. You know, because you, you get dependent on a person. Yeah. To treat you like any kind of house. Think about it. Somebody making the money. Yeah. They expect you to take whatever they, whatever they dish out. Where you gonna go? Who gonna treat you like me? Well, I can go anywhere and get treated just like this here. I might not have the means, but at the end of the day, you treat me like the stir fry. It's a lot, a lot of folks in situations like that. Now you preaching. Now It is. It's, but it, it's like my grandpa and I tell this all the time.


I remember my grandfather very vividly telling my aunts, 'cause they had gotten grown, they were still at the house and they wanted to come in. You know, they wanted to come in one, two o'clock in the morning. My grandfather say, don't grumble and stay grumble and leave. He said, tell me what, tell me what A-S-O-B-I am at your place, but you ain't gonna tell me what I am at mine because you're not coming in here at the time that you wanna grown folks have their own place. Whole bunch of grown folks. Don't stay with other grown folks and then try to tell them how to run their house. It sound like roommates. Huh? That ain't happen in that Marty Porter's house. So guess what happened? Hmm? They got this stuff in left.


Don't grumble and stay grumble and leave. Tell me what I'm about for. I am at your place. Right? Man, I can't stand that mofo he make me sick. But you at your place saying that. You not finna say that here. You know, you know in that Man, look at bar your man. Look here. Yeah. You talking about Hurricane or Paul Lee? Paula, look here. Barney Port, they played the drums, man. He did not play with his kids or nobody. Kids. It was, he was matter of. Right? Imagine what I'm magnified times 10 when that joke would say, I'm gonna be at your house a certain amount of time.


You better be sitting on that porch when he, when he say, I'm coming to pick them, I'm coming to pick them kids up to go to Bible study or go to Sunday school, be right there, here all the time and I'm gonna be there next time. It wasn't No, hold on Mr. Barney, you better be ready. Oh no. What, What? You think we got that from Ocho? He did not play that. When that man say we leaving for church at this time. Lord have mercy. I shoulda had my brother tell you. Ask him. Yeah. That Joker didn't play at all.


He was quick to say, look here all that joke. And Kiki kid. Right? He said, Greg grown man, don't play like that. All that Kiki ki That's why I get that Kiki Kira. Mm Oh no, but I tell you what Chad, if y'all see my brother asking, say, say Sterling man, I heard your brother talking about your grandfather. Tell us what he was like. See what he say. Now I got Gonna ask about that. Don't know what to say about Deshaun, bro.


Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime for a minute. I've got mine. Do you have yours? Not just about one thing. It's a whole collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. If you're passionate about a hobby, a sport, or all sports in my case. So you just need to get things done fast. Prime, Amazon, Prime's got your back. You can watch content, order supplies, listen on Amazon Music. It's all included under One Prime membership. Of course, we can all agree. One of the best things about Prime is the fast free delivery. With Prime, you can have what you need deliver the same day. But it's more than that. Prime is a collection of excellent services. I love it. Amazon Music. Listen to the tunes that keep you in the zone or this podcast, whatever you're doing, working out on the road Prime doesn't just help you get closer to the things you care about. It helps you discover new things too. Prime's always there to fuel your passion. Make it just a little bit easier. So whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. 'cause you know, I have to have an iconic watch party. First of all, my fellow friends and fans check. Got them in the building. My favorite jersey. It's lucky. Yes. Check. I'm wearing it right now. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game-changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in, everyone's starting five. For me, I consider hypnotic like the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth qualities every point guard must have. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with superior ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So you're saying, I know hypnotic is great, but describe it. What's the flavor? What's going on here? Well, it's got a unique mix of premium vodka, tropical fruit juices, and a hint of cognac. Again, to put it in basketball terms, this is balancing out my roster. We call this balance in the business, and it's a hit at watch parties. The hypnotic comes out. We're adding a splash of color and flavor to every buzzer beater moment. And everyone has a drink they can enjoy that tastes amazing. And guess what? You can find hypnotic nationwide at your local liquor store or favorite bar. It's probably easier to get than you know, those court side seats, which are available. But look, hypnotic is available everywhere. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liquor Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


The New Year's here it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now we're talking brands like Colgate Soft soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Palm olive products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1, 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report.


I'm running outta words Ocho at some point in time. OCHO just gotta stop now. Cleveland hasn't top more than 18 points in the game this season. The Browns enter week five with the worst third down offense in the NFL. And they con they failed. They failed to convert all 12 of their third down attempts today with Deshaun in the game. Well, Hey, I, I got a question. Yeah, yeah. Listen, Ocho, listen at some point in time, Ocho, What, what's the issue? What's the issue? Is it, is it, is it, is it mental? Is it, is it the play calling? I mean, what, what do you think it is? And I'm confused, huh? I've been watching football for a long time, for a very long time in the, in the nose dive in the nose dive that, that I've seen from a personal standpoint of aby maybe a top three quarterback when he was with, with the Texans To what?


The, the version of Deshaun Jackson. Deshaun that the version of Deshaun Watson I'm seeing now. That's how in such a short Amount of, he's even close to himself. Such a short amount of time. How Barring an injury, the only time, the only time Ocho I can say this, I've seen this kind of drop off from any kind of player hold on, is through injury. Injury. If you have a significant injury that would explain it. I could offer you Ocho man, you know, the man tore his, he tore his patella tendon ocho, you know, the man tore his achilles, he had back to back ACL surgery Ocho, he almost had his shoulder ripped off the bone.


So that would explain the cataclysmic drop in its play. But I don't see an injury that would cause It. Yeah, it it's mental. It's mental, huh? This is up here. Listen. Do you know how hard that is to get back, especially at that position, at the quarterback position, the court, Hey, listen, yes, Because everything, because messed Up many here and at the quarterback position, you got the ball in your hands every time. So your judgment in your mind, it already got to be clear. Because if you judgment in your mind and you're not healthy as well, on top of that, you'll never be, you'll never be able to play well, you'll never be able to excel at that position.


Like I was, think I was thinking about it. I'm looking at, I was thinking about it earlier day, I think, Well, god damn, I'm, I'm looking at, well, damn, the Browns, we got eMAR Cooper, you got Nick Chubb, you got Nick Chu coming back soon, maybe I think maybe two weeks, Jerry, maybe one more. And Ku And Joe. Ku Elijah, Elijah, you bought him a young bull. Damn. Why, why, why I'm going blank right now. You got, you brought him a young boy, Jerry, Judy, you know Who That I'm like, what? Okay, we good? Yeah, we good. We we, I'm talking about we good. I'm just saying from a, as, as a fan, as a, as a fan of Deshaun Watson, as a fan of some of these young bulls over there, man, that, that I enjoy watching.


I'm like, okay, they gonna compete. They gonna compete. They gonna have a chance, you know, in the AFC North. And it just, it is not what I envision based on what I've seen in the past, and I really can't put, I can't put my hands on it on why they look the Way they do. Oh, so he don't even move the same ocho he don't even move the same, he don't look the same in the pocket. And, and, and, and, and I think, you know, look, I'm not here to try to rehash and rethink anything, but I think that that, that, that weighed a lot on his mind. I think it weighed a a, a hell of a lot on his mind.


And he wa he's, he hasn't been the same. And I think everybody knows that. No, I not breaking Ocho you and I are not breaking news. Everybody knows they, I saw the guy, he led the league his last year starting in, in, in, in Houston. He led the NFL in passing yards. He did that. I'm not so sure Deshaun, he is a, the 28th, 29th, 30, 31st, 32nd. He's a bottom five quarterback. Currently. Look at Joe Flacco and Indy. Look at what Joe Flacco did in Cleveland. Joe F fla. Joe Flacco is a, if I'm not mistaken, I think I read this, is eight days younger than Anthony Richardson.


Mon Hey Joe. Joe O Joe. That o Yes. Yes. It's because I think sometimes Ocho when you have Yeah, An image and, and then all of a sudden that image is not what was being portrayed. And people start to like, you start to think, how do they, how do they look at me now? How do they perceive me? Yeah. And that plays with you because you're out in the public.


It's, if somebody, I I, I would've bet so. I've lost a lot of money. Ocho. If somebody would've said, Shannon's never gonna be The thing. I Bet said, man, you at your mind. I said Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. I, hold on. Is he gonna have Shannon? He's not gonna have a career threatening injury. He's not gonna have anything. Nope. He's just not gonna be seen. I Would, I would've bet on, I would bet with the quickness too. I know, I know what I, I know what I've seen from him. I know what I've seen. And I've just, I've just never seen performance decline in such a fast rate. Especially when you have better, a better supporting cast than what you had in Houston.


And he's young and oh Ocho it wasn't like he's 30, Deshaun is certain he 30. He can't because he came out, he's 29. I got a, I got a, I got a better question for You. He just turned 29. Oh Joe, How you get him back to the old de Sean? How do we fix the problem? How do we, how do we fix the issues? Lemme ask you a question in professional sports. When have you seen a guy have this kind of precipitous drop and bounce back up? Name the sport. Football, basketball, baseball.


It ain't never happened, huh? Yeah, man, It's hard Ocho because so much of sports is physical. Yes. We've seen guys that had talent, but if you are weak minded mentally Yeah. That's where you have to be the strongest. What do they say? Yeah, the best athletes have what? The strongest mentality You gotta be Because that's everything. You have to have a self-belief that I'm the baddest mofo on this field, this court, this, this dime of this, whatever the case may, whatever your avenue, this court, what Serena, whatever your arena is, you have the mindset that I'm the baddest mofo here.


Dang it. Because a lot, bro Tom Brady ain the most talented quarterback, not even close. He might not be the, he might not be in the top one as far as talent. Yeah. Yeah. I'm talking about, I'm talking about physical talent, you know what I'm saying? I'm talking about the ability to run jump arm strength. That's, that's what they beat you at Him and Payton, That joke of mine, drew Brees. That's where they beat you at. Huh? They beat you upstairs. All that coach feed to Tom. Oh man, that's a great to, I'm listen and I tend to tell people, how do you know? I said, I'm telling you how they think.


Lemme tell you, because we did a lot of this too. They going to tell you what a great team that is. And they're really, really tough. They're really disciplined. They're really well coached. But in that closed door behind that meeting, Belichick is telling that we're gonna kick their ass. And Tom Brady is in that meeting telling 'em at practice, we're gonna kick their ass. They don't deserve to be on the field, but we're gonna keep hyping them up. He actually believed that. And what great leaders can do, they can convince others around them to believe just like they are. They believe just what Tom was so great and so believable. Guys, we're gonna kick, we're gonna do this.


We're gonna do this. Man, you hear what Tom said, man, we down 14. Tom said, we coming back. Yeah, we coming back. Yeah, we coming back. That's how it works. I don't think Deshaun, I don't think his, what happened? Same thing. Look at Ben Simmons. Oh, Look at Ben Simmons and basketball Ocho all defensive, all star, all NBA rookie of the year. Yeah. He got hurt. But a mentality was, is that what happened in Philly? Y'all remember I said it.


I said he never going be the same. His coach criticized him and the best player on the team criticized him. But Stuff like that shouldn't break you. That's that's Motivat right there. That's, that's, that's motivated. I ain't, I, I ain't, I Oh, Joe, you Have to understand. You don't think I host? Okay. Bet. Lemme ask you a question. Okay? Yeah, it's the, it's th it's fourth. Hold. Hold on. Wait, wait. Hold, hold on, hold on. They Hold on. Hold, hold on, hold on. You said Hey Carl. What Down, what down it is. Okay. Okay. I'm lined up. It's fourth and five. Oh oh. We in huddle? No, We're in the huddle. No, they call the play. They say, oh, oh, let's say we gonna call 200 Jet X Lamb.


That's you, you the X. No, no, but this what you do. You done lost your confidence so bad. You like Carson. Oh hell no. So tj the ball and you Got hell no, you got me. Fuck boy. But fourth and five and you know, as far down ain't finna play man to man. Man, stop playing that. You remember that game when they played Atlanta? They passed Ben Simmons the ball. Oh, Hey. When he, when he, when he had to lay Ben Simmons passed it off. See that? I remember. I remember that. You see, You see what I'm talking about. Dave Canals threw Bryce Young back in the game with four 15 remaining and Bryce took his first snap in the game since being benched after O2.


Oh, So you being to tell me the quarterback situation that don't change anything, huh? Huh? On the first play, he brought time and scrambling five miles Sanders open for a 27 yard. Gang canals brought, did a fantastic job of said Andy Dalton will remain the starter for next week against the Falcons after the game. Bryce Young asked if the current situation lit a fire. Put it here. Come on. What'd you say? Ocho Politic politically correct. He's saying, he's saying, he's saying all the right things, but maybe that it is just him though. You, you can tell from his, you know, his mannerism that way, the way, the way he carries his himself. That's just him. Huh? His personality. Ocho. Yeah. I, I, I, I see. I can see that's his personality.


I can see Cool dude. Real soft spoken. Real soft spoken. It just, you know, I think, I think he, he gonna get his, he gonna get the opportunity again. I just, I just hope his confidence is, is, is yeah. Whenever that opportunity presents itself, that he's ready mentally, you know, and I think it's, it probably, it, it might be with the Panthers or if it's, if it's elsewhere. I, I, I hope he's ready. Well, until they get some weapons, they're like, don't put me back in there. 'cause I ain't gonna look no better because Andy don't Look, look how Andy, look at Andy Don numbers with those weapons. And if I woo oh, Andy Dalton.


Woo. Look at Andy Dalton. We got a large enough sample size to know what Andy Dalton is. Large enough, plenty large. I don't care who the quarterback is. Ain't nobody, look, you better be Peyton Manning or Tom Brady to make, make this, these receivers look good. They Got, they got some nice, they got, they they mean they got, they got some boys over there. Now, once they get Adam, once they get Adam Thilan back, they what? Xavier leg they got mgo. You know, they got some boys, they got Deontay. Listen, they got Deontay Johnson. He had one Target, one kid. They got some nice, you know, some nice little pieces. They just gotta put that shit together. They got, they got put it together. And then when you have a, when, when you have, when you have question marks at a quarterback position, that means the receiver position and the tight ends have to be that much better than the quarterback.


It gotta be. It Gotta be. And that's why, that's why he doesn't stand the chain. That's right. Because they're not, that's not Nice. Huh? They're not that much better. He ain't, he ain't throwing Kel and La Porta and Kittle and guys like that. He's not throwing to Justin Jefferson and, and Chase and the guys like that. Even if you want to go e even if you take those top 10 guys out and go the next 10, what? What guy if I give you, if I give you how many receivers you gonna go to before you take Deontay Johnson leg, I get it. He's a rookie. But how many receivers and tight end are you gonna go through before you pick one Carolinas Bunch?


That's, Look at what CJ was throwing to. He had Nico Tank, Dale, Noah Browns. Well he had Dalton Schultz, he had nice people. Which one of those guys are better than any of the guys that I named On the Panthers? Yeah. Which one of those guys is better than Nico Collins? Better than Tank Dale. Better than Dalton. Schultz. Better than hell.


Noah Brown Comparison is the thief of joy. Yeah. And they stealing all the joy from Bryce Young because they ain't do it. Ish. I'm glad you brought, I'm glad you brought that up. The


Volume. Alright, let's talk about Amazon Prime. It's not just one thing, it's a collection of services that help you get the most outta whatever you're into. Whether it's a hobby, sport, or getting things done fast. Prime's got you covered. Like my hobby for all things sports. You can order sports supplies, listen to content like this podcast on Amazon Music or watch content. You can do it all with Prime. Everybody loves the fast, free, same day shipping, especially as we kick off the year. But what about all the content you can listen to on Amazon Music. Music to podcast fast shipping? What is not to love about this membership? I'm in prime Fuels. Your passions makes everything easier. So whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age cell prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


The Unshakeable Podcast is kicking off season two with an episode You won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.