
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of one that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


This is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you Chasing all the limited editions in the classics and the reals, you go to eBay score all your once in a blue moons and check off your wishlist for hard of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic streetwear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you could wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love ventures and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Tired of wandering the aisles at Walgreens, trying to find the best deals. Well, we've got something that'll make your shopping experience a whole lot sweeter. Introducing Drop the app that rewards you with free gift cards just for doing your everyday shopping. Whether it's groceries, toiletries, or your favorite snacks with Drop every purchase earns you points towards fantastic rewards. Download the Drop app now. Use Code Drop five five when you sign up to get $5 in points.


Hey, it's Wilford O and Sabrina Bryan, And we're the host of the new podcast, Magical Rewind. You may know us from some of your favorite childhood TV movies like My Date with the President's daughter And the Cheetah Girls movies. Together We're sitting down to watch all the movies you grew up with and chat with some of your favorite stars and crew that made these iconic movies happen. So Kick back, grab your popcorn and join us Listen to Magical Rewind on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Brought to you by State Farm like a good neighbor State Farm is there.


It's back to everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back to it, Back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meets today, back the Day. Make it. Alright.


The Volume, the 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. Been hungry for some college football. Well, we finally get a taste this weekend. Don't miss any of the action. Jump in at DraftKings Sports book. This is going to be DraftKings biggest college football season today. Enjoy the ride now all the way through the expanded playoff. Plus all newbies getting into college football spirit. Here's something special. New draft King customers can bet five bucks to get 200 instantly in bonus bet. Score big with DraftKings all college football season loan. Download the Draft King Sports book app now and use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 200 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crown is yours.


Hello everyone. Welcome to another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe College football weekend is officially back. He's your favorite number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo ring of Fame artery, the legendary pro bowler all pro. From Samo Juco to Oregon State from Liberty City's on. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Guys, thank you. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go sign up for the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcast subscriber counts And. we greatly appreciate you for helping us get to this point.


Make sure you go check out my Shaa by La Portier. We are taking pre-orders. We have it in stock, so if we don't have it in a state near you, you can order it and we'll ship it right to your door. Go follow my media company page on all platforms that Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. All the link to merch is pinned at the top of the chat. Everything is 20% off right now, so please make sure the ch the link is at the top of the chat for Nightcap. Merch is 20% off ocho, let's go college football. Saturday is officially back the game that just went off. Number seven, Notre Dame went on the road, took down number 20, Texas, A and M 2313.


Jeremiah loves touchdown with less than two minutes to go put Notre Dame on top. The defense held kick a late field goal and they win by 10. Marcus Freeman and Notre Dame make a national statement on opening night. The defense was outstanding. All game long. The offense delivered in the clutch when they absolutely had to have it. And that's the mark of any great team. Can you get done what you need to get done when you absolutely, positively have to. And that's what they were able to do. Get a touchdown late, get a stop late on defense, and they go on the road and get a win national televised game in a hostile environment. Ocho, what did you like about what you saw from Notre Dame? Listen, I, I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it not only from Notre Dame, but I also enjoyed it from Texas, A and m The game was exciting throughout from the beginning to the finish.


Again, like you said, could you get it done when you need it the most, the game of football, whether it's at the collegiate level or whether it's at the NFL level, it's all about moments and doing what you need to get done in those moments. And that's what Notre Dame was able to do on the road in front of a hostile environment of 107,000 at that stadium. But it was exciting. I'm not sure if I'm, I'm trying to figure out how, how do I say it? Would it be in the first game team just getting out there, getting, getting adjusted to the speed of the game? You again, you could practice as much as you want. Is it a measuring stick or a guideline to where Notre Dame is probably not being that They were very successful last season.


They had a, they had a great year. Texas, A and m had a okay season last year. Last year. I think they'll be fine. But it's a, it is a good win for the especially be be able to be able to do it on the road. I don't think Texas, A and m is in a good spot that quarterback's gonna have to play much better than what he played. And then the days of being able to play outstanding defense, outstanding special teams and cover up your quarterback. Those days are long gone. Be it, you can't have 'em, it doesn't matter the level anymore. You used to play outstanding defense, play great special teams and you can get away with marginal quarterback play. Those days are over. Yeah, we see it now. When you have a quarterback, you can win. It doesn't matter where the location is on the road, neutral site or at home.


You cannot hide your quarterback. You can hide every other po every other position on the field position. You can hide it. I can roll coverage to protect my corners. I can make sure the safety stay back and, and shell coverage. I can stunt, I can do a lot of different things. Offensive line. I can slide the line one way or the other. I can send it back. Says I need you to chip your way out before you go out. I can put a a, a wide receiver in motion to help him get off press. What do I do with the quarterback when he has to touch the ball on every single play though? Unless you wildcat, but I'm saying 90% of the time your quarterback is gonna touch the ball and the days when you trying to run the ball ocho 50 times a game and win it.


Nah, nah, it's not, it's not gonna happen. But this, this is the thing, this is the thing when it comes to Texas, A and m when you have subpar quarterback play like we witnessed tonight, that means those around the quarterback have to be that much better than he is. And that's coming from, I'm talking about from a a receiver standpoint, they have to be that much greater. And they don't just have that at Texas, A and m yet because if they did, it would've showed up tonight. The game. I don't think the game would've been as close as it was tonight. They played outstanding defense. Yeah, they Played defense. Texas, A and m played good defense. Notre Dame played good defense. But the one thing that could have separated Texas, A and m tonight, if they had, I I don't wanna use the word elite receivers, I mean five star receivers that could actually take over a goddamn game.


And that is the only thing that could save you from subpar quarterback. They coulda had Randy mos. That's it. They coulda had Jerry Rice. They coulda had to, they coulda had megatron with the way that quarterback played tonight. None of that was gonna help. Yeah. The way he was sailing the ball over the head, the way he was throwing the ball in the dirt. Nah, ain't no bailing out. Now I'm willing to give them the somewhat of the benefit of the doubt to say it was the first game, but he's gonna have to play exponentially better moving forward Better Yeah. Than what he played tonight. Ojo. Because think about it now. Yeah. Even CC Georgia, Alabama, Texas, Ole Miss Oklahoma. Every, Every week. Listen every week.


Yes. Ain't no, ain't no, ain't no, ain't no days off. Ain't no week off. Yes. Every week you going, every week you gonna have to Bring you Tennessee. That's what you up against. You think you gonna tro that quarterback out there with the way that for the mo most part, a lot of these teams in SEC play defense, you think you gonna trot that out there and you're gonna win a game? Nah, nah bro. Nah, nah. They going, they gonna beat me bro. They gonna eat you up. Do, do, do, Do you think they made the right decision on who they wanted to start at quarterback? Well, I think, hold on. When I, when you look at it, you go through a whole spring training O ocho you have offseason conditions. Yes sir. You come back in the, in the training camp. So clearly he must have been the best guy for the job.


You don't really know. I mean, some guys, you know, we've seen it guys play really well in spring ball. Guys play really well coming back and then getting the game and they don't play so well. So let's give him the benefit of the doubt. I don't know a whole lot about the kid. I'm, I'm watching it intently just like everybody else is. But I know this, that's what got Jimbo up out of there. And if your quarterback don't play them, nowt NM got deep pockets. That's all money they got real, they got big. Yeah. That's what's Yeah, they NIL real deal. That's Why it should, it shouldn't be any issues. It shouldn't be any issues to compete at a high, at a high level that that's what I'm saying, because of your pockets, because of you having an advantage that other other schools don't Have. It doesn't matter how much, how much stock you have.


If the stocks ain't worth the itch, you can buy all the stocks you want, but if you don't buy the right of stock, so you can spend money on players, but if you don't get the right players, I think coach about that today. Like they said, Ohio State has a $20 million team. He was like, coach Saban said don't matter if you don't spend it on the right players. Well, right. We know Texas, A and m got deep pockets that's got oil money. I didn't go back to generations, but we've seen it before. They had the number one recruiting class and what did it get? Bored? Nothing. So it doesn't matter how much money you spend, it only matters if you spend the money on the right things. Right players. Yeah, sir.


And so that's what they're, that's what Texas, A and MO Joe is gonna be up again. The we know what the SEC year in and year Out. Yeah. They send more players to the NFL than any other conference. They're, it's what? It's you. Whether you like it or not. Oh look who went Michigan notwithstanding won the national championship. But look at Alabama. Look at Georgia. Look at the teams over the last 20 years. What conference? Probably 15 of the 20 national championship that was won over the last 20 years have come from that conference. Yeah. The topic first rounders total draft picks come from that conference.


So you're gonna have to get better at that position because everybody look, the, the talent is there. Texas, A and m got talent now they got some four stars and five stars. Are they Georgia? No. Are they Alabama? No, but they got talented players. But it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter if your quarterback can't get them the ball, they're gonna have to be better. I like what I saw from Notre Dame, but you know Notre Dame, Marcus Freeman, he cut his teeth on the defensive side of the football. They always get up to the, always play very, very good defense. And when they need to have it, you see the court, the cornerback was clueing. I thought it was the slot did a terrible job.


He's got, he's got to make the corner. You can't give him a straight line. Did you not see a Super Bowl? If you give him a db, a straight line, if he, all he gotta do is back pedal. He clue. He play it off. He knows. Yeah. This is what he knows. Ocho. Now I'm an two by two, the slot receiver release straight up the field. What the hell? I think the outside receiver running a go round or a sled a slant. And now if he runs a double move, coach gonna tell you son, if he runs, runs a double move, that's on me. That's on me. That's on me. That's on me. Yeah. But when he ain't, when he breaks, you drive as hard. God will let you He shoulda picked it.


Yeah, that's what he should, he should have picked it. So you study. I'm looking, oh, you bubbling like that. Oh hey you ain't this guy here. He ain't running no goal because if you was running, if he was running the goal, you'd have kept a straight stem. But you bubble but you didn't bubble enough to, because you gotta make me bubble. So I don't have a straight line to de to jet that ball. Yep. But give Notre Dame credit, I'm looking at their schedule Ocho, they, okay, they go on the road, they beat Texas, A and MI don't think they got but like three roll games. Unless there's some neutral site games in there. I think they're at Purdue and I think they're at someone else. I'm not sure. Maybe USCI think USC don't quote me on that, but I think so.


But when you look at that schedule, they have a very favorable matchup the rest of the way. Now we know, hey, things happen, but they're gonna be favored. I believe they'll be favored in every single game. Now Georgia Tech is a little tricky, but they do get tech at home. But man, it, it is set up for Georgia Tech. Excuse me, excuse me. But not Dame Notd. Dame. Their schedule is really favorable. Ocho Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. They Gonna be all right. Texas, A and M is not one in nine Been when being featured on college game day, they saying don't y'all bring y'all ass back. Ocho Notre Dame is one in, oh, they got northern Illinois, they got at Purdue, Miami of Ohio, Louisville at home.


Stanford at home. Georgia Tech. Oh, Georgia Tech is at the Mercedes-Benz do Navy is at MetLife, which is in Jersey, Florida. State at home, Virginia at Home Army at Yankee Stadium and at 23 USC. So they'll be favored in a large chunk of those games. Probably every single one of those games. Yeah, most definitely. I don't, maybe not tech. It's gonna be close. I still think there'll be, Hey Listen, listen, I I thought the same thing. Georgia, Georgia Tech beat Florida State. Yeah, right. Yeah. Georgia Tech beat Florida State. If there's gonna be a challenge somewhere down the line, and unless Florida, Florida State gets their stuff together later on in the season, maybe that might be a challenge of, of, of some sort. Right. But I think based on the schedule, you just told me the only challenge that Notre Dame might have might be Georgia Tech.


Yeah. Might be Georgia Tech. Especially coming in with that kind of confidence. Right. Beating the Florida state that most people, even myself thought Florida State should run away with it. I'm thinking, you know, Florida State few, four, four star, five star players, a, a school like that, that gets some of the elite talent, especially from the Florida area should beat or Georgia Tech team. Yeah. Obvious obviously that didn't happen. So if, if, if Notre Dame is going to have a scare or a game that's gonna be good, it would be that one against Georgia Tech, The number one ranked. Georgia Bulldog seemed to be in, in peak condition already. If they dropped a hammer on Clemson and the Mercedes-Benz Stone. Hey Ocho, I remember a decade ago Dabo Sweeney Yeah.


Said that a player started getting paid. He would exit his ass still there. Right? What he Yeah, what he waiting for? I, I think, I think he understood. And listen, this is one of the same reasons Nick Saban probably won't say it. This is one of the same reasons why Nick Saban, I think he left, he left Dabo, Swinney said it ahead of time without really saying it. Understanding that, that the, the It's coming. NIL The playing field E Yeah. It, it evens. It evens, you're at a disadvantage unless you open up your pocket book. Yeah. And that, that was Sweeney understood that. Nick Saban understood that. And he said, you know what, I'm waving my white flag. I'm gonna let somebody else take over from now on. Check this out. He's gonna have to, he's gonna have to come to the conclusion, the realization.


Right. He's gonna have to have an epiphany, which is a realization that if you don't get paid those, if you don't get the transfer portal, you ain't winning. Yeah. You gotta win. That's the only way, that's the only way you gonna win. That's the only way you're gonna compete. Now, I don't know who the boosters are over in Clemson. They gotta, that is the only way you're gonna compete with the better team. That's the only way you're gonna compete with the Alabamas. Only way you're gonna compete with the lsus. Only way you're gonna compete with the, with the Georgias, Ohio states, the Michigan, all those big topnotch teams. Yeah. Clemson is one of four teams. Navy, army, air Force. They don't accept transfer under Service Academy. That didn't land a transfer. Didn't.


Hey Dabo, you said when they started playing players, you were going exit stage left. I remember, Hey, you know another guy, coach K said I don't do like what one and Dones. No, that ain't me until he started doing one and Dones. Right. If you can't beat him, Jordan one and Dones. Yeah. Dabo. Yeah. You ain't got no choice. You in the program, you ain't got no choice. You're not that good. You ain't got no choice. You're not that good buddy. You're not that good. If you think you just going to get high school seniors and you gonna, and that's what you gonna win with, bro. It's Over. No, It is over. It's not gonna happen. Everybody else is doing it. Look at the top 10 teams and and I obviously reading the thing. I think I was in New York Times. O Joe's telling you what it costs. Right. To get a topnotch, you paying seven, $800,000 for a quarterback.


You paying four 500,000 for a receiver, you paying four 500,000 for defensive lineman. Can't beat them. Join them. Da Davo has to understand it is now a business. Yep. It is now a business. So we need you to evolve as the business model of collegiate football is evolving. And that is the only way you're gonna continue to compete. I mean, your only way you're going to be able to continue to compete. Yeah. He ain't, It's just a slight adjustment. You gotta adapt. Yeah. You gotta adapt with everything else. You have to adapt. And that's the only way. Listen, he has a, he has a buyout clause. It's goddamn $60 million, 20, 24, 57 and 26.


Man, come on now. I mean, and listen, I listen. I, it is not a bad thing though. You have to stand Clemson, they play Georgia. Yeah. They play Georgia. This is the best team in college football. Yeah. Is this a measuring stick for how good Clemson is or how bad Clemson may be? Probably not. Not in four last. Yo Joe, this is not A game. This is not a game. I wanna gauge on how good we are right Now. They went nine and four last year. That was the first time since 2010. They didn't win 10 games. Yeah. Hold on. You mean to tell me Georgia, Alabama, Ohio State, Michigan, all the top 10 teams can go in the portal. But you think you good?


Yeah. I mean you, you ain't going, you ain't gonna have no choice. I Gotta, something ain't right, don't you? Yeah. I Remember didn't have No choice because I remember the time. Guess what? When them PWIs wouldn't touch a black kid. Oh yeah. USC said, y'all don't want heard. We go get 'em. And then USC went down there, beat the brakes up Alabama when they went, when Sam Baum went down there and they drug Alabama. Yeah. Takes one to catch one. Guess what happened, don't you? Yeah. With Al Davis, they ain't want to take HBCU players. Al Davis says, okay, lemme go on up here and get me a couple of them. A lot of the players that's in the pro football hall of Fame come from HBCUs U Yes Sir.


HBCUs. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. So Dabo can do all this. He can get on his pulpit and preach and pontificate all he wants to. Oh, I'm gonna leave. And they start. You ain't had no player. He had no problem. Every time Clemson give him a boost, he making seven, he making eight, he making 10. He making 11. He ain't had no problem. All the players, this ain't, this is college, this is man, shut up. Yeah. Good player. Finn, get that money, get it, get it. And don't y'all go to Clemson unless they pay, pay top dollar. Yeah. Yeah. You listen, you know, if you wanna win, times have changed.


You gotta adapt to your surroundings. You gotta evolve just like technology. Same way the game has changed. Either get with it or you get gone. It's really that simple. It's simple. But Georgia look good. Georgia looked, Georgia looked, the quarterback good is unbelievable. We know Georgia's littered with four and five star recruits over the last five or six years at least since Kirby has gotten there, they're gonna have to have a top five recruiting class. He knows how to get players. He knows how to build a team. He was with Coach Saman for upteenth years. He gets to go back to his alma mater. He's won two national championships, played for a couple of, been in the, the college football playoffs.


He lost a heartbreaker to Coach Saban went two or three that touchdown in overtime. Yeah. But this team, the a they prime, they, they, they look really, really good. We know they're gonna play very good defense. They got a quarterback in Beck. That's, that's been a starting his second year. They're gonna, they're gonna be tough. They're gonna be a tough out. Now. We not, I'm not gonna put all my eggs and say okay. But they're gonna, they're gonna be, they're gonna be right there. They're gonna be right there. Yeah. You think, you Think, you think this game as far as Dabo Swinney is concerned that Clemson should be thinking about moving on from him after this season. But I, I'm, I'm sure that's why, that's why the first thing I said, I don't really wanna judge Dabo Swinney and Clemson Tigers as the measuring stick going against goddamn Georgia.


No, I mean that's, that's, that's kind of, that's that's kind of unfair. Oh, Joe, That ain't a whole lot of, that's kind of unfair. Could they, could they? Yes, but everybody ain't got that Texas, A and M money when they tell, when they tell da, when they tell a a a, a Jimbo here we got 70 million. Go ahead and go home. Ah, everybody can't, everybody ain't write no 70 million check and say go home. Right, Right, right, right. But Clemson got, they got some boosters. They ain't got like a MAM got got got d they got deep pockets. Right. No, I don't think I, and I don't think it's time for, for Dvo to go. I just think he's gonna have to adapt.


The greatest key to survival is adaptability. And he's gonna have to adapt his way of thinking, thinking that he can just get college high school seniors to come in those days are over And compete. Yeah. You got guys that are, that are all conference, that are all Americans leaving. We've never seen that. But Addison Addison was the Belinda Award winner and then he gets to NIL and he goes to U-S-C-U-S-C. So You see guys all conference players like, hey, such and such say they got five, 600,000 for me. What you got, bro? Oh, you ain't got it. Don't worry about It. Ill, yeah, a holler ain't no, ain't no more a in today's game, ain't no more projects.


Not, not when I five star. Ain't no project. We might start off in the project, but, but it ain't gonna be, Hey, we ain't gonna, Hey, hey, hey, hey mom, don't worry about it. I'm gonna get us outta of here. Yeah. Because I'm gonna go ahead and do what I need to do my freshman year. And if they don't break bread to get us outta here, I know somebody will, I'm outta Here. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And I don't blame them. I really don't blame these players. Hey, you, you know what I like about the NIL? Yeah. Those that come from struggle, those that come from unfortunate circumstance, depending on how good you are at a at an early age, you can kind of speed up the curve. Yes.


Is being able to take care of your family and get them out of, you know what? Unfortunate circumstance. Absolutely. I like it. I love it. I like that part of the NIL as opposed to the coaches complaining about it being an unfair advantage when it comes to the e to the playing field being even as far as competing. Well, I like the other side of It all the, all, all the, the NIL deal is legal pay. They continue to do that. Hell, Alabama had nothing but challenges and, and, and, and, and charges in that parking lot. So you mean to tell me every damn body love a challenger a charge. Don't nobody like Fords. Right. What They don't nobody like no court. Don't nobody like no shit. No, no, no.


Corvette. Mustang don't nobody like nothing. So everybody just, so you go there, you only use like challenges and charges. Yeah. Come on man. Oh, they been doing it now? Yeah, they been, they been doing it Now. Yeah. And that ain't, ain't got no problem with the players making that money. Oh, that's no, that ain't, ain't no amateur because I see the stadium field up there and a lot of 'em got on my jersey. Got my jersey number on. Nah bro, that ain't gonna happen. Lemme get I'm of that. Lemme get some of that. I like this. Yeah. I want everybody to eat. He eating. I'm eating too. I might not be eating as much, but I'm eating.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Tired of routine Walgreens trips. Get rewarded for shopping with drop. With drop. You can earn free gift cards on groceries, gas, and more. Download drop now and use code Drop five five to get $5 in points. Join Drop today.


It's back To everything season on the Today Show. It Always feels so good to get back to It, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day meet today, back the day. Make it.


Alright. I'm Victoria Cash and I wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land, where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky land slots.com And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Boyd, we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Make this new school year an opportunity for your kids to learn important life skills with Greenlight. Greenlight is a debit card and money app for families where kids learn how to save, invest and spend wisely while parents keep an eye on kids' money habits. Greenlight also helps families get into their fall routine with a chores feature that lets parents assign chores and pay kids allowance when they check them off. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Number four, Texas Beat. Colorado State 52 nut. The big story Texas Red shirt Freshman Arch Manning, who's the nephew of Eli and Peyton Manning through his first touchdown and he also rushed for a touchdown manning the number one recruit in 2023. Class came in late in the game with the Longhorns leading 38 nothing and LED two scoring drives ocho. Yeah. Which you thinking? I mean, it's expected Texas playing Colorado State. You expecting that? You know, Quin Evers had a really, Quin Evers had a really good game. He was 2020 for 27 2 63 tds. A unfortunate bad decision interception. Other than that it was good because they played so goddamn damn well.


52 zip blow our Arch Manning got the to get his feet wet a little bit. Get out there and see what it's like because he's next up in line. Yeah. You talking about talking about NIL money. What you think he finna get because of that last thing? What You mean he gonna get, he already getting, he getting 3 million a year. I mean Oh. Oh, that's gonna be, it's gonna be way man. Listen, by the time he get the what? Sophomore, junior year, it's gonna be way more than that. Ocho he making 3 million right now. And on the bench. Hey. Hey. That last name alone Yes. Is gonna command way more than that by the time he get to his junior year. Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Yeah, But I mean, listen, it's, it's, it is Texas. It's, it is expected, you know, especially against Colorado State.


I'm not sure. I don't have their schedule right here in front of me. I'm not sure at what point it will get testy for number four Texas. But they, they look, they look good. They look good. Yeah. They look they did, they look real good first game playing in the SEC and they did what they're supposed to do. When you play an inferior opponent, you're supposed to drum them Dominate. That's What you're supposed to dominate to do. Don't be all phases. Don't be satisfied with just winning just skating by. You dominate them. You let them know that you're not on our level. It gives you a sense of confidence. This is what, this is how we play. How we do some things is how we do everything. The, the opponent does not matter.


The only thing that matters is how we play. If we play the way we play, good things will happen. And more times than not, we're gonna have the type of victories that we had today. Not necessarily 52 to nothing. But when you play well, it gives you the confidence that you can play well against anyone. I know Colorado State is an inferior opponent, but I need to know that I don't play down to my opponent. The standard is the standard, don't y'all? Yeah. It gotta, it gotta stay there. And that's the things do. That's, that's one of the things, Hey listen, that's one of the things that a lot of people have issues with, especially when it comes to collegiate football. Sometimes you play down to your, your opponent. You do, you, you relax a little bit.


No, you don't step on the gas all the way. Keep, keep your throat on, keep your throat, Keep your foot on the throat. As my coach used to say, keep your throat on a goddamn damn neck. No, Keep your foot on the neck. Oh my bad. Oh, what, what, what Said keeps keep your throat on the neck. But we got the idea of what you're trying to say. Yeah. That, that ain't make no sense. My bad worry Don't. Yeah. But but that's, but that's what you do. I I, I just believe in that like the standard and people like they won. They won man, I'm telling you, I believe that I kill na with a sledge handle. Yeah. Doesn't matter who I'm playing because see I do your favor Ocho. When I beat hell out, you, I'll let you know your team is not where it needs to be.


See if I beat you by a late second field goal or the game is close. You going and tell your players, oh, that team right there And, we played with 'em tooth and nail. Nah, I want you to go in there. Hey, that's a great team over there. There's nothing to be ashamed about you. Yeah. There is. We drug you. Yeah. That means, hey, you need to go get better players and you know, to go get better coaches to coach 'em up. 'cause that's what we do. Yeah. We kick ass. We take names. So the SC also announced the horns down will not be a penalty in the SCSC coordinator football. John McDade said, if you took the act out of the football stadium and did it in the shopping mall or grocery store, would it offend a sense to the majority of the reasonable people in the area?


That signal would not, yeah. You might have some people that share the signal with you. What about the horns down? Are they gonna do the horns down? Is that gonna be, is that a penalty? I think every, everything is good. Okay. I think everything's good. I think all all is fair and love and war. Okay. All is fair and love and war. It's, they make a play horns down. You make you, you, you make a play and you play for Texas. Shit motherfucking horns up. It's simple. That's, that's a part of the, that's a part of the game. It's okay. It's okay. Number 19, Miami bleak ghost. Yeah. Goes to Gainesville and Beach Florida. 41 to 17.


That Was embarrassing. The youth. 500 total yards. 3 85 passing 1 44 rushing. They had 2025. First down University of Florida, they had 261 total yards. They had 122 passing. 139 rushing 17th. They had two turnovers. Time of possession. Almost 10 minutes in favor. Actually it was nine minutes on the head. In favor of the youth. Yeah. Hey, listen, I don't know what's wrong with Florida. I don't know what's wrong with Florida. 'cause at one point there were three, there were three teams that dominated the college football level. Florida State, Miami and FSU.


I'm talking about in the two thousands. Now the f the the, the Miami I saw today, I'm not saying it's the Miami reminiscent of the early two thousands. No, hell No. You know the Ray Lewis is Andre Johnson. The Santana Moss is the, the Roscoe parishes, the Ed Reeds. I'm not saying They that absolutely not. I'm not saying they that, but I like what I saw from today. I like what I saw from the day against not an inferior opponent. This was the Gators. Now this was the Gators. They ain't got no teeth though. Do I like Cam Ward? Cam Ward Man, they ain. They ain't got, they ain't got no teeth though. Ocho. These little baby Gators baby. They got Baby G. These baby Gators. Oh. Oh, they ain't got no teeth. Little baby gators. They teeth ain in. Yes.


Hey, listen, it's, this is good. This is good for, listen, I'm, I'm from Miami. Yeah. I didn't have an opportunity to go to University of Miami. I didn't have the grades to get in there. You know, rightfully so. I would've loved to do it, but I wasn't able to do it. I am a fan of the program. Always have been. Remember back in the days going to the, when Dennis Erickson was the head coach at, I was at the camps. I was at camps every summer and that, that was my relationship to having a love and always wanting to go there. But again, listen, I was a knucklehead in high school coming out. I ain't had the greatest do it. But the u of my saw today against Florida, I like it. It gives those here in Florida, in in Miami. It gives us hope. It gives us, it gives us hope that we can compete And, we can contend maybe not for a national championship, but it lets us know we going in the right motherfucking Direction.


Oh, Joe Cam McCormick scored the hurricane's first touchdown of the year. He's a 26-year-old tight end in his ninth year of eligibility. You heard me correctly. He's in his ninth, ninth year of eligibility between, you Gotta explain that To me. Between the red shirt and multiple serious injuries, McCormick has extended his college career far, far beyond what is norm? I've heard of guys do it five, maybe six normally, because you know, don't show you red shirt. You a fifth year senior sometimes I've seen guys, you know, have a couple of medical red shirts. Okay. Medical issues. And they're six nine.


He went, yeah, he was in the same recruiting class. If as Justin Herbert, Well god damn. Oh, but listen, unfortunate circumstance, injuries. So IIII understand. Will he get a, will he get an opportunity to play at the next level because of the game? Kevin, about To start drawing social security. What day do I play at the next level? Man, he, he might go get a job and start a family 26 ocho. So you don't think so? Ah, I don't know. Ojo. I mean, Hey, just get, get get him a shot. Get him a shot. You know, it's injury history. I think, I think it understanding Ocho he missed 1, 2, 3, basically he missed four years with injuries.


Yeah. You know, they already looking at you sideways. You missed one year with injury oh One. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They looking at You like, right. And they get you in that thing and they start tugging on you and pulling on you and twisting And Yeah, yeah, yeah. All this. Yeah. Four. Yeah, that's, that's a red, that's a red flag. Yeah, it's a red flag. You know how them GMs think, you know, before they invest in you, but you have to think even with the injuries, they can give him a little something just to allow him to live out his dream and give him an opportunity to try and make a team. Good question. Because I know he just, he don't just want to finish, you know what, finish his collegiate career at, I'm sure he wants an opportunity to play at the, at the highest level. And now that injuries apa him, I think he should be afforded that opportunity from someone.


I don't know the injuries that he is had. But the problem is, will a team, medical staff, clearly That's the damn staff. They be hating Boy, man. Because at the end of the day, o that's, That's, they be hating At the end of the day, Ocho, I don't, you ain't trying, you ain't finna get no work comp on me. Right? Right. You ain't, I ain't Finn be taking care of you. Yeah, you Right. That's, that's how, that's how they think. I was very fortunate, Ocho I had no injuries in college. I had a little Achilles tendonitis, but I didn't have any broken bones. I didn't have anything. So them tugging on me and pulling on me then bother. But if you had an acl, didn't you done had dislocated shoulders and things like that, man, this statute on that thing, see how sturdy it is.


Yeah. So I'm like, ah, man, I, hey, I'm sorry for you guys. Boise State Aston Genin Genty exploded in the junior season. OCHO 20 carries 2 67, 6 touchdowns, 56 45 went over Georgia Southern. The six touchdown total is a Boise State single game record and tied the Mountain West Conference mark, he took a counter play 77 yards for a touchdown on his second carry of the year. And in the end and in the end zone, he struck the Heisman polls. What you thinking, listen, I like that you struck the Heisman polls, right? Yes. You struck the Heisman polls. I'm really not impressed with you doing against Georgia Southern.


I want you to do it against all the competition regardless of the level of, regardless of who you plan, do it against everybody. Do it against everybody. I Don't, I don't. Listen, listen, I don't have, listen you, you striking the heising pose against Georgia Southern the first and in week one, hell, shit, you gotta be that boy. You, I need you to show up like that every week. It don't have to be six touchdowns, it doesn't have to be 2067 yards. But if you gonna stunt like that week one against Georgia Southern, I need you to do that next week against better competition, man. About o the after That About Man, damn, I no, I'm, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, I'm just saying, hey, he, he, he struck the Heisman post.


I I need to see Heisman work every week, week in and week out. I I like it though. Aston gente. I like it. You gotta keep that same energy though baby. Keep that same energy. Ocho there's been a lot of discourse this week about if Travis Hunter will be able to play both sides of the ball in the NFL Hey Trav. Yeah. RG three. There's a, a tweet from RG three. Travis Hunter keeps showing that he can, he can and should play both wide receiver and NFL full time man. Seven catches for a buck 32, 3 touchdown wide receiver play 43 snaps on defense making a tackle logging outside the field. He's a unicorn bro. Yeah.


Hey Li hey listen, I, I, I saw CJ Gar, C Nick, CJ Johnson, Gardner Johnson. That's my, that's my little cousin. He say Travis, how Travis Hunter wouldn't be able to do it. He wouldn't be able to play both sides of the ball at the next level. I think what people have to understand is there's a, a huge difference in the game. Collegiate ball, college ball and playing the NFL with them grown ass men. They have kids to feed, they got bills to pay, they got miles to feed it. It, it, it's different. It's different in the margin for area at the next level. It's, it's, it's so much, so much smaller.


The level of competition is so much better. Yeah. Everybody fast. Everybody quit. Oh Man. So I mean it can't, Kenny listen to me. I think based on the way the market is, if I was him, I would wanna be a wide receiver in NFL. Yeah. You make more money. I would wanna be, I would wanna be a mainly a wide receiver in NFL because they're getting 30, 30, 30 5 million a goddamn And the coroner's getting 21. Imagine what's gonna happen. Imagine what's gonna happen after he get drafted in three years from now. What he gonna be making? Hell, it might be goddamn 44 5. Your question five, Is he, is he more talented than time?


No, no. I ain't play both sides of the ball. He played Oh, Arch three talking like this man should be able to play both sides of the ball as many snaps as he like context In college. Yes. Yes. A college Yes in the NFL that it, it is impossible. And the funny thing about Travis, this is what I like about Travis. He can do it at the collegiate Level. Yes. Because he's that much mortality Has an endurance. He yeah, he has an endurance of a long distance runner where he can do that at the NFL. Can you imagine a a 10 or 11 play drive and you think at the 10 11 play drive on defense playing db you gonna go on offense and then be efficient as well.


That that ain't happen. And there's some things that he need to work on level. There's some things he need to on, he gonna have get too high, play too high. But those, those are things that you could work on on show. But hey, they gonna put hands all because he's already tall. He's already tall. So he's right there. And then you going up against Jefferson, you going up against Chase, you going against Tyreek now And then listen, Now o hold on. Now that's what you going up against. So defense, now you gonna, on the other side, you the wide receiver and you got Ja Ramsey, you got digs, you got er, gar, you got John Gardner Sauce.


Man, come on man. Yeah. People just see stuff. A lot of times people just tweet stuff just to get a reaction having played at that level and see Yeah, I play, I'm, I'm a year, I'm a year behind Prime. I'm a year behind time and I saw him when he was playing both sides of the football. Yeah. And he was not playing every snap on. He wasn't playing no 40 snaps on defense and order snaps on offense. But he wouldn't be able to though. No, because something you can't, you can't sacrifice something. You can't. Yeah. You, you can't be efficient and great at what you do and do it on both sides of the ball with as much as it takes out of you at the highest level.


It, it's hard. It's impossible what Travis Hunter can do because he's such a special talent. Yes. Is once he gets there, you got to play receiver because of the market and the money that you can command and warrant because of how good you are. You do both. You can do it Sparely the opposite way. Dion did it. Dion always played DB and Sparingly. He came in the receiver on special passes Mainly mainly 95. He didn't do the same thing. Mainly it was 95. Oh oh because I think somebody got hurt Cowboy. Yeah, with the cowboy. And he played, I mean because if you go back and look at it, he caught a touchdown. Not a touchdown, but he had a big play in the Super Bowl. But if you go back and look at it, he played, he played main, he was always the db.


He was always who he was and who he's, but he got a lot more reps on the de on the offensive side of the football. They ran it with some verses. They reverse and they let him, they threw him the ball because he had that kind of talented, you know, he's talented. The hardest sport to play is baseball. He was a professional baseball player. Let that sink in the hardest sport to play. Yeah. Because if you sh Tony bashed 300, he makes 700 million. So imagine if you caught, if you caught they throw you 10 passes, you caught three of them, Shit. You home, You're home. Just imagine You'll be home. If you supposed to be this great basketball player and you shoot 30 10 shots now 30% ain't even good from the three point line.


You gotta be in the mid thirties to the upper 30 for people to take you serious shooting and hold on bro. You shoot 30%, stop shooting threes. That's why I get, I don't see, I think the thing is because time retired, time retired such a long time ago, people just don't realize how great, how great. I ain't say good. How great he was Great. He was, yeah. He could Have had he not been as great as he was defensively had he just said, you know what, later for the DB stuff, I wanna focus on being a wide receiver. You going into the Hall of Fame as a wide receiver, that's how great he was. Yeah. And I ain't telling what somebody told me. I'm talking about, I watch it with my own eyes. When you see him, you had to see him play.


You had, you need like some things on your like I understand that there's film, there's footage or you see it in the stadium. It's not, but you need to be on the field level to see it. Yeah, You need to be right there. That's the same like to see a Barry Sanders, that's the, or to see Jerry Up close Man time. See that's the same. I tell a lot of people that I know we, I'm, I'm gonna get off topic a little bit. I tell a lot of people that, like we watched the Olympics, we see how fast Noah allows and Tobago and all these young fellas are running. But I think the casual fan doesn't understand how fast they moving until you see it up close Is different. You need go to a track. Me, When I track, when I talk, when I talk about people always watching film on Randy Moss or seeing film on, on God, team Tyreek and they say, oh they were great.


They just, they or Tyreek, they just look at the numbers, forget the numbers. You have to see these motherfuckers up close and how fast and good they were in person though I'm on the field with you playing against you and I'm in awe. Yes, yes. I'm in awe watching. So I don't think people understand. Yes, I understand that greatness in the French product that we see as them being Hall of Famers. But I got to see it from the beginning to the middle, to the end in person, live with my own eyes and I'm like, God damn, I'm, I'm on the, we look, we Think about all the receivers today.


Think about the greats, the Justin Jeffersons, Jamar, chases, Devonte, Adam, can I All the boy can I of Mike and Mike, Edward, whoever you, whoever you want, whoever ever sees Cd, it doesn't matter. Nothing will compare to that era of, to and Moss. It was different. Or even Jerry, it was, it was just different. They're great in their own right today. But them fools back then. Ocho, I, I don't, I don't know how to put into words. I don't even know how to explain it. It's just different. We never going to see nothing like that again. Well, they've added, they've added games and teams don't run the football like they did in the nineties as much.


Right. When you, when you see Chris Carter and you see, you see Jerry and you see Tim Brown and you see these guys with a thousand catchers. Think about how much they ran the ball. When I got to the league in the nineties, everybody said, yeah, bring your pack, your defense and you run game, right? Yes sir. You threw the ball on third down or if you got Yeah, or if you tried to try to get slick and you got stopped behind the line of scrimmage on first down or something, you would throw it. If it was second and long, you would throw it. But more times than not, you ran the ball first and second down, you threw it every once in a while, you'll swing it out there. You try to catch the defense off ball, but more times than not you in the football, that's what, that's what makes Jerry the numbers that Jerry put up.


So depressive 1500 catches and mainly in a running era. Now that's not to diminish the, what other guys have done, but if it, the man got 208 touchdowns, do you know, how do you, do people actually think about it. Jerry had 197 receiving touchdowns. That's crazy. Hundred 97. That's crazy. No, but Randy is second behind him. He's 44 Short One 50. Yeah. So how many to how many, oh, the, how many touchdowns did Jefferson has in three, in three years?


I don't think he has 44. Who has 44 touchdowns over the last three years, the last four years. That's how that's, that's just how great Jerry was. Jerry had a yards receiving that at 40. Yeah. That's crazy. People don't remember, do y'all remember Jared when he was in Oakland and they went to the Super Bowl? Jared had 1200 yards. Hey, we played. Yeah, we played him. We played, we played, we played him, him and Tim was there. Yeah, I think I, I was young. I might have been in my second or third year, something like that. They still had the goddamn baseball, the baseball field. Right. And hold on, I'm trying to think if I'm not mistaken.


I think Chuck Nerrick was the last full-time offensive defensive player that had to be in the sixties, the last full-time. I was also when, when Bo I was in the league when Bo was in the league. When Bo if you go back and look at the film, when Bo ran over the Bronco players, I was on the sideline. That was my rookie year. He ended up getting hurt. About two weeks later, he got dragged down from behind, popped his hip out the socket and was never have his hip replaced. But I saw Bo up close, I saw it with my own two eyes. Had, you know, heard about all the, the, the stories and him catching the ball and running up the side of the wall in the all-star game and then hitting the whole run to see him on the football field and to see how he's built.


And it like how a man run that fast, that size. Yeah. He's supposed be able to run that fast, but ain't nobody playing. The guys is great and this ain't no hate, but ain't nobody in the NFL gonna play both sides full time. It ain't happening. Yeah, That's, that's, that's difficult. That's difficult. You know, the, you know, the type of endurance and shape you would have to be in to be able to do that. Can't do it. The, the, the guys, the athletes are too great. God, the guys that are too great, the guys are too, just too great Ocho Yeah, they're too great. I'm not saying that he can't do it spot duty. Okay. You wanna run a couple of, of raps? Yeah, That's, that's, yeah, that's why I said experience that, you know, you know what I can see him doing, you know what would be dope Red zone?


This would be dope plan receiver. Ah, yeah, plan receiver fulltime. What you wanna do. That has to be what he wants to do because of the market. It only makes sense. And then coming in on nickel on third down and covering the third receiver. Okay. Because you, he is just that good. Yeah. What you think that's A po That's, that's a possibility. I like, I like that. That's a possibility. I like that. But boy, a, he ain't coming. No. I'm trying to think, think about, think about, think, hey, think about Trav, right? Yeah. Think about Travis Hunter. He get drafted next year. I say he going top three. I Can see that. I say he going top three. I can see that. Think about this. Depending on where he goes week one, let's say, just hypothetically speaking, he is playing both sides of his ball full time.


Imagine they playing the goddamn Vikings and you got goddamn Justin Jefferson on the goddamn 11 play draft because you got cover, you got to cover the number one receiver and then you gotta go play on offense and get, and then got to deal with the Vikings best corner. If I'm not mistaken, it might be Byron Murphy. I might might, I might have the name wrong. I I might be, I might be wrong. It's just imagine that. Yeah. And the, the, the amount of, the amount of exhaustion it's going to take, you know what it, you know what it'd take to cover somebody like jj, oh, Joe On a six seven a, the a, a seven place series ucce and then had to turn around and deal with the Vikings best corner Uc receiving who was Is also like that.


You See receivers coming out on seven, eight play drives now. Hey, gimme a break. Hey, tapping a helmet. So What, so what we supposed to do? So you have this long drive, they kick off and you gotta go right out there. What you think, what you think offense if you go, you trot your ass out there on defense. What you think the offense coordinator gonna do when you just had a long drive on the offense and you was out there the whole time? I'm going at you. Mm. That's what I'm gonna Do. Damn. I, I like, I, Hey I, I like the thought of it though. The thought of, the thought of doing it is exciting to me.


The thought of doing it, I just, just understanding what it entails and what it comes with and how much energy Yeah. You have to exert to be able to pull it off. I'm just thinking about playing God receiver and how difficult that is from a standpoint of actually doing it. Especially when I'm going against one of one of dogs. You see week to week in college you gonna see that dog every so often. Yeah. I mean the guy boy You got 17 weeks, you got 17 weeks of that Boy. I mean, think about it, it's, lemme mess your question. Which one of those receivers he face, which one of those dbs you play face you think playing on Sunday? I shit Guess who he gonna be playing on Sundays?


Every one of those guys he face on Sunday in the NFL on both sides of the ball. Yeah. Ball. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I, I like the idea because he gonna get Better. We saw jj, remember JJ had the outstanding season. He come in and caught a couple touchdowns at tight end. Mike Vrabel. Yeah, you played defense used to come in on the goal line, catch a couple of plays. Yeah, we see, I mean we see defensive linemen come in, they block, they play defense, do a block, hell snap called a touchdown. But to do it full time, basically you are asking a guy to go out there and play 80 snaps. 90 snaps. So let's just say there's 65 snaps a game both sides of the ball.


That's 130 snaps. Well we know ain't nobody playing no hundred 30 snaps. So I'm just saying I'm being conservative Ocho and said try to play 80, 90. Do y'all, I don't know the most I've ever played in the game Ocho, I played 94 snaps, 94. Now I was a little older. I wasn't young like Trav, but nine four, I don't know if y'all noticed, but 94 snaps is a lot of damn plays and I'm just playing offense and I ain't running all them plays because you know something I was tight down blocking some of 'em. Blocking. Yeah. Yeah. It takes energy to block but not nearly enough to take you get your ass down the field and as a db Yeah, what you think they're doing. A lot of times them guys just run you off.


They ain't trying to block you, they running you off, make you chase. Right. And then you see somebody break free, you gotta go try to chase 'em down. It's an awful lot. And it sounds good in theory, but I think I agree with you in your assessment fulltime. Yes sir. On one side of the ball. Sparingly on The other evil nickel. Come on. Coming on Third down. Oh, Lock, lock. Go ahead. I like that. No, I'm just, now you got me all excited. Talk about that. I'm just thinking, I'm thinking about all the scenarios and the possibilities where he, where he could do it. That's, that's dope Trav, if you see this black handle your business, I like it.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback Today@purdueglobal.edu.


Tired of routine Walgreens trips. Get rewarded for shopping with drop. With drop. You can earn free gift cards on groceries, gas, and more. Download drop now and use code Drop five five to get $5 in points. Join Drop today.


It's Back to everything season on the Today Show. It always feels so good to get back to It, back to all your people and the things you love to do. It's a new season and you start every morning ready to take it all on hitting High gear a little earlier because there's more of everything to wake up for. It's back to school, back to business, back to the feeling that anything is possible. Watch the Today Show every morning on NBC because every day needs today, back the day.


Make it alright.


It is Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, A hand clap or a high fiver? If you wanna hone in on those winning moves, check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The fall is creeping up on us. But we don't have to give in just yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven. With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer. Feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com


Ocho, we got some really sad news outta San Francisco. 49 ERs rookie. First round draft pick. Ricky Pearsall shot was shot in an attempted robbery. The 49 ERs confirmed that Perol has sustained a bullet wound to the chest with in serious but stable condition here assault and a suspect a 17-year-old who's in custody with charges pending were both injured in a physical altercation that succeeded the attempted robbery. Both were taken to a San Francisco General Hospital. DA office is planning to file charges of juvenile court next week due to the suspect's age. Earlier in the day ol attended an autograph cider at Kyle Palace in nearby Daily City. The this was all alleged over a Rolex.


Nah, listen man. Nah, he ain't no juvenile. Nah, he ain't no juvenile. Nope. Wrong Man. Yeah. Hey you gotta put grown man charges on him. But listen, there's, there's another lesson in this for my, for, for my athletes. For anybody out there that has nice items. Nothing, nothing is worth your life. No, nothing is worth your life. You can buy, you can buy another Rolex, you can buy another chain. If someone's trying to take your car, you can buy another car. Anything. If you were at gunpoint, you give Possess. I don't think they pulled a gun at him on first Ocho because I believe he gave it up. Like you said, I think he tried to either, probably tried to strong arm and got the tussling.


Yeah, see don't do that. You only get one shot. This ain't a video game Ocho. So if somebody, somebody, if somebody ain't, if somebody come up to you and they ain't got no gun, they ain't got no knife and they say Ocho give it up, you taking it off that freely. Yes. I'm not playing you Unc. You don't Why Unc, why, why, why play tough? Why Am I playing tough? Listen, listen to me. If somebody come up to you and say let me get whatever is off of you, you already know they holding you already. You already know they holding. Why even play that game? Yeah man. Hell you can take man, take this shit Go out. I'm say go ahead. I can buy, Get a job, buy. I can't. I can't. Oh this ain't call of duty. I can't revive myself. Go Get a job.


I don't get a second chance at life. Yeah. Mainly Ocho that, like I said, the man's at a a man's, he at a autograph sign at Ojo. So I'm pretty sure it's probably in a, probably in a, a fairly nice area. I mean I've done a few autographs signing and it ain't really no shady places. Yeah but you know it don't matter where you at. It don't matter where you at. He probably Jit, JIT probably knew he was there and waited until after the signing. He Confront him but he thought he thought he could take him. Lemme ask you a question. You think that 17-year-old gonna run up and say, Hey Trent give it up. Yeah, Trent Williams Exactly.


Fucked up. Shit. Stop playing. Oh no. And that's the thing. But I I I get what you're saying Ocho try not to put myself in that situation. You are right. You are absolutely 1000% right. Yeah. I mean I've been in that situation. Hey but I didn't turn around. Yeah, I took his word for it. He said Hey, you already know what it's, Hey bro, my wallet in the car. I ain't got nothing on me. I, I don't want no problem. Hey, hey I ain't no problem. Listen, I ain't got nothing. That's what stopped me from cutting, carrying cash Rod like that Ocho I used to always carry cash and hey, anybody that knew me when I was younger Ocho, if you ever saw Shannon Sharpe with less than 10 bands on him, call the cops.


Somebody just robbed me. Right. Right in the corner. I kept it on me but then I was like man, for what? I'm inviting trouble. Yeah, you right. You know had half and had half the half the people you could understand who really doesn't value they, who doesn't really value their life. I could see the comments, I could see the comments and you could tell who really don't value their life about dumb ass jewelry or chain or shit. That really holds no true value. Just by the comments. Man, folk, folk, folk don't care man.


They, they swear, they listen. You don't get two of these. Nah, you right, you, you, You don't get you, you don't, you don't get two of these. You can't revive yourself. It ain't it ain't you. You Ain't gonna try to talk to him. You ain't gonna try to talk to him about you say young man bro, what you doing bro? You, You can't, you can't play over. Nah hell man take this shit. 'cause you know the funny thing, you take my shit, you gonna be mad anyway when you try to go pawn it to sell it 'cause it ain't real no way. So not, not shit you done, you done, you done lost twice. You Try hey you try to get him on and hey bro, hey yo fella go ahead and take this. I'm trying to get you away from me. Yeah. As quick as I can Man. Go on about your business man. I'm trying to, I'm trying to get home to these goddamn 85 kids. I ain't no wrong with that Ocho. I totally get, I'm trying You're right Ocho, I you ain't right.


You ain't wrong when you Right. And you right you ain't wrong when you Right. Ojo just a little young fella have it and he's been dealing with it. He's been dealing with some injuries. It's been kind of hard for him to get on the field Ocho because he's been nicked a lot and then this happened man. Yeah he probably thinking like, Lord, I mean you done blessed me but I got buckled luck right now because what's going on. If it's like bro, like I said but that 17-year-old, ah nah bro you ain't no juvie. I gotta put real charges on you because you doing real adult crime And think about it, he hit him in the chest. Yes. Right. And God obviously has favor.


Ricky is okay now what happen if he wasn't okay. Yeah, for sure. What happen if he passed? What happen if he had passed away? You know, and I'm thinking like we don't really value life, we don't really value life until we lose somebody close to us. We don't really value life until it happens to us. Right. You right Always. And then everybody favorite line is, oh you messed the city up with this one. Oh but nah, I'm reading the comments. Everybody tough. Oh you a easy lick but it it, you you never value it until it either happened to you. Yeah. Or somebody close to you and then it's a oh damn, you fucked the city up with this one twin.


You Ain't, you ain't, you ain't wrong with me. Right. Ojo. I just, I just talked, I just talked to you the other day And, we so lost. Yeah. I just, everybody try, everybody trying to get that lick though. Ojo, you know everybody Hey everybody trying to hit the lick. Not everybody, but I'm saying Yeah. You know people don't wanna, everybody's gotten above working man. I ain't working on no damn or not McDonald's. That's beneath. I ain't doing this job that's beneath me. So I let me go, let me, let me go take some somebody else to work hard for. Let me go take that upon them. And then when it end, he ain't have to do it like that. He ain't have to shoot him. He have to kill him when you ain't have to take that man's shit.


Yeah. You robbing when you robbing somebody, when you doing bad to some harm to somebody, whatever happens, happens. Ocho that you know, that's OO ocho. Do you know that's us now he ain't to do it like that. Yeah. He had To do it always. It's always our community boy. Always man. Go and get your job. I I'm glad Ocho You know what? I'm glad I've never been too proud to work hard. People try to make me feel bad man. You working in them fields, you getting tall in your 'cause I mean, you know, you get tall on your hands, you got tall in your hair, you out there getting black. I ain't never been too, I've never been too proud to work hard man.


Give me an honest day's salary. I give him an honest day's work. I can honestly say I ain't never took nothing off. Nobody. Okay. I hit my grandma a couple times for 50 cents dollars. But you, I gave, I gave him, yeah, I hit grand. I hit grand up. But I think, I think she forgave her baby. I think I, I think I made, I make, I think I made good on that Ocho but that but that, that's just me and, and the biggest mistake that I've made, a large portion of my my life ocho Yeah. Is that I think everybody thinks like me. Oh, I'm gonna go out there and work harder. I ain't gonna take nobody else ish. I'm gonna go out here and do the right thing. I ain't gonna do that.


People look and thinking just the Opposite. You know what, you know What? Just The opposite, you know, times are different now. It's time different now. You know, everybody want that fast life. Everybody Want that. That everybody want their Instagram lifestyle. You know, it's, it's only, it is only it, it really ain't too many jobs that can provide that, that lifestyle you see on Instagrams all the time. But Ain't A whole lot of, it's only one way. It's, it's only a, it's only one way to get that. You know what I mean? If you, if you ain't on that goddamn field of that basketball court, hell, it's only one other route. Unless you a rap I be your rapper or So that type of lifestyle and Luxury entertainment or something, you doing something because ain't nobody that's working that's worth money posting that money like that. No, no, no.


Because I you post too much. They gonna come get it now. They gonna come see what you buy. Oh, they, oh They come. Oh, oh. They coming to get oh shit. Who you tell Did come see what you about shit. Who you tell her, listen, I might listen sometimes if you doing it and you gotta get it how you live to provide, to provide. Eh, sometimes you got, you gotta get it how you live. I, I understand that. I come from those circumstances at one point too. I get it. It's unfortunate. The Volume


plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ionic five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every Journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 IAC five se SEL limited rear wheel drive and 360 1 mile driving range for 2024 ix six se long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Meyers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Meyer's collection of household products is inspired by the garden. Each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.


The fall season, we don't have to let it happen yet because Summer doesn't stop in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You can still get out and enjoy 60 miles of beaches. Eat in the South's newest foodie haven, With over 2000 restaurants and have endless fun at hundreds of attractions. Hold on to that sweet summer, feeling a little longer at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Plan your trip@visitmyrtlebeach.com. That's visit myrtle beach.com.


Vitamin Water was born in New York City because New Yorkers needed a drink that can do it all. 'cause we can do it all like walk 30 blocks and under an hour. Follow four of the city's sports teams at once and spend all day in the Chinatown arcade. Drink Vitamin Water. It's from New York.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And, if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start first. Abercrombie's Deni quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their lose jeans. It fits me just the way I want it to make sure to hit up Abercrombie's essential collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.