
If, you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus. you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City, branch member FDIC terms and more at apple card.com.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black, and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide, and I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


S Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play. you turn on that switch. no one can stop you for more, check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video. This Thursday, the Minnesota Vikings head west to take on the Los Angeles Rams. Join Al Michaels Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaley Hartung for this Hollywood Showdown. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Los Angeles, not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply. sign up for a 30 day free trial and You can cancel at any time. It's the Vikings and Rams at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the UA four Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports. And sign up today,


The Volume


TD Tudy, taking it to the House. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking, Sportsbook and official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app, use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap and watching the Bronco, the mighty Bronco country. Take down the New Orleans Saints. Who that Relax, relax, win that. Gonna get another win. Don't do that. Don't do Ocho. All I know is I record better than the Bengals. Let's re let's relax. If you haven't won four games, if your team hasn't won four games this season, I don't wanna hear you say foot or ball. Okay, Everybody else carry on. I'm your favorite Shout Shark. He's your favorite. Number 85. You know who he is. Liberty City's own the bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


Just call him Ocho Guys, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from and remember every subscriber matter. And we thank you because all the awards that we've won, that's in the background and Chad doesn't have his up, is all because of you the love. The attention that we starting to garner is because of you, because of your eyeballs, because of your ears, because of your retweets and tweets and, and shares and mentions. Everything that you see, Nightcap and Club Shehe is all because of you and we greatly, greatly appreciate your support. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Portier.


Our goal is to be in 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or sitting near you, we have it in stock. The return, the the downtime is minimal because it's in stock. We can get it to you in a matter of days. So thank you for your support. Again, please make sure you go follow my media company page on all platforms that Shehe Media and my clothing company, which is 84 84 being spelled out, the UNC and OCHO teas are back in stock. I repeat UNC and OCHO teas are back in stock and people have began re receiving their orders and have them posting them. So thank you guys. Hopefully you'd love the merch. It's of great quality and it's what you ask for.


So thank you guys again for your support. All your, all your support for the Nightcap, situ Nightcap and so forth and, and Club Shehe. Sean Peyton won in his return to New Orleans and it blow out and blow out fashion Ocho the Broncos blew out the injury Depleted Saints 33 10 on Thursday night football. Bo Nicks, hold on, let me get the box score. Bo Nicks played really, really well tonight. He was 16 of twenty six, a hundred sixty four yards, A clean game offensive line. Did a great job of protecting the mocho. No sax, no turnovers. They ran the ball 35 times for 225 yards. Javonte Williams had 14 rushes, 88 yards and two touchdowns as they completely take apart the New Orleans Saints.


I mentioned they are injury depleted. Sprint, sir Rattler was 23 or 35, 1 72. No touchdowns nor deception, but he was sacked and hara. He was sacked six times, but he was harassed all night long. Ocho Yeah, I mean, I'm trying to figure out how it got, so you know what? The Saints have been bad. Wait, what happened was, listen, lemme say this, we watched them take apart the Dallas Cowboys, okay? And so we overestimated how good they were, right? But when you look at what has transpired, they won their first two games and haven't really come close with the exception of Atlanta. Right. Winning a game since Ocho.


Yeah. And I don't know, with the injuries starting to pile up, I don't know if and when it's gonna get better. Listen, I don't think it's gonna get any better. Any better anytime soon. Listen, there's too many injuries. Your, your best two receivers are out. Derek Carr is out the first two games of the season. You put up 45 points in both of those games. You go on on five since then, then it's not gonna get any better anytime soon. I feel That Marcus Latimore left his game. Ocho Latimore left his game with Ing injury also Hams, He, he missed week two, right? He missed week two because of his hamstring injury. Now he's reinjured it. So some of, some of the key quality players that you do need to even compete at the highest level.


Highest because I know, I know they always say it's next man up, but they're, they're the next man for a reason. Next, next man for a reason. The Saints have only, you only Got so many million. Yeah. You, you got, you got that right. The, the Saints have only put up 15 points the past five games after scoring 45 in the first two. And that's simply due to obviously you said it. And I think that's, I'm not saying the Broncos won because of the Saints injuries, but it played a big part. The Saints are not at full strength. Therefore, listen, the Scoreline looked the way it did. Bo Nicks Bo Nicks is good. That goddamn Javonte Williams. Well, he can tote that Peel boy, he Can, He can tote that pill.


I would like to see if the, the Broncos are playing a better team. I would like to see them get the pass the game going a little bit more Court of Sutton. They gotta get him involved. Yeah, they gotta, they I agree. They gotta get him involved. He's making, he's making too much money to be out there getting cardio in. He's making too much out there, getting cardio in. That's all it was. I for He didn't have a catch. Yeah, yeah. That, that, that, that, that shouldn't happen. That shouldn't happen. I'm sure he is frustrated. I know they won the game, but one of the things they do, they use it against you if you don't have the production and you make a lot of money like he's doing, they, they use that against you in the, in the off season. But other than that, the Broncos look good.


I mean, wait, they got a tough game next, don't they, UNC, right? Who the Broncos play next? Ash? I'm not sure Ocho, I Could have Swo. I I think, if I'm not mistaken, I think they, they got a tough one coming up. They got No, they got the Panthers. Oh. Sh well listen, that's another win. That's another win. You know, I like, I like Bo Knicks too. I like Bo Nicks Bo Nicks got Moxie. I don't even know what Moxie mean. I just heard Mel Kiper use it during the goddamn draft. He, he real, he real feisty. Like remember how Baker Mayfield was in Oklahoma? Yeah. For some reason. I don't know why Bo Nick just gives me that, he just gives me that, that, that, that fire firecracker type like a firecracker.


I, I, I don't know. I don't know how to explain it. I don't know how to put it in the right words, but I, I like Bo Nicks. I, I like him. I like him. Yeah, he's got a, he's got some athleticism. He run need to work on his accuracy. Yeah. But he's, he's, he's, he, you can do a lot of things with him. Mocho, they got the, they got the, the Panthers next and then they got Ravens and Chiefs. Okay. That's, that's, that's the two. Yeah. They prob they probably gonna win this one. And that momentum. That momentum hopefully, you know, they have a great defense. I'm, I'm assuming maybe Pat C be back by then and now the concussion protocol. But listen, if they can win Nexts next one against the Panther, but they probably will.


I'm curious to see how Bo Nicks plays against, now we talk about two defenses that are much better. Yeah. That are much better. And you're gonna, and Offense is also much better. Yeah. Huh. Yeah. I said and offenses that are much better. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, most definitely. Most definitely. So we're gonna see if you, if you, if you plan from ahead or if you have to play from behind, either way it goes, it's gonna be, it's gonna be a good one and it's gonna be a good test for both too. It's gonna be a real good test for both. Yeah. I mean considering how poorly they played Sunday against the Chargers. Yeah. They didn't play particularly well considering they had won three straight and they were playing really, they were playing really well. So I was surprised that they didn't play as well as I thought they would on Sunday against the Chargers.


Right. And the Chargers have been struggling. That is a division game. So, you know, you kind of toss a lot out the window when you play a division opponent because you're very familiar, even though they have a new coaching staff that's still, that's still somewhat in your division. Right. A lot of the key players are still there. Especially offense when we talk about Justin Herbert and a couple of the big, a couple of the receivers, although Keenan Allen is gone, Mike Williams is gone. They still have some guys that played heavy, had played a lot of, a lot of snaps last year for him, especially at the skilled position, offensive line is pretty much intact. Yeah. They signed alt, they drafted alt. I don't know if he's playing, I think he got Dean, but defensively they still got some players. They got some players over there on the defense side of football.


That's what's most surprising when you talk about the charges is that they're not better considering the defensive talent that they have on that side of the football. Right. But the Broncos go on the road on a very short week. It's never easy playing on the road. But when you cut the days down by three, so instead of playing on a Sunday afternoon right, you playing on a Thursday night and you just played Sunday afternoon. Right. Ain't a whole lot of time ojo. Yeah. It ain't a whole lot. Ain't a whole lot of on field practice. It's a lot of film study. It's a lot of walkthrough. Walkthrough. Hey. A lot of basic stuff. Hey, let's try to get, let's try to put this thing together and get, get outta here with minimal injuries because you know you sore unless you're like in your first or second year.


Right. Anybody that's five or five years or beyond, oh, you hurting. Yeah. You feeling it? Oh, you hurting. Oh, you feeling it? You are definitely feeling it. Absolutely. But the Broncos go to four and three. The Saints who started out two and oh drops to two and five Ocho. Now it's time. We jump right into it real quick. All Ocho after being acquired by the new, I mean we like it, but damn, let's not get, let's not get carried away after being acquired by from by the New York Jets, from the Las Vegas Raiders earlier this week.


Devonte Adams is eyeing a long-term partnership with the new team. When asked if he like a multi-year relationship with the jet. I hope so. That's the plan. I never go somewhere in hopes of having to find a new home while Rogers have been in, has been affected throwing the ball to Gary Wilson, Alice Azar over the last couple of games. Hmm. The outside spots, which has been a huge problem. Rogers and Mike Williams has not been on the same page in 2024, the Jets offensive suffered. They average 304 yards per game. 18.8 points per little less than 19 points a game. Both ranked 22nd ocho. Are you expecting old magic from Rogers and Adams? God damn right.


I'm expecting the old magic because there, there's something you can't teach. There's something you can teach that Aaron Rogers and Devonte Adams have, that's almost seven to eight years worth of work. 76 something tv I think maybe 67. So TV maybe 76 TVs, 8,000 yards together. 117 games together. And the chemistry that they have a look, I can look at you and I know where you're gonna be at. I know everything you gonna do. Aaron Rogers can be blindfolded and whatever the route is, he can throw it to a spot and know Devante Adams is gonna be there every time he's familiar with the system that they running. So all he is doing is just, is just, he going to a new team, he's with the Jets and you just plug him in and you just go, I mean, I know it, it sounds simple the way I'm saying, but when you have a quarterback that you've played with for so long and you still as a receiver are very adequate at doing what you do as far as getting open and running routes, he's, he's still one of the best, despite the lack of production because the inconsistent play at quarterback, there's nothing wrong with him.


I guarantee you they both pick up where they left off at. I think the thing is OCHO is that they're very, very familiar with each other. Yes, sir. It always helps. Yeah. Knows the system. This is the system that he ran in Green Bay. Same thing. Yes sir. And the plays familiar. Roger's voice in his ear is familiar. So I Yeah, I think they should pick up where they, where they kinda left off what, yeah. Three years ago. Yeah. I'm excited at, at least I hope som excited for his sake. Because you know, look, band started to say Devonte wasn't the same receiver last year. She She not factoring in not factoring in. Right, right. That he lost Derek Carr a O'Connell and whomever the other quarterbacks were.


That's not Derrick. That's not Derrick Carr. Right. And so no matter what you think Yeah. Derrick Carr's not, he's not Joe Burrow. He's not Patrick Mahome. Right, right. He's not one of these top black quarterbacks, but he's better than Aden O'Connell. Right, Right, right, right. And his first year with Devonte, Devonte had 1500 yards and was his first team all pro. Exactly. There's something to be said for that. Hmm. And there's, there's one thing that, that I hate that, that, that pundits do. The analysts, those that should know the game, and they always talk about certain players losing a step or they don't have it anymore. When you don't factor in that, for one, the inconsistent player quarterback affects that.


The opportunity is that you normally get, when they're putting up those, those numbers, those good numbers, there's a reason why you're not doing so. And they never factored it in. The first thing they say is, oh, the player's losing a step when you know that's not the case, instead of saying exactly what it is. Well, I'm, I'm glad you brought it up because we know there's nothing wrong with him. Yeah. Now you'll know when a player loses a step by watching him. I'm curious to see how teams are going to play the, just now they play the Steelers. So it's gonna be a very, very interesting matchup. Joey Porter Jr. Is he gonna take Garrett Wilson or they're gonna put the number one on, on on Devonte Adams. So I'm not sure that's gonna play out. So for his first game back with Aaron Rogers, this is a good game, a good test for them because they're playing a very good defense in the Steeler.


So I'm excited. I'm excited. I think, I think they're gonna pick up right where they left off at. And there, there's a, there's a certain chemistry when you play with somebody so long that you just can't replicate. And I know IIII just know they're gonna take some of the things they did in Green Bay, add it to that, add it to that offense and they gonna, they just gonna go to work. Yeah. But let, let's, let's be real though. But Aaron Rogers hadn't played well this year, or Joe. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I mean, let, let's not, I mean, I understand what he was in Green Bay. Right. But we haven't seen that yet with the Jets. And it's gonna be very interesting to see if he can get back. Now, do we, do I expect him to be what he was in those MVP seasons?


I don't know Joe. I don't, no, I mean, he's, he's, no, I mean he's coming off an Achilles and he's 40 years old. Yeah. But also when you have a weapon, when you have a weapon like that, you can count on every goddamn time. If you look, if you've been watching the just games, I've been watching the just games, like remember you got, you got a young bull like, like 17. Man, I can actually get open like that. I really think even post pre Achilles injury. Yeah. He was always counting them boys to be open. Yeah. But he had a, he had, That's the reason he was able to win that MVP because he was able to, he was able to get the ball to them. He was able to facilitate and they were always open. He knew where everybody was gonna be. They were always in the right spot.


There would be no mistakes. Like you saw the other night where he threw the ball to Mike Williams and Mike, we was wasn't on the red line. I don't like that. Which part? Okay, you gotta eat that one. Oh, the quarterback. You Gotta eat that one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Exactly. What you say is there's a little miscommunication. Yeah. You don't, now we get behind closed doors, it like, Hey, you know, I'm expecting you to be XY right here. Right, right. Yeah. He released the side, but he never got back out. If, if they, if they plan to, and you got, and you got the go ball, if you gonna release outside, get back out there to the red line so the quarterback got somewhere to go with it. I mean, how many times you think during the course of a game a receiver runs the wrong route? The quarterback has the wrong read and we don't know about it.


Right. Because they don't discuss it. Right. Right. And then once we get behind closed doors, yeah. That's what we do. That's why I'm sure it happens. I'm Sure it happens. That's why cars was like, Hey Ocho, don't show me up. I never forget John was the same. John was the same way. Troy was the same way. Right. Big Manny, you heard Peyton Manny say, quarterbacks are, Hey, you understand? Right. Hey, they control, they they control, they they control the food on the table. Yeah, Most Definitely. They'll control Whether. you get to eat a lot or a little. Now how much you wanna eat. Yeah. Now you Oh, I'm okay. You better be careful. You Better be careful. Matter of fact, you Absolutely better be careful. I'm, I'm, I'm glad you just said that.


I don't think this was, let me tell you how, how I want chat chat those of you to, to look at, look at my stats when you get the chance. Look at my stats. I don't remember what year this was, but I was kind of disgruntled. I was kind of disgruntled. And I don't think I asked for a trade. It might have been Drew and just, I kind of got sick of the media blaming me for the reason we were losing. So they were putting everything on me because obviously I was the one doing all, having all the fun and whatever. So they started to turn on me a little bit, our own media in Cincinnati. And I said, you know what? Well, hey, I wanna trade. I want out. Something like that. And I remember the, the red, excuse me, the commanders at that time and Dan Snyder, they offered the Bengals a one for one. And Mike Brown said, no.


Mike Brown said No, we're not gonna set a precedent that a player can come in and say, okay, he's not happy. And say, oh, you know what I want, I want, I want out. Nah, it ain't happening. So they turned that down. Right. I'm just coming off a really good season, despite me being disgruntled. I don't know what they did offensively or how they weren't able to get me the ball that particular year. All of a sudden, punk, I had about 500 yards In Cincinnati The whole season. I, I swear to God. Was that your last year? Was that the last year when you went T Oh, no, no, no, no, no. It was like I was coming off maybe a 1,213 yard season. And then, you know, I was getting, the media was on my ass about us losing unc.


There was nothing. I was healthy. I was completely healthy. I sw for God, if you look at my stats, you look at it, it's thousand thousand, thousand thousand thousand thousand. And all of a sudden it's a 500 yard season. I don't know if they found a way, like, like to work me out the offense, unc I really had 500 yards the whole season. And then the next season I'm right back to 1200. Right. Like, it, like in a, in a sense it was like, damn, are they that powerful? Where, you know what? Oh, you wanna play with us? Okay, we gonna play with you the whole season. And I was scared to say anything. 'cause I already called Ruckus and, and made noise in the off season. Yeah. So I'm definitely not gonna do it in season. 'cause I'm always, I'm already on thin ice in a sense.


And I'm like, well damn, they not even, I'm like, I'm not even part of the offense. That's what it felt like. And I was still, I was still that point. I ain't know what the hell wa I, I ain't know what the hell was going on. So I'm, I just had to throw that story out there ba based on what you were just talking about. Well, Here's the, the, the problem that they have is that can they protect Now you see Buffalo had relentless pressures on Rogers. Oh yeah. What do you think, what do you think the Steelers are gonna be able to with TJ Watt? TJ will. Yeah. The Hebrew, They be, they, What they gonna do? They, They better chip get gotta have a game plan because is the brother Tyron Smith on the left side. Woo. Hey listen, no disrespect, no disrespect to him, but I obviously, I don't think he's gonna have to go against TJ Walker.


TJ WT is most of the time he's on, on the left side. So he'd be dealing with the right tackle. But that young bull, that young bull, I don't know who it was he was struggling with, but he looked like his, his feet and seamen out there. And Vanessa, Hey man, listen, he's not, it's why he's not what he once was when you were with the Cowboys, maybe the Andrew, I'm not sure what it is.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I Read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We Have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use race to divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message paid For by Harris for president.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC


Cybersecurity awareness month is in full swing. And LifeLock is here to spotlight the threat of phishing. Those sneaky scams designed to trick you into revealing your personal information. While staying alert is important, true protection goes beyond just awareness. That's where LifeLock steps in with comprehensive protection. LifeLock doesn't just warn you about suspicious activity. LifeLock monitors your personal info and resolves identity theft issues if they arise. Take control of your security. Start your 30 day free trial@lifelock.com. Use promo code news terms, apply


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and e ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 99 per month for three months. Then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Hey, What's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs. abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year and if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start first. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their lose jeans. It fits me just the way I want it to make sure to hit up Abercrombie's essential collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


I mean, I think that Jeff was expecting to get a, to get the old Tyran Smith. Right. And they just got an old Tyran Smith because he doesn't move. He doesn't move, he doesn't hit his feet. The kick, the slide, the punch. Listen, the hands have gotten lazy. He can and it's hard. He Can kick. He can kick, but the footwork ain't what it once was. He don't cover as much grind with the kick. Right. And he's gotten la he's gotten really lazy with his hands. And you see a lot of guys just wax on, wax off and they gone. Right. They buying and, and they never used to be Tyra Smith with that move. No, no. Never. And he was so, Hey Unc, he was so strong at the point of attack.


Once he put the hand Yeah. And gets you in your chest, boy you ain't going nowhere. Yep. Yeah. You know, I be, I be watching, I be walking, I be watching offensive tackle of play now. I know. Yeah. But it's, if you, you know, he, he, he done got real lazy with his hands and you can't be lazy at that position. Them guys are too good. And Listen, your hands, your hands and your feet gotta be in unison. Well they tied together. Yeah. Gotta be in unison. It's like art. So we'll see how this, we guess what we get an opportunity to see how it plays out on Sunday. So we don't, we don't have to wait long. We'll see on Sunday. Amari too, also Amari Cooper was also traded the same day he was traded to the Buffalo Bills.


Nobody in NFL is getting bigger, bigger glow up than Amari. He leaves, he left the Cleveland situation. Yep. And his quarterback's one of the worst. We just gonna call it, like we said here at Nightcap, he's, Hey, he left one of the worst Situations is, is he one of the worst, is he 32 in every category statistically as a quarterback? I'm just curious. Yeah, Well he put it like this. I don't know if he's in the twenties any, in anything. Right. Okay. Well I ain't said he 32, but he 30 or below. It's bad, huh? Yeah. And some of the stuff he might be 35, 36 because they got some backups that filled in that's high than heels Ocho, to be honest with you now. Damn. He has the worst QBR. Yeah. Worst completion facility. One of the worst completion Vic too.


Right. Damn. Khal. Shakira Keon Coleman have been incredible for Buffalo, but Curtis Samuel signing hasn't really worked out. Right. Samuel is really a slot receiver. Right. I think they're playing him out a position he needs to be in the slot. Yeah. You, you Coleman Coleman's gonna have to do a better job of separating right now. Yeah. Ocho 'cause he right now he's not sudden enough. You gotta be sudden to be outside. Yeah. They don't play out there. But You know what, even if he's not sudden, which that might not be a part of his DNA, you got to be able to learn how to use your body.


Yeah. Learn how to put yourself in positions, having a lot of contested catches. Listen, Larry Fitzgerald wasn't sudden. He wasn't sudden at all. But he caught every goddamn thing. Yes. And he was able to put his body in position Yes. To make any and every catch no matter what. And he ain't dropped shit. Nothing. That was the thing. He had tremendous hands. Tremendous. I mean once He learn, once he learns that here he, he, he gonna be all right. I mean it is rookie year. What his, What what Happened as fi started to get old man fi fi fifth aint wasn't in the gym, FIS wasn't training. Right. Right. Like a lot of what we see these guys train now. Yes sir. And so fi probably could have squeezed out another year had he been a workout warrior.


Right. But he got the buy with, like you said, he was a big body guy. He had tremendous body control. He had exceptional, not good. Not great. He had exceptional hands. Yes sir. If that ball was in his vicinity, it's his, he came down with it. Contested or not, Didn't matter. It did not matter. And so I liked this trade for, for, for the, for the bills. And Josh Allen, he feels a, he steps in immediately. He's the number one receiver. He's been on the big stage before. Yeah. You know, he came from a big time program at Alabama. Had had success. He had, you know, he had, he put up big enough.


People don't realize it. They're like, oh, he traded him. Gruden traded him. But if you look at the numbers, look at his numbers. He was the Pro Bowl player at, at the Raiders. Oh yeah. He went to the Pro Bowl with the Cowboys. Oh yeah. He went to the Pro Bowl with the lock with the the the Browns. Yeah. The people, people in the chat. I need y'all to understand, I need you to understand, remember where Mark Cooper's from? Huh? That's a Dane County legend. He's a route running. Extraordinary as well. Again. Yeah. Giving Josh Allen another target where he doesn't have to be Superman. Put him in position, tell him to, to get open and he's gonna get open every single time. Yes. Ain't nothing wrong with him. I know people probably looking at him based on the numbers that he's put up at Cleveland and saying, well, hell, he ain't got it no more.


Shit ain't the, the devil is a lie. The devil is a lie. And if you sleep, he had run right by your ass too. Oh yeah. He, he's sneaky. Alright. Why He's sneaky. Okay. Do you like to move ocho them giving up a third round pick for Amari? Oh yeah. Most definitely. Most Definitely. 'cause basically, lemme finish this. Okay. Basically he's, he's, he, he's on the last year of his contract. Yeah. So this could be a rental situation, but if the bills are going to go where they think Right. It'll be worth it. Oh Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. It's, it is definitely worth it. Listen to some of the, some of the pundits again today. Some of the analysts saying now that they have gotten am Amari Cooper talking about how far the, the bills can probably go due to his edition.


When you think about, think about Amari Cooper, I think about, well hell, we, y'all just have Stefan Diggs as well for the past four years. For the past four years now. I mean, two different types of receivers, but still very, very good in a, a statistical standpoint. And both be open, you know, so, I mean, hell, I think it all comes down to Josh Allen and him being consistent and not turning the ball over in those important games. In those moments, in the, those moments where it counts. Has he grown to not make those mistakes in Pivotal games where it counts like the a FC championship? Yeah. Or in the, in the, in the division round of the playoffs. But you to understand, oh, Joe, he's gone what, three, four games and hadn't turned the ball over.


Yeah. Yeah. Look, That's a for him. Yeah. Magnificent. And if he can, and if he can continue that. But that just goes to show you, you know, Jerry Jones talking about he's a damn good gm now he traded Amari, he traded a first rounder to get Amari. He traded to Cleveland for a fifth rounder. Right. Cleveland traded the buffalo for a third round. Third Round. Yeah. He don't know what he Well, I'm not gonna say he don't know what he going, Hey, hey Jerry, you selling your money bro? You selling fifties for tens? You gave up a first to get him. Yeah. You traded him for a fifth. Three years later a team gave up a third to get him. Now what am I missing to this? You gave up a first, you got a fifth of return.


The team that you traded him to for the fifth got a third. And you wonder why somebody asked you asking me questions. I'm gonna get somebody here to ask me some better questions. Yeah. Hey, what radio station is that? One? Oh, 5.3 I think. Yeah. They, they need to hire me. I come in there. Let me ask Jerry the questions. And that's the, and and, and all these people talking about Jerry doesn't have the authority, if I'm not mistaken. That's the flagship short. The, that's the flagship station of the cowboy. Correct. So guess what? There's another station. Jerry says, you know what guys, if y'all don't get rid of him, I'm gonna take this, I'm gonna take this, I'm gonna take the Cowboys and another station gonna be the flagship station.


Hmm. You see how that works? Yeah. So all y'all talking about Jerry don't have the authority. Y'all don't know how this business works. There's a lot of behind the scenes that guys on their personalities might have said something. Right? And them owners catch wind of it and all of a sudden you don't see them on the network no more. So don't play, y'all know Jerry has that kind of authority. Yeah. Jerry tried, Jerry tried to take down Roger Goodell. If that man would try to take down Roger Goodell, you don't think he can take a damn a damn radio personality. You remember that? Damn right. I remember. Oh man, Jerry. Yeah, I remember it. Jerry. Funny man.


But doesn't let y'all see a lot of people. I ain't one. See a lot of people get fooled by, you know, Jerry, you know Jerry's made a lot of black men millionaires. Those men could do something for Jerry. Don't let Jerry fool you because he don't fool Shannon. He showed you who he was. Yeah. Jerry showed you, he showed you a lot who he was in 2016. Oh Yeah. He showed you. But y'all didn't wanna listen to it. Y'all didn't want y'all, y'all didn't believe. Y'all didn't believe what you saw. Y'all didn't believe what you heard. Yeah. Now all of a sudden, some of y'all shot, man, I can't believe Jerry was saying. Okay, Neil. Neil. Neil. Where? Neil? Who? Neil on what?


Okay. You'll be on the line. Your head will be over your heart. Yeah. Okay. Play if you want to, Like I said, you can't fool me. Nah. I mean it's clear as day When you get upset and what you say and how you treat people. Yeah. That's how y'all Says everything. Everything. Say everything. So hopefully Mario, they build a relationship builder. Get on the same page real, real quick. But we gonna talk about Jerry A. Little later. We ain't done with his ass yet. I know I'm not. That's the best part about this, this, this ojo.


This us. Oh yeah. This us. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Ta We might not get, no, we might not be able to get no comp FL ticket, but hell, I buy my own ticket. Yep. Yeah. Now don't you say too much. Hey, hey, you lemme handle this. Okay? Yeah. Okay.


It's time for Money Moves presented by draftings. Since the two big trades, the odds in the a c are now as follow. The chiefs are plus 200, right? The Ravens are plus 300. The Texans are plus five 50. The bills are plus five 50. Even with the addition of Devonte Adams, the New York Jets and the Cincinnati Bengals have the exact same odds. Plus 1500.


You know what's, you know what's funny? You know what's funny? Even with those odds, I mean, if you are a true football fan and you understand the game of football, despite the Bengals being what they are right now, two and four, if I'm not mistaken, you know, we're making the playoffs. If there's a team that can dig themselves out the hole that they put themselves in, you know, the Bengals can do it offensively. The firepower, the weaponry that Joe Burrow has at his helm, you know, they can do it. The one thing, the problem This week, they have the Browns coming up this week, right? Yes. That's, that's another win. I'm not sure, I'm not sure we could play after that.


I think it might be a buy. I might be wrong. I'm not sure it is. But we gonna dig ourself out. So when playoff time comes, best believe we will be there. And it won't be no goddamn wild card. The problem that you're running into is that your defense is as weak as your offense is as potent. Yeah. So now what? So you mess around and kick a field goal, or you don't get any points. Guess what happens to the other team? They go down the field and score. Right? So now, hey, we gonna work on that? Okay. Okay. Listen, if we at the bottom of the league, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not mistaken, we might be 26, 27 if we can just find a way to hit, hit the rhythm, get some momentum, and be maybe around 18, 17 16, somewhere around there.


Yeah. And when you need it most, make the stop on third downs that we need in important games in big moments. We gonna be all right. We all right. That's all that matters. Can you get done what you need to get done when you absolutely have to. I don't care about what you rank, right? When you need a stop or you need, if you need to stop, can you get off the field? Right? If you need a first down, right, can you stay on the field? Right? That's all that matters. Yeah. It's nice to be number one in the offense or number one in defense. Number one in takeaways. What good is number one in takeaways? When you need a takeaway, you can't get it. You can't Get it. Well you know what I said? Basically, I wish we were a little higher somewhere in the middle of the pack when it comes to us being ranked defensively.


Yeah. But if we're in the middle of the pack, that means we're a little bit more consistent in making the stops that we need as opposed to being at the bottom. Which means the percentage in the chance of us making the stop ain't motherfucking likely. Ain't like, well normally when you give, normally when you give up a ton of yards, that means you're pretty lousy on third down. 'cause that means teams are staying on the field and they'll continue to move, move the ball down the field on you. Yeah. So they're getting, you know, 30, 40, 25, 30, 40 yards a drive because they're staying on the field on third down. Now you could just give up big plays, but the likelihood of a defense just giving up big play after big play. No, not very likely. Right? It's the, it's the ability to get off the, because third down, everybody was trying to get the third down.


Well, don't let 'em score on first. Don't let 'em score on third on second down. Let's just get the third down. Well, if you get the third down and you can't get off the field field, you remember Alabama, Alabama played Vanderbilt, right? And, and Vanderbilt was like 12 or 18 on third down on third Down. Yeah. First of all, you get the 18 third down, boy you getting, you getting it handed to you and then they pick up 12 of those. So that's the thing. Clearly the odds makers Ocho feel that Cooper is a bigger addition to Bills than Adams is to the Jets. I, If she's one Ravens, two Texans and Bills tied for the third best odds, right?


And then you have the Bengal and the jets tied for the fourth best odds, You know, The Bengal and the Jets, right? You Know what, Fifth best Fifth. Fifth, right? You know what? Based on, based on those odds, I think, I think the odds makers are looking at how the bills are playing before ma got there, they looking at how Josh all was playing, not having, you know, superstar weapons at his disposal and they were still doing okay, they were still doing well. So with his addition, I mean it just, I mean obviously it just takes everything up a little, a little bit more. I could be wrong. I don't know how they, I don't know how they make these things, but again, it's just, it's an educated guess because you never know how things are gonna turn out.


Well it's amazing how close they be though, don't they? To the point the the Wines, Hey, that's crazy, huh? That's crazy. And they, it is, it is. Stuff like that where people think the the game is real. They do. They they think it is. But it's impossible to get 53 people on the same page. I know that it's impossible to orchestrate 53 people or 11 on one side of the ball and the other 11 to follow a god damn script. That's why I understand why people say that sometimes. Do you know how difficult that would be, man, please President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use race to divide.


And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel, Maddow And. our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC


Cybersecurity awareness month is in full swing and LifeLock is here to spotlight the threat of phishing. Those sneaky scams designed to trick you into revealing your personal information. While staying alert is important, true protection goes beyond just awareness. That's where LifeLock steps in with comprehensive protection. LifeLock doesn't just warn you about suspicious activity. LifeLock monitors your personal info and resolves identity theft issues if they arise. Take control of your security. Start your 30 day free trial@lifelock.com. Use promo code news terms, apply


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Hey, What's up guys? This's Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns Abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start first. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jean and it fits me just the way I want it to Make sure to hit up abercrombie's essential collections for tees and their bestselling popover hoodie. I love rocking that on game day or really any day shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


Ocho we played the game. You tell the first person, you tell them something in the ear. Yeah. And by the time you get all the way to the back, that ain't what he gonna say. Nope. One little thing. So how you gonna get fit? Maybe once upon a time Ocho. It's too much money involved. Yeah. You talking about a guy that's making 60 million, you really to tell me he willing to risk his 60 million and be banned for the league to do what? Not a chance in hell, But I but ocho, when people believe something ain't nothing you can do. Right. I think, you know, I think they'd be playing, maybe they'd be playing sometime. No, they'd be dead serious.


You think so? Yeah. What? Your people are gullible. Why you, why you think, like you said, look at the internet. People believe that that's, that those are those people live, that they really be flying pirate jets and they have them big homes and they have all these cars and all that stuff. Right. You see how the internet do that? Yes sir. And how somebody can say something on the internet and that is totally not true. Right. But then it gets retweeted, it gets shared and then it gets, man that's all these hopes such and such died. People are gullible. Ocho people are naive. Yeah. But like I said, I, it ain't never happened to me.


I, I can just go by what I know in the games I've been on. I ain't never been nobody, you know, trying to throw the game with no foolishness like that. There was a script. There ain't no script. Right, right. And them guys, all that work we done put in. Yeah. All the times we done denied our family. Done. Been away from our family lifting all those heavy ass weights. Training like we train. Yeah. And then I'm gonna let somebody else win man. They'll kiss my ass. I ain't do all that. I ain't do all that for that. Oh no. If you'd hope your team would land either Adams or Cooper, don't worry. Because there are some very good players who could be made available between now and the November 5th trade deadline ocho.


Oh yeah. Here are the list of receivers that could be moved by the deadline. You got Deandre Hopkins with the Titans. You got, you got Deontay Johnson of the Panthers. You got Mike Williams of the Jet. You got Cooper Cup of the Rams. Whoa. And Jordan Addison. Hold on. What in the hell he got Jordan Addison's name in there? There's no need to move Jordan. There's no need to move Jordan. Okay. The Cooper Cup. I understand Cooper. The Cooper is probably gonna take over, take over for And that's a big salary. Yeah, Sal, I mean obviously salary reasons, but they, they put him on there. They didn't even, you might not even know he might take a pay cut. He might take a pay cut to stay in that system. Gimme, gimme one more.


Deontay Johnson. You know where, you know where he be a good fit for him to go back to Pittsburgh? Right Back to Pittsburgh? Because they, they, they're really no disrespect to any of the receivers on the Steelers team. But he's another good viable option that can get the F open on the other side of George Pickens. Why Not? But he want to. You think y'all want to? That's why they let him go. What was he doing? Remember the loafing? Yeah. Remember Remember the not running hard on Joe? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember that. I remember that. But I'm sure you gonna come back with a different attitude, a different perspective. 'cause as you look at it, when you go from team to team like that, all right now the window's closing the win, the win the window, the window starting to close.


Your eyes start to open up a little, a little bit more. You know, you not, you're not a young chicken though. You ain't no spring chicken no more. You start paying attention to the way the league is moving the older folks out. So you come in on your best behavior when you get a a second, sometimes the third chance. The Addison reasoning, the vacuums are soaring right now. But Addison has kind of gotten lost in the shuffle. Not only had underperformed this season, but remember he had off field issues. I think he had what, two DUIs. Oh yeah. Yeah. I forgot. I forgot about that DUI though Joe. I forgot about That. And remember he started the season, he was hurt. So you know what happens when you get hurt? Yeah. You give a team an opportunity to look at somebody else. Well who, who They like, who they like over him right now.


Well, considering they five and old, they, they like a lot of people over here I guess. Right. I Got you. Coach yo know what happened when you and your girl beefing. Oh, we need to take some time apart. Right, right. When you allow somebody else to look at 'em. Yeah, that's all right. That's all right. So while they looking, make sure they take over these motherfucking responsibilities too. They will. Yeah, That's fine. You just gotta realize, you know your girl new to somebody else. That's fine. That's fine too. Guess how I'm looking at, I'm looking at, I'm looking at the long term. I'm thinking about how much I'm finna save. Go ahead. You can take that Man. All I can think about what she did to me, what she did to get me. I don't care.


I'm come back. Come on back baby. I'm sorry. Hey, listen. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hey unc. But one thing about it. What? That Us but us, we could walk out the front door. You can get you another one. Oh man. Huh? Ocho. Ho ho. Hold on. I don't Know Ocho man. Hey, it's Unc. I don't, boy, don't be no fool. Now you could walk out that door and get you another one. Man. I man. But this was here. Ocho had my toes spread apart like this. Here Ocho Uhuh. Listen, I can, I can find your 30 mo do the same thing 30 more.


Yeah, I can, I can find your 30. Listen to me. Lemme take my glass off. I can find you 30 mo and do the same thing. Come on now. All I ain't looking. Nah, you ain't finna get me in trouble. Nah, I ain't looking. I ain't No, no. This you on your own on this ocho. Okay. Matter of fact, look, Hey. Oh, she just texted too. She just texted me. She about wash. Wash your mouth. Oh, Man. Hey, listen, baby. She man, baby, she and she and baby in Turks, man. About with about 30 of 'em, huh? Huh? 20 of 'em. They have 20 of 'em in Turks. What? Yeah, but they what the age range?


They out that deep boy. What's the age range? Shoot, 30 and up a I'm talking about all business women too. I don't, I don't think you got enough sparks for that, Man. You better man. Look here. They just sent me another shipment. Boy. Hey boy. Hey, hey, Ojo. I'm moving weight like Pablo Escobar. Yeah, I'm moving weight like Escobar, man. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, hey. That's a good one though. You know, I, and I, I'm, I know we off topic. That's, that's a, that's a good topic though.


And I mean, man, we hit that another time, but I like that. Oh yeah. I, I, Hey, I, I think, I think a little, I think a little different though. I think I'm, I'm wire, I'm wired. Maybe a little different. Oh, you wanna, okay, bet. Go ahead. Take that. 'cause you saving me so you saving me some? Yeah. I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let you have that because that means that's an expense. I ain't got no more. So that's light on my pockets. That's How, but you get them goodies. No, o but Look, you look at it look different. Ocho, them goodies. Huh? What fi say them goodies. But Unc and I ain't talking about them headache powders. Yeah, I know you talking About, but know, sometimes they have the goodies and they come with headache. That's a headache powder. Right. You, y'all probably not old enough to know about bcs and goodie powders, Right? Huh? Can I tell you something?


Yeah. Come on with it. Stay, stay with me real quick when it comes to the goodies. Yeah. You know, you know the goodies outnumber all the men. You know that, huh? It's goodies everywhere. Yeah. Yeah. It's goodies everywhere you ever been. You ever been to Chuck E. Cheese? You know, you know how it had the play pit? The play pit with the little, the little plastic balls in it? That's what it's like when you step out, when you step out your door, it's goodies everywhere. Take your pick. Take your pick. But remember you told us about that favorite place that you like to go to and get your latte and smoke your cigar? Yeah. Yeah. You go there for a Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. You don't go, so you don't go. You can go a lot of other places. Right. There are a lot of other places that got 30 TVs on the wall. Right, right, right. And they got laga and they got you wafer.


Yeah. And they got the, the Champions league on, on the wall. Yes, sir. And they got lattes. And they'll let you smoke on the open patio. But there's something about that place, Sidney. Yeah. And we just had a show. Right. You know what we talked about on that last show last time you was on here, right? What that, When it's time to cut your losses. Yeah. You right. Ojo. Damn. Come on now. Listen, it don't gotta be Sunday for me to preach to you and I shouldn't be the one preaching to you. Come on now. Stay with me. All right. All right. Yeah. If I cut my losses, ojo, you're right. Yeah. So sometimes, listen, sometimes you got something. I cut my losses and get me another watch. I get me a watch or something. There You go. Because one thing keep my mind about it. One thing about it. That new watch gonna tell the same time the old one did.


Come on now. Don't do me like that. I'm gonna talk. I'm gonna talk to you. I be looking like I got you because I just lost something. Man. I ain't fool what you want. I haven't let you talk me out a good situation. You talk your ass off. You Good? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just, I'm just relaying the message. That's, that's what I, that's my purpose. Just relaying the message at times. 'cause when they know you feel like the way you feel like, right. But how you talking right now? Yeah. See, when you feel like that, right. When they know you don't wanna lose them. See, they'll play with you. See, when you feel like that, they'll walk all over you when they, you feel the way you feel.


Okay. I ain't, he ain't gonna let me go nowhere because he feel so about me. I'm gonna push the envelope and see how far I can take it. Come you ain't, Hey, I'm too big of a cat to be played with like a kitten. Now you a a You ain't Finn. Hey, you ain't Finn. Oh no. Hold On now. Lemme go now that, that, Hey, that's the, that's the motherfucker uncle I was waiting to hear. Come On. Hey, hey. Don't, don't play Wake Keep up. There you Go. No, don't, don't play me like that. Now. Hey, I'm, I'm easier. I'm easier. Like with women dealing with women, Ocho, I'll Right, right. I'll give them a lot longer leash lead. Right, Right.


Than I will a dude trying to play. Don't. But hey, don't ever get it twisted now. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I'm just, I'm, I I don't spend the better part of 56 years by my damn self. Come on now. Now I don't. I don't want to be by myself. You know? So if I'm choosing an individual, No. All right. I can be alone, but I ain't gonna be lonely. Stop playing with me. Now, those are two different things. My goddamn pen act, you see what I'm saying?


Oh. Oh, I can't find my pen. Just hold that one for me. Hold that thought right there. Oh, there it's, come on. Get, get that to me again. Get that to me again. Now I can be alone. Right. But I ain't gonna be lonely. Well, you think I ain't finna use that in our next argument. Please. Those are two different things. Because sometimes you can be be, you can be alone, you can be ocho, you can be, you can be with somebody and be lonely. Right. Right, right. And not know it. Right. I grandma used to say all the time, the loneliest place you can be is to be somewhere you're not wanting.


So now you are somewhere. You have somebody, but they don't want you. So she just, she just tolerating you, you Alone and don't know it. Mm. All she doing is tolerating you. Mm. Or all he's doing is tolerating you until he can or she can replace you. Mm. See, see? But you gotta pay attention. See, if you smart as a man, you gotta pay attention. You gotta understand when she just tolerating you. 'cause things aren't the same. Those hugs aren't the same. Those kiss are the same. Yeah. Yeah. You know, when You lay, Hey, listen, when you lay down horizontally, it's not the same. You gotta pay attention.


So you got, you gotta read your cues. It's like the quarterback. When you see the blitz coming, bitch, you better audible. You better audible. Hey man, look here. I get it out. Your old look. I think the thing is that sometimes we make the mistake is that when we get the woman right, we don't feel we need to date her anymore. We don't need, we need to do the things that we did to get her listen. Right. And I've been, I, I'll be the first to admit I've been, I'm the, I'm the coach to, I've been, that's been me. Yeah. I'll admit. Hey, we just talked about that. Remember? Yeah. We just, me, me and you know, since we talked about man, we got complacent. I, I I kid you not, and listen. Hey Chad, we family, I could tell you, but we got about, we got the year five.


Shit. The day started to slow down a little bit. Huh? Know I love you started to slow down a little bit. I can tell you that I could be honest for me, rarity set in. Yeah. So I, the first thing I said, well, damn, we beefing. Damn. We need to start beefing. I gotta find a way to re court. To re love to red redate. How can I make this shit exciting again? I got, I gotta, I gotta turn myself into somebody. I gotta find a way to be the fun guy again. I used to be the fun guy. Yeah. You know the one your mama said don't bring home. Yeah. That, that was me. I got to add, I got to add that perspective back to everything I do with a little balance.


What A little balance. Yeah. You know? But you know what happens Ocho Yeah. And as you, as you like, the longer you go in a relationship Yes sir. The least little thing will set you off. Now you mad for no reason. You looking for, you starting to look for reasons to get upset. Right. Man, what? Ain't no who left this little bit of toilet paper on here. Now you know damn well one little sheet. Now you mean to tell me the least little thing start to get you upset and you start to re look for reasons to get upset. Yeah. Where in the beginning she take all the toilet paper off the, the roll. You wouldn't eat bat. Now you go and it ain't no problem.


Yeah. She leave a close down in the middle of the floor, it ain't no problem. Yeah. The house thickest fan. Yeah. Now all of a sudden the least little thing out of place. You mad Man. Yeah. So you got the, and and like I said, I've been guilty of it and I, I've tried to like, I try to write down things. Okay. Okay. Shut in the beginning. This is what you did. You did this, this, this, this, and this. Okay. You got it. She liked that. Yeah. Now that you've been with this, you've been in this situation, you gotta continue to do this, this, this, and this. But the hardest thing Ocho is that I tell, I like, as the problem that I run into is that I'm not the same person that you met.


Mm. I'm the same person, but my surroundings are different. Right. And I need you to understand that. Because Now there was no Nightcap. Not Nightcap is four or five days a week. There was no, now five, four or five days of Nightcap. Now I got two days of first take. Now I'm shooting one to two episodes of Club Shesha. Now I got to jump into a meeting with Shea Ball La Portier. Now I gotta take, now I gotta take other stuff with this one and that one. So the time that I could just spend on the time, Hey, what you doing?


Yeah. What you wanna do? What you wanna do what you Want? Ain't I don't have that time. Right? Yeah. Ain't the same. We, we, we hit a nice little re look. Look, listen, you know how you reset. You reset your router. You unplug the router. Yeah. You plug it back in and we, we reset. We just hit a reset button, nigga. Well, we, well we, we over here pouring into each other, like Sunday delight That at ocho. Well We over here pointing. Sometimes you gotta Into each other. Like Sunday delight. Like I never met her before. Like I never met her before. I said I gotta treat you like a iPhone. I gotta do a hard reset. You can do a soft reset or you can do a hard reset. Hard reset. Yeah. Sometimes it record a hard reset.


O hard, Hey, hey, lemme take my glasses off now. It's been a long five years. Boy. It's Boy. But yeah, I think you need to understand, but when you, when when you say, Hey, I need this, I need X, Y, and Z, I'm able to do it right Because of, Because Beam. Yeah. I ain't got no, I ain't got issues in that area. 'cause I, she, there's an understanding is, you know, the OCHO or the Chad you met five years ago ain't the same. Chad. Now I've evolved. You busier. You working now busier.


You got Yes. That's a good thing. But that, that one there got understanding because she's also busy. Yes. So there's really no clash in that area. But we needed that mental reset. 'cause the complacency on both sides. Ugh. Ugh. But we good? I'm good. Hey. Hey. Right now the cup run is over. That what I'm talking about? Yeah. That's what I'm talking about. Come on now. Woo. Hey. Hey we, hey we all off track. Hey, it is what it is. That's our show. We get back on there. Uptime Dhar responded to the trade room and saying, I love my life. I love where I am. God put me where I needed to be. And he always will I play football?


I love that. That's what he's supposed to say. Yeah. That's called because you don't wanna say, Hey, I'm looking forward to getting moved and you don't go nowhere. Now you got the fans mad at you. Now you got the teammates talking about you thinking about getting up outta here. Dhap played that thing. Perfect. Yeah. I mean always. It's just like the quarterbacks, everybody say every, everything they say is pc. Yep. Everything is politically correct. We know you want up outta there. You deserve to be up outta there. And I hope that chief going get you. I'm not sure what the salary cap or the, or the numbers may be, but if they can find a way to work in there. Rashid Rice, wait, is it Rashe Rice? Sure. Rash he done for the year. Yeah, He does. They said a 10 to 12 month. That's a 10 to 12 month recovery proceeded.


Yeah. I think, I think D Hop to the Chiefs would be perfect. Even though Juju Smith the last game, maybe, maybe the game before the last previous had a phenomenal game. Phenomenal game offensively. But D Hop being a reliable target. Who is going to catch everything? I think it'd be good. It'd be good. All that short and intermediate stuff. He could mask all that. The pair with Kelsey, man. Shh. You got worthy to take the top off. You catch him napping. He can blow the top off. You got Juju and, and D Hop working intermediate stuff. You got Kelsey doing his thing. Yeah. You got a a a hunt. Kareem hunt running the football And can catch out the backfield too, like he did when he was first there of the first four, five seasons.


Yep. The Chargers and Steelers and Saints have reportedly reached out to the Jets about Mike Williams. Damn. He just Got there. I like that. I like that. I like it. Listen, despite nigga, Mike just gotta be in the right situation. I'm not sure, Chad, I'm not sure if y'all watch Mike Williams when he was healthy when he was with the Chargers. Yeah. The only thing is he couldn't stay healthy. Yeah. That, that, that, that, that's always been his, It's the only problem Ocho Hey, but he gonna catch every, he gonna catch everything. A 50 50 ball. I close my eyes. I I guarantee you coming down with it. I mean he big, big physical receiver. What's he like? 6 3, 6 2 26, 6 5? He might, you he might, you might be right. Ocho. Yeah. I mean he's a big, big receiver.


Got speed, can get deep like you said can make, now he does have lapses where he just loses concentration. He the ball. Yeah. And he'll drop a routine pass. You're like, bro, I just saw, I just saw you making damn after circus catch. Yeah. But man, yeah, he's six four. What? Two I asked somebody, I said, what's the S two 20? Nah, he two 18. Oh, Joe Tyreek Hill says he's still the best receiver in the NFL after Devonte Adams, Amari Cooper trades. Yeah. They're not, they're not the best receivers in the league. Because I am.


And I stand on that. Rick said it. I mean, he didn't tell no lie. He didn't tell no lie. I know people would look at stats, circumstance, opportunities when they decrease. So do your numbers. Yeah. But the tool was in, we know who the best receiving the league is. Yeah. Some people might say Chase, some people might say Justin Jefferson. Yep. Jada got something to say about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But listen, Tyre is, I like him. I I, I agree with him. I agree with him. Based on preference. Some people would, would choose, you know, Justin based on preference. Some people would choose Chase, who, who else, who else is in that conversation?


Huh? I just named three. It gotta be somebody else. Gotta be at least one more Tyreek cd. Okay. Okay. See yeah. Some people like Mike Evans, Mike is all reliable. He consistent. Mr. Consistent. Mr. Consistent. Yeah. He, he consistent. Yeah. But like you said, Devonte, chase, Jetta, reek cd, Mike Evans. Yeah. I'm trying to think who else we, we we should throw. Alright. AJ Brown. Oh yeah, I'm tripping. Got about aj. Yeah. Yeah. So, But yeah, that's a good one. I I like it. I like it. I mean, he said, and he said everything with a smile too. But you know, he meant, he meant every word He, he meant every word of it meant every last word Is Max Crosby on the move soon.


Also, he has some re interesting comments today. I'm not here to rebuild, I'm here to win, whatever that means. But I'm here to win now wherever I'm going to be, I'm gonna be here to win. So if I'm Detroit, I offer a first and a third round pick for Max Crosby Right now. I'm not bull, I'm not, look, this is what I got on the table for you. I got a first and a third. Right? Because you just left one of the premier pa you just lost one of the Premier Pass rushers. The league leading Sac Leader. Seven and a half Sacks.


I'm gonna get Max Crosby. Yep. Most definitely. All in. And imagine next year maximum one side and Aiden O'Connell on the other. I mean, I'm talking about Aiden O'Connell and Aiden. Aiden Hutchinson on the other side. Huon. And they just signed a, I mean, they got, they got DJ Rita, they got DJ Reader that was at Cincinnati. Cincinnati. Yeah. I forget. They just, they just extended a big DT tackle, I forget his name. They just gave a boatload of money, like 90 plus million dollars. They got some, they got some good young talent. Yeah. Yeah. They, they got a really, I mean that GM has done a great job, but if I'm Max Crosby, I'm like, I'm trying to, I'm trying to go to Detroit.


That's where I wanna be. That is, that's where I wanna be. Exactly where I wanna be. And he is, he is a dream for Campbell. Oh yeah. That's the, that's the kinda guy Campbell wants to coach You. Ain't gonna aim, just let him go play football. He's a football player. You ain't gotta say much. Nope. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The Best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champions League match, live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We Have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid For by Harris for president.


What's good? Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus Live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 99 per month for three months, then 82 point 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to Chumba Casino dot com. Chumba Casino dot com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your Excitement. Woohoo, CHBA Chumba. Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the Juba life. Visit Chumba Casino dot com btw group. No purchase necessary for prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus.