
Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bitch. You can make UND DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with DraftKings Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store doing tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat. Requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Joining us now. Build Zoom. Had some injuries this year as a rookie, but hey still had a strong rookie campaign. Let's welcome Buffalo. Bills rookie Keon Coleman. Keon. What it do? How y'all doing? What's Up boy? Where you at baby? What's up? I'm in Texas right now. Oh man. Listen, I'm gonna be there tomorrow man. We going, we we gonna slide. We gonna slide the whatchamacallit. Wait. You in Dallas or Houston? I'm in Houston boy. Hey what boy, you in Houston boy. What you doing out there? You good? You not married are you? Nah, nah. You good? None of that. You good? You got, you gonna put some pictures on the wall anytime soon?


Yeah. This just, this just a room man. This just a room, just a office space. I mean, You know they hang pictures on the office, in the office? Not yet. I need some more. I need some little pictures. Like there is, You know, something crazy. Okay, you come out obviously, You know, second round draft, pick your rookie season. What can you take from this season and how do you build on that golden season Number two. Really just stay hungry. I think that's really the thing I came with, You know, come out of the season with stay hungry, unfortunately, injuries and stuff like that. So just continue to take care of your body and then, You know, the on the field stuff, You know, just continue to be where you're supposed to be at and You know the play gonna happen.


You know, the play, the playmakers gonna make the play, You know, so all that's gonna fall in line and just continue to work harder. Yeah. Hey listen, you, you had, you had a good rookie season in 29. Catches 500, 556 yards, four tds. It was, it was a good showing. How is your confidence going in year two and what do you think the difference is from playing in college and the transition into the NFL? Was it difficult? Most of the time for players is a learning curve. Normally you don't arrive as we call it, till year three. What do you think you need to improve on going into year two? So the game slows down for you. When the game slows down for you, that's when You know you arrive.


So for one, the confidence. Confidence always got, You know, staying there a thousand at this point. So I'm real confident going into the next season, my connection with Johnson and all that, let's continue to trend in the right direction. So confident, real high, You know, been getting out after this off season training and stuff. But the biggest difference, college to the NFL. Just gotta be more technically strong bro. Everybody's, You know, that much better. You know? And what making even worse, the D line that much faster. So that's all it is. They get back there faster, the ball gonna come out faster. And then understanding you're not always playing against a guy across from you. You really playing a guy that's got their head on call. The defensive plays. Yeah.


So you really playing against the DC So understanding they tendencies and what they like to do, what they try like to take away from certain guys. That's, that's really, You know, who you really be going against. So once you master that, then You know you be all right. I Like Keon. There was a report that came out that some team, I mean you don't have to name the team if you don't want to got upset with you from eating fruit snacks in the meeting. Can you elaborate what, what was said and what made you feel like they got upset with you for eating fruit snacks? I mean, if they wouldn't have, if they would've, the fact that they even mentioned it, it was like, it was like, You know, because it was like a, it was a certain look man, You know that look when you in the meeting Yeah. Full of, full of people and it just one of those looks and then after they was like, well I think they stopped me.


It was like, You know, just please, You know, just wait till afterwards to eat the snacks. I'm like, You know, I ain't really tripping. You coulda waited till after to say that you didn't have to interrupt the meeting for that. You feel me? But I'm like, cool. Like, You know how you get all them, them formal meetings at the, at the counter. I had like 15 number one day. This was like number 15. Yeah. It was all great visits, but I wasn't, I was all, bro, I ain't gonna name the team though. It ain't that serious. You went viral for a lot of your comments that you made during the draft process at the combine. Were you surprised by how much attention your, your, your, your answers, the questions that were being asked, are you surprised at how viral those moments went?


I mean, with, with social media nowadays, bro, everybody kind of just looking for a clip or, or something that's just different and it's rare guys just be theyself, You know, in those type of situations they're more tense or, You know, get a robot answers. I'm just me bro. Stuff just, it is just gonna be sad. It's just I'm gonna be myself a hundred percent of the time and You know, I mean they did blow up but I mean, I couldn't say I didn't expect it. It kind of just happened, You know, it ain't like I was planning forward. It just kind of was conversation here and there. And I give you my response and what I think I should say And you just go from there. I, I think that's what, that's why so many fans, including myself, I talked about it too, about some of the things that you say, the way you carry yourself, you, you authentic, you organic, you, you're not, you're not politically correct, you're not a robot, which most of the time the NFL wants you to be.


Obviously you, you understand there's a fine line you don't wanna cross, but you're able to be yourself and what, what makes it good for you? Why I know you gonna be a superstar. Because when you have that, that organic mentality And you are authentic the way you are and real and a lot of people can relate to you And you can play on the field as well, that takes you to a whole different level. So you got that it factor that you can't even teach. So you ahead of the curve anyway. So my next, my next thing I wanted to ask you is how do you approach, how did you approach learning the playbook as a rookie? 'cause I'm thinking about my rookie year when I gotta Cincinnati. Boy I struggled. Boy I struggle and I really couldn't touch the field the way way I wanted to. How did that, how, how did that go for you, your, your rookie year?


I mean it wasn't, it wasn't like, it wasn't, I wouldn't say it was hard, right? Like the plays, the playbook, the formation, none of that really was hard. It made even more sense from the college playbook. You know, I played in the pro style system at Michigan State, then got to Florida State, it was another system. So just a combination of both and putting myself to the task. And if I got to Florida State to learn it that fast, it helped. 'cause I got two different systems to combine and learn this one system. So it was, it was pretty more, Yeah, it wasn't that simple for me. Kiana, I ain't gonna lie to you bro, because the number system, like most people learn the number system 2, 4, 6, 8 is to your right. Yeah. One three feet.


1 3, 5 is to the left. Yeah. Well Tom Landry, it was a defensive coordinator. So when he gotta be a head coach and he started calling plays, it was reversed. So 1, 3, 5 is to your right. 2, 4, 6, 8 is to your left. So I hear something with an odd with an even number. I'm the only answer to the right. I got this one. Hey, hey Sharp, where you nah sharp, where you going? 2, 4, 6, 8 is to the right. Ah. So I stayed, I I, yeah, it, it was tough. But I'm glad you was able to pick up because the, as OCHO said earlier, the quicker you can pick it up, the quicker you can let your ability take over and you're not thinking, oh Yeah. And You like, damn am I running the right route?


And you going because you want, like you said, everything is sped up And you Yeah. And you hesitate, you beat in this league because everybody's good. Yeah. Yeah. Lemme ask you this. How did you get used to playing into the cold? Cold? Because I mean, look, you got cold in Michigan, but buffalo is a different animal. I mean they're three feet, feet of snow on you overnight. I mean once it's below like 32, technically cold is cold, right. You just gotta, you gotta, You know, got Pedal thing. Yeah.


Like you should be more excited for the game than you is to think about the cold because it be cold all week anyways. Yeah. So it's like the game come, You know, you might not always practice in the cold, but it's like when you could make it a few hours in the cold like this is this your profession. Like, but if you go, you go through your little routine. My best advice, I take a shower before even hot games. But you, them cold games take you a shower. If you a Vaseline guy that body down, close them pores. If you are a tiger bone guy, whatever you use, use that. Once you hop at that shower, them pores is open. Huh? Use that cline. Get right. Get your feet, get your hands and your feet. That's the main feet get cold.


Yeah. Oh yeah. I gotta keep, gotta keep them toes warm. The cozy toes And your Fingertips. Let them two get cold. Them fingers get cold. You catching like this? You trying to, yeah, it show the pass already brick, like this cold Is frozen. Yeah. But now you Gotta hold that baby. You gotta hold that baby. You gotta hold that baby Keon. Yeah, You figure it out. But the cold really fun though 'cause nobody on the distance side really be trying to, trying to hit. 'cause it hurt. It hurt. But they just trying to push me out of bonds and stuff so you can catch it. You just be off to the race. Hey listen, I, I know you're not a scout, I know you're not a gm, I know you're not in the front office, you were rookie last year, but based on how well you guys played offensively, obviously having Josh Allen and You know, your defense, if you were a gm, if you were in the Bill's front office, in the war room draft day, what do you think your team needs to improve if any area needs improving?


Hmm. I think there's always room for improvement. Yeah. Always. But we had a, we did deal with quite a bit, quite a bit of injuries, You know, but on the defensive side, the ball, I'll go D-line and a corner. Okay. And probably look for another guy at safety that could play that higher risk safety position. Right. So up and up and up and down in the box and okay, yeah, I'll go, I'll go D-line. Anywhere in that D line, I go one or 2D linemen, gimme a corner. Actually I get two corners. You always need, they have that. So I'll gimme two corners and then I'll go give, I'll go gimme another receiver that can play different positions I've done. Well what you, what you think I saw, I saw reports, and it might be possible, I'm not sure if it's true or not, but maybe Stefan Diggs reuniting coming back to Buffalo.


I don't know, I don't, my, my ear don't be in that door. Right. I don't, I don't know nothing about that. I, I, if he come back, I'd be happy to have him as another guy in the room to learn from. Yeah. I, I, listen, listen from, for me, from the outside looking in, adding another weapon like Stefan that knows the offense, that knows Josh Allen Mo most of the, the, the pressure wouldn't be on him. Just being there to contribute in a way. Obviously being a veteran presence, You know, for some of the young guys, I think it would be a good look, You know, for you guys. So, and hell, I mean, yeah, I, I like it. I like it. And you And you mind, like I said, I don't know that my ear be in that window. I don't know. They ain't, I don't be hearing nothing about that.


Lemme Lemme ask you this. We have Josh Allen. What's it been like? Because you go to a team And you got one of the better quarterbacks in the National Football League. It ain't no, oh man, I don't know. I sure hope we can win today. You got this guy, there's an expectation to win. Yeah. There's not a hope. You don't hope to win. Sometimes you have quarterbacks, man. If the, if the defense can hold 'em to 17, if we can get a couple of big plays, commit, create turnovers in special teams, we can win. You go out there every week with 17 as your quarterback expecting to win. What has it been like playing and having 17 calling plays in the huddle? I mean, it is real fun. You know, we have a lot of fun even throughout the game, we be joking around, You know, it's a, it is a place where we all can be loose and still be professional and get our job done.


But with him backed up, bro, it's like, it's a blessing. I say its a blessing to be able to be blessed with a quarterback of that talent. As a rookie, as a younger guy, the most guys come in and be great, but struggle because the quarterback is not up to par. But my quarterback demands greatness and he demands you to be where you need to be and that ball will come on down. And even if you ain't expecting it, it's still There. Yeah. Yeah. It's, It's always gonna be a catchable Ball. It's not easy playing with a guy like that because you have to stay active. You might think he gonna be on one side and like, damn how you get way over there and The world coming out, it's like, it's not even, You ain't got time to say damn run, take off, take off. Hey, when you hear the crowd go hard And you start looking finding you gotta take off, you better go meet him on other side of field.


You want that run and that, that gotta be a awesome feeling. Being able to play with somebody that's elite. One of one of the best in the game. Listen, probably, probably top three, top four in the NFL that can extend plays and playoff scripts. So regardless of when the play breaks down, you still know you have an opportunity to get a ball. That, that has to be a great thing. I got one, I got one question that really had nothing to do with football. I think if I'm not mistaken, Buffalo is known for its wings. Yes. Yeah, they got some powers. If, if there, if there was a wing spot. I know you only been there a year. If there was a wing spot And you had to choose where to go to get wings, where would you go? Bar Hill or they got this place called it's love something.


I don't know. My momma know the name of it. I just know where it's at. It's downtown in Ville. But either there or Barfield And y'all got beat. But I need them all, I need, I need 'em to add that honey lemon pepper and then hot lemon pepper. I need both of those flavors on all the menu. Okay. There's only, that's the only flavor they missing for me. Hot lemon pepper, hot lemon pepper and honey lemon pepper. I need both those. They, they, they ain't got no Wingstop out there in Buffalo, huh? Nah, they ain't got that. Wow. I beach though. I ain't seen one. Well You all, I mean, you right across the street, right across the bridge from Toronto. You, you, you, you, you travel across the bridge. Hey. Oh, that ain't no, that ain't right across the bridge. That's an hour and A hey Toronto. Ain't no hour and a half.


Now you gonna tell me it's an hour and a half Because when I came to Yes, because when I came to Buffalo I went cross the bridge and That traffic ridiculous. And you heard of, what'd you say aunt? What? What you say? What you say Kia? That traffic ridiculous. Oh my. Soon as you, soon as you cross the border And you get down to the, to Toronto traffic ridiculous. Oh. That, that ain't done changed because when we went across there it wasn't no hour because You know we, hey because You know we laying hey drop them bags off. Where y'all was staying at though? Where y'all was staying at? Y'all was in the city of Buffalo? No. Where y'all was staying at? I don't think so because man, Y'all Had to be, oh, we was only 20. We was like a 20 minute cab ride. So From What, from from Toronto?


No, you remember be talking about from the border. Once you cross the border, that ain't Toronto. You gotta drive To Toronto. Hey, I don't know, but they tell us we was in Toronto so I took their word for it. Hold on, hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Keon, I'm trying to figure out if you flew in for a game. Y'all playing the bills? What you were doing in Toronto? What's in? Oh my bad, my bad. On your, my bad. Hey, my bad. What I'm saying on Ke My bad. Bye. Bad. I that, Hey, that was a long time ago. I don't remember. I know What's the name of the spot you went to? I don't remember. Yeah, you don remember. You remember Ke I might, I might even go there. You got Can that, that was before you was born Kia? I can't, I can't even remember that key. I ain't gonna lie to you.


I ain't gonna hold you. Well you just remember Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That everything, everything was a blur. But lemme ask you this, you your, your s So look, are, are you, are you more Florida State or you more Michigan State? Because you, you, you, you Florida, your seminoles fell on hard times. This your key Man, I can't even answer that question. I I mean it's, I spent more years in Michigan State, at Michigan State than I there of Florida State. But Florida State was a real iconic seven, eight months that I was there. So I, I'm, I'm both but Michigan State, You know, got a whole new culture style come from the West coast. So it's a, it is a different program than when I was there.


But You know, some of my same guys still there in the weight room and stuff like that. So I'm, I'm both sides. I, I'd be watching somewhat, but You know, most of the guys that I was like my younger guys when I was there at different schools. So I watch different teams players. Okay. You you, you still, you still thinking, you still like you supporting them? Yeah, I support players more so. 'cause teams team, yes. University coach, all that change. I ain't, that's like my favorite player was Kobe. If Kobe would've ever left, forget the lip, You know. So that's just me. I I root for my young guys that was under me and that I played with and You know, I got a guy at Alabama that I, I watch Alabama games now. I ain't never really watched no battle games. But he there And you got different guys in different areas that I watch day games to support them.


Right. Hey, you Sometimes sometime you wear two mouthpieces, right? I know. I'm not sure. Yeah. What, what, what, what, what's that about? What, what does that come from? Is that from Little League? Is that something you've always done? I remember seeing you do it in Florida State. I, if I'm not mistaken, I you did it in the league too, right? I did it a few games, but man, about the time you forget I don't even wear a mo keys in the game. Right? Yeah. So I just stabbed them and if I didn't put 'em on there before the game, then they probably put on, but at Florida State, I used to wear the Apple watch with the one whatever Apple Watch band. They used to send me the bad colors, a teen and I just to wear it like, I just be trolling, wearing they teen colors. It like, it was fine at first I hit it. But now everybody just throwing like random colors, it don't hit the thing.


Okay, okay, okay, okay. When it's the teen colors, it, it looked fine. Okay. I got you. I got you. Are you, are you a talker? Do you talk trash during the game? Do you like, Hey bro, hey all you gonna find yourself on the waiver while tomorrow trying to deal with me? Nah, I be chilling bro. But if they say something to me then it's, it's zero to minute, quick. I just be vibing. I come there to do my job, I'm woo. But the moment you say something, it could be something nice. I don't want to hear it. Just don't. Right, right. We gonna be good. So you had you but somebody three, seven, then I'm on 10. Like I now it's over. You have any issues with any dbs this year that really talked trash to you? Or was everybody kind of straight? Nah, only, only Will will the only person sha shop.


And we seen how that one ended. But that mean shit. That was the only person who really, really told me something all here. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Kia man, thanks for joining us tonight, bro. We really appreciate it. Continued success. Hey, build on that rookie season. You got your sophomore season, your quarterbacks back in the fold. It's time to take that next step, bro. It's time to be. Hey, when we talk about these top receivers, it's time to make sure UNC and OCHO have your name in that discussion. Yes sir. I will be. Trust me. All right. Congratulations on your rookie. Congratulations on your rookie season. We'll see you down the road, man. Take care. Appreciate it. Hey, if you need a DB for some one-on-ones, let me know. I'll lock you up. Oh my God. Bring, bring your keys. Bring back, wait.


Whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, Whoa. Bring my, bring Leason. What? Yeah, bring 10 racks. We ain't, we ain't run to do. You might as well. Why that 10 to me? 'cause if you ain't never seen my d if you ain't seen my DB skills, you ain't catching nothing. And make sure Josh Allen there, because I don't want no excuse about I ain't have my quarterback. My sister could throw em on D that open it don't matter. You And you man, boy, You know, bump your head boy. I'm a child of God. Don't do that. You come out, you coming out here soon, right? What size you up? 11. Alright, well I got some police for you. I I'll bring you your own people. All you, you, you training in Houston? I be everywhere.


Wherever you need. No, I'll come there. I come now. 'cause I don't want, I don't, I don't like my parole, so I'm not coming down there. You gotta come see me in Texas. I, I come, I come to Texas. Who's the quarterback? All I don't want, no, excuse me. It don't matter. It don't matter. All right. A blind man can throw it. I'm that old throw. Okay. All right. Say less. I'm gonna see you in a minute. All right bro. And congratulations again. See you down the road, bro. Ocho Miles. Garrett explained his change of heart. He had a John Q moment, a change of heart and explained why he's staying in Cleveland. I think some, I think I had some frustration and I feel like that helped us grow and, and have a conversation where d difficult but needed to be, had that created a little more discourse, helped build some relationships and reaffirm them.


Now I feel like we're in a better place now. We can have, we can move on and grow from there. Despite Garrett's explanation, the perception surrounding his decision to stay remains. He was prioritizing money over winning an NFL network. Kyle Branch said Garrett should have been more straightforward about role money played instead with the Browns. It was about money and the money said we want to win and we want to do it. Now, Eli, I ain't got no problem with that. I I have no problem Ocho with Yeah. Him getting that kinda money. Yeah, but he know how you gonna win now you ain't got no quarterback. Hold On. You in the same position. The only difference that Miles Garrett is in now is that he got $123 million guarantee.


Right? A hundred million over the first three years. That is the only thing that has changed. Nothing has changed towards him winning. Yeah. Who they gonna win with, don't you? I have a question. Yes. You know, you understand, You know why you wanted to leave, you understand why you wanted to leave. You understood also when you asked to talk to management, they told you we not talking. Yeah. We don't wanna talk to you and we not training you. No, no. He, no, the owner didn't want to have the conversation. He said talk to Andrew Barry, who's the general manager who's running it. He wasn't finna have no conversation either. 'cause You know what we finna do? We know how to get you to want to be here.


We gonna pay you, you, Yes, we gonna Pay you. He had no more guaranteed money. All the guaranteed money that he had signed, that big contract that made him the highest paid defender at one point in time was gone. Now instead of pretending like I'm looking greedy saying, asking for a contract, You know what? I wanna win Patria. I ain't got no icho. I I, I look and I don't want anybody to take this the wrong way. I really don't have a problem with that. Right? But everybody that's looking at this objectively and realistically knows that Miles Garrett is in no better situation today. The only better situation is financially. Yeah. He's in no better situation. They're not even close to the win. Also. And you gotta think about it, him wanting to trade and saying, I don't wanna be here.


They wasn't letting him go anywhere. They wasn't letting him go. So, I mean, you, you stuck between a rock and a hard place. 'cause He didn't do That. We not trading you O Joe. He knew. Listen, even when they want to trade, when players wanna get traded, sometimes they'll come to him and offer money. Hey, and guess what? Caron Palmer. Caron Palmer really wanted to be outta there since they couldn't offer him enough money. Could they? Ocho Now he refused to come. He remember he said At home, that's when you wanna get up outta there, Right? Yeah. Miles, it was always about money. Miles wanted more guaranteed money. Miles wanted to be the highest paid defender. I got no problem whatsoever.


But I want people to objectively say, you tell me that Miles Garrett is in a better situation and is in a situation that's more conducive to winning today Right. Than he was a month ago. Right. You know, I mean, we all understand that. We, we all understand that's all. Understand that also No problem with it. Get your money but also get your money. Also management, management doesn't wanna, wanna lose that centerpiece of that defense management doesn't wanna lose the identity to that defense. You know, that defense, we, it was good. It was good. I'm not sure what the numbers were last night, but if you, if you look at them across the board, they are good. Denzel Ward, miles Garrett, along with the rest of the support fans, They can be be as good as they want to.


If your offense ain't no good, you ain't going nowhere. Yeah. What are they gonna do with the quarterback position? We will find out. We'll find, Hey listen, we'll find out. Listen, we'll find out in April. We gonna find out. We gonna find out in April when you bring somebody young, you get a veteran presence in there to probably start this year to at least give you a chance. Maybe Kirk Cousins, I'm not sure what's gonna happen. You know, so I'm, I'm, listen, I'm just excited for every goddamn body people getting they money. I I Just, I ain't got no problem with that money. Yeah. I, I don't, I don't. And But, but my thing is now, unless you get one of these rookies and he's like, Jayden Daniels, you really not going now. Look, it was reported that Russell Wilson was scheduled a visit. I I I saw it last week, so I don't know if that Thursday.


Thursday, right? He was last week. Giants first. Oh, it was last week I think. I think so. Chad, y'all could correct Ocho and I if we're wrong, but I think I read it last week that he was supposed to have a visit to Cleveland and the Giants. And I don't know which day each visit was scheduled, but that's what I that's what, that's what I read right now, the situation. It's also being reported. I don't know if there's any truth to this, that in the process of getting his money, he wanted him to work something out with Nick Chubb. Right. I don't know. I I I, You know, you read, I read I don't know what's true. All I'm just saying what I read. I don't, I don't, and I, and I hate that I brought that up because Right. That was in the paper and we don't really know if that's true and if it is, that was a very noble and honorable thing to do.


Yes. One of the guys that's been there a as long as you had, I think he came, I think he came a year bef, I mean, no, he came a year after, because I think he came with Baker. I think Chubb was the second round pick with Baker Mayfield. I'm, I'm almost, I'm almost sure of that. But he's been one of the leaders in the locker room. He's been one of the leaders in the locker room. And, and, and Miles felt that he would, he would wanted to if they're gonna win. I want, I want, I want Chubb to be a part of it. Yeah. I-I-I-I-I like it. I like it. Chubb coming off of his second year after ACL tear. I'm sure you're gonna have a better seat this year.


If we can get Chubb back to the Chubb we're used to seeing regards to who's at the quarterback position. I think that makes things a little easier for them in that area, simply because it's, to me it's almost a comparison. I'm not saying he Derrick Henry, but he ain't too goddamn far off. If you watch, if you, you watch Nick chug play, play over the years, he ain't, he ain't that far off on, You know what Ocho I just don't know. I mean, that was a serious injury that he's coming back from. Yeah, man. And he had, he had a the second time, Second time In college. Yeah. So the, the determination, I just hope he can get some resemblance of being the, the back that he once was. Yes. Yeah.


Most times we don't see power backs. We don't see power backs. It's been very few power back. Have the longevity. Yeah. Adrian Peterson, Derrick Henry, we're talking about not contact. Collision backs run to collision. Right. They'll run you over. They're, I mean, they're not really trying to run nobody. They're trying to, they're trying to punish you and make you turn it down because that tackle that you make in the first and second quarter, you gonna be a little bit more apprehensive in the third and the fourth quarter. Yeah. And if you notice as the game progresses, those guys get stronger. Yeah. Yeah. Bro, you ain't gotta run on me, but one time with a bus I would dodge at that bus the next time. I see that mofo coming.


Hey Listen, every time, every time. I, I've never seen, I've never seen a running back. There have been many of them. I've never seen a running back run as violently, as violently as all day. Adrian Peterson, Pete. Yeah. I ain't never seen Adrian Peterson. Mary and Barber didn't have the same type of success or acceleration or, or I'm, I'm Trying didn't have the longevity, the The longevity. But something about Adrian Peterson, he played, what did they do wrong to you for you to run the ball like that Angry Beef mode ran like that. Oh, but Guy Beef Mode played beast mode.


Had a long career beef mode. Had a long career. Yeah, he had, but if you go back and look at the guy that I, that come to the top of my head, I don't know how many people in the chat order to remember with Earl Campbell who Earl was like that, but Earl only lasted like seven, eight years. And I don't know if y'all have seen Earl Earl's been in the wheelchair for the last 20, 25 years. Real, it broke. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So now Earl, Earl Earl has done great off the field. He got a, he got a meat packing, hot links and stuff like that. Sausages been state, stuff like that. So he's done really well. But Earl ran the contact. He was a collision back, not a contact because contact and collision are two different things.


And normally those guys that run to have collisions, they don't have a longevity. Ed Adrian Peterson played what, 12, 13 years. You see, you see D Henry play the number of years he's playing. Yeah. The guy, I mean he went for 2000. He was on a pace to have another 2000 yard. He got hurt at rushing for about 1100 with eight, nine with eight games to go Go. Yeah. He was Definitely, so he was on page to get another, he was, he had a big injury, bounce his back from that. Go get 1500, come to the Ravens, go to get 1900. That's Crazy. I've ne I've never seen anything like Derrick Henry. I can honestly say I've never seen anything like Derrick Henry, a guy runs like that, that goes over 2000 a go that has goes over 2000 and then comes with an 80 yards from go having 2000 again.


Right. That's crazy. It it absolutely is. But hopefully Chubb can get some of what he lost ocho from that injury because You know, every time OCHO hope them injuries. I hope so. They, they take a little bit outta you every time. It does Take a little bit outta you every time. Yeah. Yeah. But it does. But listen, I'm e even, even even as a Bengal fan, I would love, I would love the, the, the, the Browns at full strength and whatever decisions they do make, whether it be in off season acquisitions, whether it be through the draft, I would love them at full strength when they do play my Bengals. So there are no excuses about, oh we didn't have a quarterback or our running back was hurt. Or my, I wanna make sure Miles Garrett is there when we put up 50 points, I want 'em at full strength.


And I'm sure we have people in the chat that are Browns fans. I love you. I love you dearly. I love you dearly. But come this season, we know who's running the A FC North. I know we have brave fans. Who Ravens. I know we have Ravens fans in the chat. And You know how I feel about you and I tell you this, I'm gonna tell you this Ravens 2001, I love every last one of you. Huh? Every last one of you. Oh, so y'all ain't one but a handful of games. Damn. Let me, let me finish, let me finish my speech. We know this year 2025, the A FC North is coming through the 5 1 3.


Now I i I, if you need me to come sit with y'all at m and t Bank, what's it called? M and t Bank? Yeah. Yeah. I, What, what's, what's what, what's the area code of Raven? 4 4 3. I, yeah. Anybody from BMO in the chat? What is it? 4, 4 3. I know we got Raven fans. I know we got, we got Raven fans in the chat. Definitely. Definitely. I I love every last one. Y'all Don't run, man. Look, first of all, we already know Cincinnati don't run nothing, but they rock mouth. Y'all don't run nothing. Ain't nothing coming through no Cincinnati. Stop that. Hey, One thing, one thing that you, you can learn about more organization that you, that you can see that we prove we made, we've done something historical that we've never done before. That was outta character. Four 10.


That right? Four 10. Four 10. What's that? Baltimore. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Oh, it is 4, 4 3. I remember. Yeah. I used to have A-A-A-A-I ain't never had no rab. I think I had a landline. I did have a landline, but that was, that was 20 years. Man, hold up bunch of all Ocho you making, see I had a landline yesterday. Hell, that was 20 years ago when I was in Baltimore. But the way you, the way you said it like it was yesterday. So Yout have a, you don't have a landline in your house right now? No. Why not? Who gonna call me on the landline? People call you on your cell phone. Oh, I, Yeah, I was just asking.


I was just asking when the last time you seen the payphone. Lemme tell you. Y'all right here. Here. Hey, hey. I can't see it. That's a no, BO that's a no No, that's B and o. Oh, who? Hello? Yeah. Bitch car call Big booty. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know. Yeah. I saw, I saw her. She got like two kids. That man. Yeah, she still look good. Hey, hold on, hold on, hold on. This lemme call you back. This my brother call. Lemme call you back. Hey Joe. Lemme get that right there. Hey that, hey, hey. That just had conversation be going too, huh? Yeah, uncle Joe. Look, what that, look at it. Look right here. Look at that right here. That, That's us Uncle. That's us. Yeah, that y'all. And guess what? In Arizona I win.


What, What number is that? What number is that? That Bengal jersey? I, I don't know what we call it. Rerun. You remember how Rerun was chasing that truck on what's happening? Right. That's him. That's him. That, that, that's my rookie ain't it? I don't think you was there yet. Ocho Okay. And then October 7th, 2001, that is you, that's your rookie. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I was there. I'm, I'm trying. I wonder what Darn and P Dub did that game. Nothing, nothing. Not a damn thing. I don't know about that. Nothing. I don't know about that. Nope. I know. I dunno about that. I know nothing. Who? They ain't do nothing.


Who won the game? I lost one game in 14 years to the Bengals. Did did I score? I don't think so. Y'all beat y'all beat when we came, when we came to y'all. Y'all beat us. I think y'all beat us by like three points. Yeah, that was me. That was me. That was me. Hey, nah, that wasn't you. That wasn't you. Nah, but no, I look, I don't want people to think I got a problem. I don't got no problem with with with Miles Garrett. I just think the thing was that was his play all along. He played it perfectly. Yeah, he played it, he played it perfectly. Right? He did.


And look at it right here, Ocho. What's that? I know that's not a camcorder. Hey, hey, you better, you better know it. Hey, and You know, as soon as I seen the bag, I knew what it was. Huh? Hey, I know you got, you use that. You went to free meet. Hey Nick. Hey, be like Spike Lee, do the right thing. So you was there, you you was there Was I, I wanna, I wanna see the footage. No, you can't see this ojo.


No. All things will stop. Everything. Hey, I, Hey boy. I could, I could imagine bro, This going, this going right back to the vault. I could imagine you still, you still got a ECR? Nah. I bet you ain't got no CD player. Nah, but I got a bunch of cell phones upstairs. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. A bunch of 'em. I'm talking about I got keep all my cell phones. I bet You ain got no side. I bet you ain't got no sidekick. No, I wasn't in the sidekicks. So Joe, I ain't gonna lie to you. You had a beeper a pager? Nope. I bet you ain't got the motor. The Motorola block phone I do got. It's in Glenville.


I got the big one and the Yeah, it got The big one. Okay. Okay. I Got the Star Tech. I got a bunch of phones upstairs. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hold on just a second. Keep on talking. Lemme go Stand right quick. Hold on. All right, Chad, listen Chad, while he goes upstairs and then and rummages through all, all the stuff from the eighties, and I wanna talk about my Bengals. I wanna talk about my Bengals and I want to tell y'all what's gonna happen this year. Now I've always been right when, when it comes to predicting stuff, and I'm rarely wrong, I'm rarely wrong. Now I think about last year I was wrong twice in the 1718 game season, including the playoffs, I guess the playoffs all the way. Right? I said the Eagles are probably gonna win the Super Bowl again. They were gonna play the chief boom.


I was right. So this year the A FC North is going to go through Cincinnati. It's gonna go through Cincinnati. So what's gonna happen, the way it's gonna play out is we're probably going to score 40 to 50 points a game, 40 to 50 points a game. And our defense is gonna be adequate and just good enough to stop teams. Maybe allow maybe 17 to 20 points a game. That's how it's gonna go. I'm not telling you what I heard, I'm telling you what I know because it's the way the game goes. And just the way, the way things are flowing in general, for us as an organization to do something that's never been done before. That's outta character for us as, as, as a team and organization.


It's, it's gonna reward ourself. The football gods are gonna reward us simply because we did something that we've never done before. And we made history. Okay? I think, I think now I don't have the numbers in front of me. It's possible that we can side Trey Hendrickson. I think it's possible. And so we're gonna do that. Now, that's one staple, You know, that's one staple that we can have that's part of the ecosystem defensively. If we can get that back, You know, I, I'm, I'm not sure secondary, we got got some good dudes out there on, on, on the corner. Safety. I'm not sure what's going on with, with Vaughn and in, in some of the safeties or whatnot. But outside of that, if you are a gambler, man, if there are any gambling women in the chat, I'm telling you now, put your money, put your money on the Bengals.


All right. We gonna be in San Francisco and I'm, I'm gonna meet y'all there sometime in February. And that's it outside of that. I hope y'all had a good Monday. I had a great Monday. You see my jacket? This is leopard or cheetah. I'm not sure it all looked the same. Hello? I love y'all. I don't know what else to say right now. Oh, oh Joe. That's the only one I can find. You remember this one? That's a razor. That's a razor. A star, Star Tech. Star T Tech. Right. See I knew it was either Razor or Star Tech one or the other. Chad. Y'all got This Dan Antenna come up, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I remember them. I remember them. I remember that.


I remember that. Yeah. We, we beep bra. I ain't have no beeper. Oh yeah, I, I, I got, I I still got, but I gotta Get Shelly. I, I'm with, I have a mojo because I know Shelly put 'em somewhere, but I got about, I think Ocho Ocho same one out. Shelly put 'em somewhere, but I got like 17. I got the original iPod. You remember the, the iPod that hold 10,000 songs? Oh, the big the big thick one? Yes, I got that. I got, I listen, I got all my HBCU band music on that whole iPod. I told her it was thick too, boy.


Yeah, I got it. Hey, I keep everything old MacBook. Hey, what you be doing with all that man? I don't let nothing go. Hey, you see the big computer behind? Don't, Joe, I got Yeah, stop too. Hey, listen, you can have a yard sale and make a grip, Boy. Oh no. You ain't gonna sell it. No. So I don't want nobody to get no information out here. Oh no. Uhuh, Uhuh. Oh no. I ain't getting nothing.


What, what you got on there? You acting like oh oh seven. There ain't no, I don't know. I I don't know what's on there. Okay. Okay. But I tell you what, ain't nobody else gonna find out what's on there either. Okay. I got you. I got you. You don you don't, you don't wanna slip up, huh? No, I want, Hey, I want everything I told you on Joe. Yeah. I would need a crane in my casket to carry my casket. Six. Can't do it. Too many skeletons, too many secrets. Ocho too many secrets. I Got you. I got You. I got you. Oh, DJ Ada ocho. You had three catches for 28 yards.


Wait, 2000 I only Had, I only had three. I only had three for 28. Yep. Damn. I'm sorry as hell. I had more than you. I had three for 32. Oh, I thought I caught a touchdown in that game. Nah, you ain't catch none. And you got Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You, you got tackled on that play. That might have been, that was, that was my, that was my, that was my first year in Baltimore. I caught a touchdown. Look at 2000 ash. I thought I caught a touchdown on them. Travis Taylor had four for 66. I had three for 32. Cadre had three for 31. Brandon Stokeley had one for 23. Todd Heap had one for 18. Mo Williams had two for five.


Yeah. Ocho average 10 yards a catch. Yeah. Nine, 9.3. Y'all had 153 yards. What a offense. Yeah. Passing. Oh, that, that's bad. Yep. Oh. TJ Legend. Y'all with 63. You was next with 28. That's me, that's me, that's me. I was just, I would get darn, Scott had one for 20. Danny Farmer had two for 16. Corey had two for 12. Peter work had one for seven. Ron Dugin had one for four and Lorenzo O'Neal had one for three. Hey, so, oh no, I saw, as a matter of fact, I just saw him at the idea Super Bowl Ocho Zo.


Yeah. Yeah. That's my guy, man. Lorenzo was funny boy. Oh yeah. Hey, yeah. In 2000 I scored had five for 40 in the tub. That wasn't me. I long as we won the game though, Y'all ain't win. Y'all was the, hold on. Pull up a ash, pull up Cincinnati's totals. I Guarantee in thousand. You won that game. Pull up that total. I don't think y'all, y'all might have not have scored. Don't do that. I, I definitely, Boy, we not, boy. They not go back and step, look at that film and watch Rob Burnett. If y'all see the highlights, go back and look at that. Here in 2000, Rob Burnett put on Achilles Smith.


He played, he might not played no more that year. Well he, he must have caught him from the blind side. Huh. Boy, a caught him a, he was looking just like this. No, he was like this and Rob Burnett, he'll put his helmet right up under the chin. Ah, Breaking news. Bengal, Jamar, chase and Teagan exclusively tell me the degree to contract extension with the team. Jamar gets four years, 161 million with 112 million, 112 million guaranteed making him the highest paid non quarterback in NFL history. Tee Higgins get four years, 115.


115 with the first two years guaranteed making him the highest paid wide re wide receiver two in NFL history. Wow. Congratulations brother Jamar, chase brother t Higgins, they got that deal done. Joe Burrow. I know Joe is happy, very happy to keep that, keep that unit together. Obviously me. I didn't, I didn't, I didn't think it would be possible. I didn't think it would be possible. I obviously, I can't break down the numbers right now in, in front of me, but the fact that Joe was able to keep the, the two main targets guy, the guy, yeah. Take, take, keep the two main guys together, man is, is a really good thing. And that that's a step in the right direction for us.


And, and, and, and finishing, You know, what we need to, to get back to, to, to, to the promised land at the end of the season. So I'm happy, I'm happy for them. I mean, I'm excited and kudos to to, to the Blackburn family, the Mike Brown and getting that done and, but let's get some work on that defense end now. Yeah. I don't, I don't see how they, I don't see how they pay Trey Hendrickson. He wants north of 30 million, right? Yeah. I don't see, I don't see how, I'm not saying it can't be done. I just don't see how do You think it's possible to still pay Trey?


Well what do, what do you think? I mean that's Ty all that's tying all the money up and just in, in Yes. He go, he gonna want, he want north of 30. Right. Man, have 35 sacks in two years. Nobody touch, nobody has that many sacks in the past two years. Right. He been a pro bowler both years. I I just don't it like I said, it, could it happen? Yes. Yeah. And the question is that you have to ask yourself on Joe, is the opportunity to go to a Super Bowl, potentially win it over the next two years? Is that worth, is that worth potentially being a salary cap held in 27, 28? Right.


Well, all y'all did is about, this is about 25, 26 ocho. This is what this is about. Right? Well, You know, the, listen, there, there's a way you can get out, out of salary, salary Cap Hill is by continuing to restructure those that have large, large contracts. Yeah. Restructuring takes, But all you doing is kicking it down the road. You don do anything you kicking outta the road because that yeah. That balloon baby gonna come do now. Oh, At some point. At some point. Hey, congratulations. I I know, I know. All on, listen, I know my Bengal fans I know, know, know y'all happy man, Zi, who they, I I love you. The deal has gotten done. I'm excited. I'm happy. I'm happy for both of them. I just wanna make sure we do what we need to do on the defensive end of the ball where, where we had our problems, our issues offensively and just start late.


Just start late in the, in, in the beginning of the season. We need to fix that. Fix that. Well, when I think, I think we going, we gonna be all right. But we need to work on that defensive side of the ball and get some, get some off season acquisitions in, You know, some help on defense. And I think we gonna be all right. All right. Yeah. Who they, OJ Brooks breaking news. Higgins and Chase are back. I mean, let's see, 41. That's 71 Joe Burrow. So that's $126 million annually tied up at three players.


How much is that tied between two? Huh? 55 million for Joe? 40, one for Chase, 30 for Higgins. Okay. Oh, three. That's good too. That's 126 million. I like that. I, I, I mean, so that, that means if you sign, if you sign, if you sign Hendrickson, that's a hundred and that's a hundred. That'd be over 150 million. So you'll, you'll have half your cap over, half your cap in four players. Woo. I just don't see how to do it. Let, we'll see how to do. Hold on. Just, huh. Let's, I I think it's gonna pay off. This is something this is have, have the Bengals ever rolled the dice like this before?


No. Has Mike Bryant ever rolled the dice? No. If it won't change, sometimes you have to do things different. True. The definition of insanity and doing the same thing over and over and over and over, and getting the same results and expecting something to change. The fact that he's willing to change that, that the, the fact that the, the, the Blackburn family and the Mike Brown family are willing to do something different. It lets You know, alright, You know what? We are intent on winning. We're intent on winning and doing what's necessary to make sure we do for one, to contend in the A SC North and then further ourselves in the playoffs when the time comes. I like it. I like it. I'm excited.


I'm excited. I saw TT Hagen just tweeted. T Higgin just tweeted the handshake handshake emoji. That's, that's dope. That's tight. That's tight. I'm happy. I'm excited. Yeah. So when we went the A FC North, You know why? Hey, happening Did, did, did the, did the Ravens trade L Jack, hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on. Let's, that's this, this not what we got. This is what, this what? We not going to do this, this is not what we going to do that the a FC north this year. I'm not talking about what's happened in the past. Okay. I'm talking about this year. It's running through Cincinnati. It's running through 5 1 3. I'm just letting You know ahead of time. Hey, no one has ever said the road to the Super Bowl goes through Cincinnati.


You know what? And not about to start. No. And no, and, And You know what happened? No one has ever seen Mike Brown and Troy and Katie do what they've done today. Okay. Okay. All right. Ocho. Yeah. They have reportedly been quite the vibe shift for wide receiver Garrett Wilson after the New York Jets moved on from Aaron Rogers and added Justin Fields this off season. Yeah. Wilson has told friends he's thrilled with the addition of fields. ESPN's, rich Samini wrote Sunday. It's no secret that he and Rogers didn't see eye to eye last season, but now he has, now he as a quarterback, he knows and respects they, they've maintained a good relationship.


Another reason Wilson said to be excited about 2025 in December, the NFL networks in Rappaport reported all is not well with Rogers and Wilson and added that privately. There have been questions regarding whether Rogers and or Wilson can find common ground since they had a blow up during training camp. Which I tried to tell Ocho Yeah, you did. OCHO said, don't worry about that. Oh yeah. I, I didn't, I didn't think it would be anything bad because I've had those same kind of talks with John Kid. I've had those same talks with Carson Palmer, But not every day. Oh, not every day. I thought, I thought it was just that one clip. I'm not No. You thought him talking every every day. Yeah. Most of the time I think they weren't able to get on the same page. Aaron Rogers wanted the things done a certain way and Garry Wilson was kind of, kind of complaining, whatever it may have been, it didn't work out.


I liked the fact that he liked that he had Justin Fields and I know one thing, God damn Fields gonna get that ball to, to Brother Wilson. He gonna, he gonna feed it to him and they gonna find ways to get him back where he was his rookie season. Yeah. Where he was very productive because after this season, hey, they gotta come, they gotta come see, they gotta come see five with that bag now. Yeah. They gotta come see five with that bag. He's the top 10 receiver in the NFL right now. He didn't look like it from a productive standpoint last year because the offense was in disarray. But he gonna get back to that. This is Justin Fields year too. Justin Fields can make himself some good money. You know, if he have a good season, huh? Bill redo.


Yeah. Absolutely. If He, if he have himself a good season and they be like, You know what, this is the quarterback to the future for us. And he play, play how I think he should play. Now that you have nothing to worry about behind you, you ain't gotta worry about nobody taking your spot. Yep. All we have to do is just play football freely and just focus. This is your team. This could be your team. They can hand you the keys. Oh, Joe, I just found the odd that Garrett Wilson was offensive rookie of the year. Yeah. And looked better with Zack Wilson and those guys than he did with Aaron Rogers. Yeah.


I just found it odd. Wait, wait, wait. Who, what quarterback who we look who Was Zack Wilson? I think he had Joe Flacco. Oh, Mike White. I think I, I think, yeah. He had a couple of different quarterbacks. Zach Wilson and the guy was Office Rookie of the year. Ocho Zach Wilson. That was the guy. Yeah. Okay. So look, and sometimes, like you said, Rogers was used to doing some things a certain way and, and that way, You know, at the end of the day, we got to get a, we look, we're try, if we're trying to do the same thing, they have to be a give and take. Right. Okay. I understand that you, but I can't do everything that you want. I need you to meet me. Can we, can we meet in the middle somewhere halfway? You gotta be Can can we meet in the middle? You gotta be on the same page, huh? Yeah, you gotta be, I'm not saying I, look, I'm not saying I can't, I'm not saying that we can't go to brunch, but can we not?


Do we have to go to brunch every Sunday of every month of every week? Can we like just stay home and can I watch the games? Yeah. I, I mean, there has to be a happy medium somewhere, Ojo. I understand who you are, but understand that. Look, I, and am I as accomplished as You know? No, but You know, don't, don't think I my fed, i I fed OFin around this much. Come on now. Yeah, you right. You right. You gotta be on the same page. The Volume


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.