
This is Jeff T from The Club five 20 podcast. This is what you do when your love of the sneaker game has you chasing all the limited editions and the classics and the real ones. You go to eBay score all your Once in a Blue Moons and check off your wishlist for heart of fines. So when those fresh sneakers deserve a hoodie, just as real, go for authentic street wear. The experts verify accessories to match like timeless watches, vintage designer bags, and more jewelry than you can wear at once. Yeah, eBay is the place for new pre love vintages and rare fashion eBay things people love.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs A foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Listen to the making of rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Presented By Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources


is Now Joe, let's get back on track. Malik Willis gets to win in Tennessee. It took, it took just the first half of Willis to set career high with 158 passes yards in two quarters. He finished 13 of 19, 202 yards with a touchdown. He added another 73 yards on the ga on the ground for another score. Will Levis, who his three turnover pushed this season total to eight most through a quarterback through his first three games over the past three seasons. Tennessee is minus eight in the turnover ratio. Jaire Alexander picked six. You remember last, his first week he threw one, underhanded picked six and then he, all of a sudden he got in trouble.


He threw a lateral that ended up turning it over. So he's having a, he having a rough time of taking care of the football Ocho Got it. You got you in the gun and you have a short route. The DB on short routes anything, three step, especially the gun. He's looking at the quarterback. Yeah, he playing off bro. He ain't going nowhere. And then you pat the ball, you, you get the ball. Instead of letting it go, you pat it and then throw it by the time it get there. Because he is not looking at the, he's not looking at the receiver. He's looking at you. He winding up man. Jaire was already breaking on the ball. Yes, yes. Another Way.


Hell, he almost ran past it. Yeah. Oh Joe, first of all they they Gotta fix that. They gotta fix that. They gotta fix that. But the receiver can do a better job knowing you gotta take it deeper because the quarterback's in the gun. He's not, Hey Ocho, he doesn't have the ball in his hand. Right. You gotta realize he's gotta take the snap. He's gonna back up a couple steps, then he's gonna throw it. Well Jahi is sitting back there clueing, he take a couple of steps when he see that quarterback pull up. Oh, he driving Driving. He Driving on that. Yeah. I mean they, they gotta, they gotta fix his mistakes though. Huh? And his decision maker really bad.


He's not even giving his team a chance. He is not even giving him a chance. Oh Joe, you know, you make outside throws, you better miss outside because if you don't, he got a reservation for six and he's on his way Every time. Every time. Yeah. Who's the backup in Tennessee? Who's the back of the Tennessee? I thinking Ma Malik Willis was still there. They ob obviously they traded Malik. If Malik Willis was still there, boy listen, I don't think there's anybody where makes will LT nervous to be better with the decision making where they would bench him and sit him down. No. Well you kinda hits your wagon to it. Yeah.


Once, once you let Malik go, basically You kinda his, your wagon to him and so it is what it is. Ocho. But hey listen, Look, growing pains, He had two touchdowns. Tour deception D Hopp 6 4 73. Calvin Ridley had one, had one reception on three targets. You got cavalry and D Hop. Hey, you should be, you should be, man, be eating. But they can't run the football. Tony poll is six for 14 will leverage three for 12 spears. Two for seven 11 carries 33 yards. Mm. That ain't, that ain't gonna get you nothing. No. You gotta have, you gotta have a heavy, a heavy dose of balance on both ends.


And, if you can't establish the run, it's gonna make passes that much more difficult. Yep. You're exactly right. You're exactly right. So who we got Justin Fields and the Pittsburgh Steelers are three and oh the Steelers finished with 346 yards of total offense. The charge is 1 68 Steeler scored a season high. 20 points with two field goals by Chris Boswell and a rushing touchdown by Justin Fields to go with a fourth quarter touchdown strike the Calvin Austin II steal the Steeler struggle to convert in the red zone with drive stalling at the 10 yard line and the 12 yard line. Justin Fields also had his first interception of his Steelers career, but threw for 245 yards the most in his three game stint as a starter ocho.


Here's the question. Yeah. You still think Russell Wilson getting that job back Man, Justin got the hot hand bro. Justin got hot. Yeah. You know, you know how I felt. I, you know, you know how I felt. But Phil's got a hot hand right now. You know, another one who was in a situation similar to that of Donald, similar to that of Baker Mayfield. They're surrounded. Arthur Smith, the play calling, playing the Justin Field strengths. Yep. I mean it, it is just, it's just a fit. It looks like a perfect fit for him. You know, obviously I would've liked to see Russell Wilson at the ham based on what he's done in the past.


His resume, obviously he speaks for himself. He didn't have that bad of season in Denver last year. I would've liked to see him pick up where he left off there and try to continue that with the Steelers, but it didn't happen. And Justin Field is playing some goddamn good ball, man. He's playing some good ball and he's not turning the ball over. Which is the most important thing. Yeah. He's giving his team a chance every time. Every time he's giving his his team a chance. Justin Herbert was really limited in what he could do. I think they lost Bosa. I think the right tackle goes out. Maybe the left tackle goes out. I know Justin Herbert ended up le leaving the game and Tyler Taylor Heineke ended up coming in for him.


Right. But when you look at, when you look at the, the charges, how with all that talent Ocho Defensively, They got talent. Well they got talent offensive. Well they used to have a lot more talent offensive when they had Mike Keenan Allen and you know, Austin Eckler. They had some talent but defensively. Yeah, you got Bosa, you got Durwin James, you got Khalil Mack. I mean you got some really, really, really Asante Samuel Jr. Junior. Yeah. I mean you got some, I mean you got some but Har Har Harbaugh get it turned around, he he'll get it turned around.


Absolutely. Absolutely. But the quarterback gotta get healthy. Justin Herbert was a shell of himself today. He couldn't get, he couldn't get away And he's hurt huh? Too. Yeah. You think, you Think he ankle spring? Yeah. It's bothering, huh? Yeah, it's bothering him. But Justin Fields is now three and oh, 25 and 32, 2 45. One touchdown, one interception. He was sacked. But hey, Harris had f had what, 18 carriers for 70 yards. Cordell Patterson had four for 33 fields. Six for six. Hell. And they ran the ball 31 times for a buck 14. And they allowed Justin Fields to throw it 32 times for 2 45 and a touchdown.


So the Steelers still top the NFC North with a three and oh record and Baltimore is one and two and Cincinnati is over. We owe and two we'll be one and two tomorrow night. Who y'all play? We Play the Commanders Monday Night Football. I be there, I leave, I leave, I leave, I leave Vegas on the Red Eye night at 1240, the Cincinnati. And I'm gonna be, good luck Corey. Dylan going in the Ring of Honor tomorrow night. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. Who they and yeah, yeah. Emmy going, yeah, we gonna win. Ricky quarterback Bo Nicks look more PO than his third star at the Denver Broncos responded accordingly.


Nick's rush four touchdown through for two 16 to help the Broncos knock off the un. The Buccaneer is 2067. He earned his first career start his first career win as a starting quarterback on the first drive. Nicks went four for four 70 yards capped off by a touchdown run of two yards. Nick ended the completing 25 or 36 passes for 216 yards. Hey, you don't find it weird how the NFL works week to week teams that have been playing bad the first two weeks all of a sudden come out and beat a team that had the hot hand in the first two weeks and beat 'em. You know what it is? Buck Had, buck had the hot hand and all of a sudden Bo bottlenecks, who hasn't looked good the previous two weeks, for some reason they beat the Bucks.


Like it. It is weird. And I played the game, played the game for a long time. I watched the game, obviously now since I've been reti since I've been retired and still can't figure out why this happens time to time in the League League because they underestimate the teams. You know, players don't go into the game. Look, do they Think so you look at the Broncos and how they look and you look at Tampa the way they've been looking and you look at these teams like, oh, you, you don't think the Raiders went on the road and beat and beat Baltimore? You don't think they would look at Players Carolina as bad as Carolina has been played over the last 14, 15 weeks.


Absolutely. They look past that team and that's what happens. And next thing you know, Carolina done jumped out, got 21 7, now you got your hands full because they believe they can beat your ass. Same thing with the Broncos. The Broncos jumped out 14, nothing. I think they was like, se one time it was 17, nothing. And the next day. And it's like, hold on. They're like, hold on, we can win this game. Yeah. Now you gotta fight on your hand instead of coming out there taking care of business early. Right. Ocho, that's what you do. You respect everyone, you underestimate no one, you'll be fine. Right. But you go in there thinking about, oh man, you know, we did blah blah. Okay.


Mm. I know what you did. Oh hell no. Oh, baker Mayfield 25 or 33. 1 63. One touchdown, one deception. He was sacked seven times. Chris, God would had six catches for 53 yards. Kade Otten seven for 47. Mike Evans had two for 17. Patrick Sartan. That's, that's what that's one of them games. That's one of 'em games. I ha I hate, I hate those games like that. But they got after, well we Know, we know who not gonna beat us. We not gonna let 13 get nothing. Everybody else gonna have to get it done.


Yeah. Well you put your best corner. That's Pat Sartan, you know, he's one of the highest paid corners in the NFL. That's what, that's what you get paid the big bucks for. You, you, you, you take the responsibility of going against opposing teams, number one. And you do what you're supposed to do. He's gonna win some, you're gonna win some, but you make sure you win more than he does. And then that increases our chances of winning. But the Broncos, that's what we do. We go on the road in your house, beat you down. See I brought the lockout and when I brought the lockout you were laughing. B there it is. Brought the lockout. Look at what happened. I mean, you brought the lockout. Y'all went on two after you bought the lockout. Y'all Just happened.


No, I showed the locker last week. We done brought it out. We, we, no, no, no. Went on the road. Tampa. You showed the locker. You showed the locker before the season started. No, I just showed the locker last week. I just got it last week. Coach Joe. That was that. Oh, that wasn't last week. That was two weeks ago. Didn't I just tell you That was last week. You worry about your, you worry about your team, you worry about the Bingos. Oh, we good. Jay Daniels. We good. Jay Daniel. I, I-I-G-I-I guarantee you, you know we got t Higgins back tomorrow night. Right. You know, chase is back. Everybody, you know, we got the, the whole squad, the whole offense is healthy, you know that right. Dan Quinn gonna be dialing it up. Dial it. What That pressure dial, Huh? Allen Payne, Listen, this is not the team you wanna dial up pressure against.


It Is. No, I, okay. You wanna bet something on the game? Nope. Okay. I sure don't. All right. You just need to go ahead and gimme my money. Oh. Oh. You know Money Russell Wilson. Wait, he had an injury now. I don't know what he had. I just know he ain't got a starting job. He's hurt. That's why he didn't have the starting job. So it's, it is different. It's like if there was a competition and, and Justin Fields outright beat him, then the bet was still beyond. Now we didn't have Who's starting quarterback for the Pittsburgh stadiums? Justin Fields. Okay.


That's all I need to know. Giant. First round. No. Are you cheating Giant's? First round, rookie wide receiver. Hey boy, he, the real deal boy Had a brilliant outing. And the team Victor over the Browns neighbor had eight catches, 78 yards, two touchdowns in what turned out to be Jones' best game of the season. The Giants liked giving the ball to neighbors so much that they gave him two rushing attempts and also allowed him to throw a pass. This built off a 10 k, the 127 yard, one touchdown performance last week against the Washington football team. This is what Warren Moon had to say about Deshaun. The lawsuits are affecting his play. You think so?


He don't look, he don't, he look a shell of himself. Right, right. I mean, listen, based on what Warren Moon said, the football field, the football field for me now, it might be different for other players. Whatever is going on in my life, during my tenure when I was playing, no matter what it was, whether it was good or whether it was bad or I had, you know, turmoil with family or whoever I was dating at the time, we might've, might've been arguing, we might've been fighting my safe haven. And my peace was on that grid iron between those, between those lines. Anything that was going on outside in my personal life, once I walked on that field, it all went away.


It all went away. I was on my playground and whatever issues. I know once that game, once that fourth quarter hit and it went, it was zero and that whistle went off. And those issues and those problems, I'm back to reality. Yeah. You have to be able to see my Them lies. Shh. But I don't see nothing Nathaniel, everybody's different though. May, maybe that's just me. You definitely have to be in a situation where you compartmentalize. Mm. I got things going on outside of football. I'll deal with those once I'm outside of football. But when I'm playing the game of football is tunnel vision. My brothers the coaches. That is the most important thing.


They got my back. I got my back. I got their back. Right. Once the game is over, you go back and deal with what you have to deal with. I don't know. I, like I said, I've met Deshaun a a couple times. He was cool with me. That's all I can speak to guys. I don't know him. I don't know him know it. So I don't know his mindset and what he's made of. Know his situation. He grew up in Georgia, Gainesville. I know a little, a little bit about it, but I don't know enough to, I can imagine, I can imagine, right. With the allegations that were alleged against him, some of the settlements that, that obviously it changes perception.


It changes the perception of people. Yes sir. How they perceive you Having been on this side of it, you just have to realize people are gonna say what they wanna say, they're gonna believe what they wanna believe. And there's nothing you can do to change people mind. Once a person believes something about you, there is nothing you can do to change their mind. They've already got this perception of who and what you are. And the thing that I've been working on myself personally, I, I ain't speaking for Deshawn. I'm talking about Shannon is like Shannon. They gonna say what they wanna say. They gonna believe what they wanna believe.


You ain't changing nobody's mind. There is nothing you can say. There's nothing you can do to change people's mind. If they have, if people have an opinion of you, that's it. That's it. Ain't nothing you can do. 'cause anything you do, you say, oh Ali, he tried to make you think that he's not this or he's that. Right. So why, why, why even bother? Yeah. You right. Why even bother


Hey there? It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. And every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear them noise. I just come here to play basketball rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is Only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting Better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect podcast network is sponsored by Diet Coke. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball re single day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's braggadocious, she's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game Is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer star, Kabir, Baja bi Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey Of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church. And then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports. Sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast, I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I I had that, I had that mentality of not, not that, not giving a fuck mentality for a real long time. It it ain't matter. I don't, I don't care what you think. You have, you have to think about it. Just a small example. Think about the manner in which I played the game at the highest level. Boy, you used to, you used to get my in man. You used to tell me a new asshole pause when you was with the media. Yeah, I'm, I'm just saying. Well, you well you used to let me have it because I was playing in such a way that you didn't agree with and you didn't see fit. You know? And I never changed. They used to, well, the media boy, they used to lay me out and I didn't care.


'cause I really didn't give a, you know what, you know the Thing I, I felt I played the game the way I would've played. I think if I had changed and conform to how the, how the people and, and the media pundits think I should have played the game, I wouldn't have been happy. I I would re I would absolutely regret it. People ask me today, boy, do you miss football? I say, nah, I don't miss it because when I did play, I played at the highest level and I did it my way. Having fun with a smile on my face. I, you know what, Ocho as long as you didn't get a penalty, I wouldn't have cared. You coulda ordered Uber Eats and they could have delivered you a piece of some wings on the damn field as long as you didn't get a penalty. I didn't care.


Right. The only thing I care just don't hurt the team. I want you to celebrate. I want you to be excited because I know what it takes during the course of the week to get into the end zone on Sunday or given day. Yeah. But let's not forget that the end of the day, our job is to try to win the game. Now we win the game and all of a sudden you get a 15 yard penalty. Now we backed up, we kick it off. Now all of a sudden they get the ball damn near midfield. See, I I, I never, I I wasn't, I wasn't that malicious and never, never got any penalties. I think you owe me. Oh, I know. You know, you got on me. What? When I tried to bribe the referee with that dog. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Even though, even though the, because here's the thing though. Ocho perception is a person reality. You Let me have it Because you know, they already, what did they say? Anytime a call go. Oh, Jerry bought that. Hey, they bought that official. Oh, he must be bent to Parley. Right. So people already believe that the officials are on the tape. Right. All it takes is for one. Yeah. I thought listen, I mean, it was a dollar bill. It was a dollar bill. I was just having a little fun. You know who, who was the, was it Brian Bill? Who was the, who was the head coach for the Ravens then? Yeah, Brian. It was Billy Bryan. Brian Brian. Yeah. Yeah. He threw a challenge fag on a, on a catch. I felt, I felt I caught him.


I felt I caught him. So, I mean, I'm sitting on the sideline and they challenging and I don't know why. It just dawned me, you know what, playing around, I got a dollar bill from somebody just went over to the ref and tried to hand it to 'em. Just, just, just a little nice little like fun. You know, keep the game loose. Keep everybody, you know How much they find you Only, only 30 grand. See, They didn't think It was worth, it was worth though, Because the NFL don't want anything, anybody to think anything, is I, Yeah. Hey, listen, they Let have with that one. Yeah, they did. They let me have it, but, but it, to me it was worth it. They like, just think about it. We in the middle of a game and I threw a challenge fag. And here go my crazy ass trying to hand a dollar ref to gimme the catch. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's fun.


It's all in good fun. And that was, that was, that was just me. Yeah. I, I Just think the thing is, and look, I know Warren, I played, I was in the league when Warren was in the league, went to Pro Bowls together. He was in Seattle when I was in Denver. We played against him when he was in Minnesota. So I know Warren been to a couple of events with him, and I think he has, because Deshaun started in Houston and I think, if I'm not mistaken, I think he still has a place in Houston, even though he might spend some time in Houston and Seattle. But at the end of the day, Deshaun, look, Deshaun, you ain't changing nobody's perception. Even if you go out there and throw for 5,000 yards and 50 touchdowns, people of have made up their mind on who and what they believe Deshaun Watson is.


So at this point in time, you just gotta say f it, as long as the people that you love, they love you, they care about you. That's all that matters. Yeah. That's it, bro. At some point. And, and, and that's what it's gonna have to come down to. If I could share, if I could share with Deshaun anything, that's it. And I'm, I'm learning because I've never, I've never been as popular in as a celebrity as I am now. Ocho I've never had this many people take shots at me. But as I'm, as I'm learning of the thing that happened a couple of weeks ago, they not let people just go make up their body and say whatever they wanna say.


They just going to just make it up. What happened, what happened a couple of weeks ago? Huh? I don't know. I forgot. I forgot. But but that's, that's how you have to approach it though. Ocho you just gotta like, hey. Right, right. People gonna say what they wanna say, you know who you are. Just never let them convince that you're something that you're not. Yeah. And when they take sha and, and, and keep talking about me and, and man, I mean, I see a dude, his podcast is all talking about me. I'm like, damn, I wanna shut up for like a month or so so he could go out of business. Right. Because if I didn't say nothing, he go outta business, don't you? I'm like, well, damn bro, can you create content that doesn't involve me?


I you got a sports podcast, you ain't gonna talk about no sports. Yeah. I mean, a lot of these guys that create content, talking about me, talking about other people, we create content, we talk about the games. We're talking about stuff that happens. Some funny stuff. This girl talking about, you know, she wanted this, she got pregnant from this guy. Oh, it's not yours, but you gonna take it. I'm gonna name him Junior. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Come on back. Come on, come on back. Come on back now. Don't do that. Don't do that. Come again. Wait, who got pregnant by who and Who you talking that one? That, that, that, that, that, that, that, that post I sent you where she got her boyfriend to argue. Oh no.


And she said she gonna name him Junior. Said she gonna name the baby after him, but it's not his. Wait, let me get this right. Let me, let me get this right. So they go together. She stepped out and cheated on him. Yes. She got pregnant by the person she stepped out on him with. Yeah. And she came back to him and asking him to take care of the baby. That's Not, she said he gonna take care of it. Ain't no asking. She say he going him and she gonna name him Junior. I don't like, I don't like that. I don't like that for him.


We need, we need to find buddy information and save him baby From how We need to save him. All He gotta do is ain't doing it and leave. Well, he, he might have left. I'm sure he gonna see this. Don't do, don't do it to yourself. Don't do it to yourself young fellow. You, you done stepped out and let somebody else cream pa your girl. Man, don't play at me, yo. Come on Ocho, man. I'm just saying. Yeah, that, that's a tough one there now. Yeah, Because it, because here's the thing though, Ocho, if, if there's no, if there's not something left behind you, like, ah, that didn't happen.


But if he'd have left it behind you, you gonna deny that. And then you gotta see, you got, see the baby developing growth nine months and then in the back of your mind, you know it's not yours. But you willing to sit there and take care of something that wasn't yours. And when it was her fault, she stepped out and could have done I Yeah, I I can take care if I come in. You have a baby, you got a kid, got two kids, I can come in. Boom. That happened before I there but it boy. Oh no. Oh no. We, we together, you and you expect me to. Oh no. And you keeping it too Damn ocho you like that.


You gonna, I know you ain't gonna send the girl to the chop shop. Well, she need go to the chop shop or go back to him. But he ain't, you know, I ain't, I ain't, I'm listen, I'm, I'm, I'm no hot commodity, nothing like that. But listen, I understand mistakes happen. I understand mistakes happen. You know, I can give you a little grace or whatnot. But you, you, you keep, you keep it. You, you coming back to me and you keeping it. Yeah. That ain't no mistake. A mistake is leaving. I left my iPad in the back of the seat pocket at the, on the airplane. Right. I, hey, I left, I left my briefcase in the rental car.


That's a mistake. Right. How you mistake? How you mistake and let a dude bogged down? Damn. Shoot up the club. Oh, I pretty, Hey coming play. Hey legs wide open. Oh no. Yeah, just he Wasn't the man trampoline. It ain't no one time. I mean, it, it could be he could be unlucky and had it happen one time, but more time or not, she probably, oh man, he done had her in the book. Oh no. Oh Yeah. I, few times, times Joking. I got hold on. Just Good. Don't throw Don't, don't, don't let it. Don't think about it. Huh? Don't think about it. I know how you feel.


I know how you feel. You okay Man, just the thought. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, listen, you gotta think about it. You talking about just a thought you gotta think about all the times, huh? You was number two. Huh? Think about that. Think about all the times you was number two. It's not, it's not, it's not a good feeling to be the number one guy when you've always been number two for so many years because you understand it's a possibility. You've heard all the games, you've heard all the lies. Yeah. You know the tricks or the trade, you know, everything. So you gotta understand it's possible.


Yeah. It's, it's life Ocho but you Know, and sometimes reality it hurts. What you mean? Sometimes that's gonna hurt every time. Oh yeah. Well, well you don't, The time ocho if you spent time with somebody, Remember what I told you what? Learn and manage your expectations now because based on experience, based on what we've been through already and what we already know based on what we used to do. Okay. Boom. I'm in a different position now. Now I'm in the driver's seat. Yeah. Even though I'm in the driver's seat, I still remember when I used to be in the back seat. So I'm gonna manage my expectation because there's always a possibility.


Damn. My ego ain't that big. I ain't got that much pride to think, oh, can't. Oh No, no, no, no, no. Oh my bad. Everybody can get got. Oh, What? And everybody done got got everybody told. Oh. That ain't never happened to me. No, you just ain't found out about it. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh, this, oh, it's happened. Oh yeah, boy, I ain't, I ain't got no ego. Nah, nah. Never had All my life now. But you know what Ocho what I, the problem that I had, you know girl might had like 17 boyfriends. She know I had, she had 17 boyfriend. I, no, well I ain't say they boyfriend. She had my 17 guys. You know, I'm trying be 18.


Why I gotta be, why I gotta be the one that you wanna poke, walk around with? You know? I like you. So She wanna hold hands? Yeah. Oh, she wanted, oh, she wanna go to the movies. Hold on. Oh, she wanna be seen in public with you? Yeah, but not the other guys. Why me? Right, right. Well listen you, you the safe option, huh? That's what, when women do that, you the safe option. See the ones the the ones where she don't wanna be seen and, and ingest horizontal activity sometimes vertical, depending on how creative he is. That that's the bad boy. That's the ones your mama said don't bring him on to me. I'm just, that's the fun guy. No, think women love women. Love the fun guy. Yeah, but I, the Guy, you know, sometimes if you want a threesome, she'll get that to the fun guy.


But the guy she actually like, and that's a safe option. Oh shit. I mean you, I'm just trying to do, I trying wheelbarrow just like the 13 guy, that's all What I'm trying to wheelbarrow what you ended up, you know, that's all, that's all your, that's all shit was trying to do. I was trying to do nothing else. Oh, she saw that. She saw the potential. Yeah. Saw the potential, you know, Mashing Dash, you know what I'm saying? You see how they run off in the store? Go cho they break the glass. Yeah. Grab a few items to get up outta there. That's all I was trying to do. That's all I trying smash. But now all of a sudden you wanna try to tie me down?


Oh, you want to, you want to kick it with me? You different. I can see, I can see us being together. I don't know how what you got the Hubble telescope? Because I can't see that far. Ain't no man, you out your damn mind. Oh hell no. I dunno how you saw that. No. Hey, that's the, that's the bad part about, about a woman seeing you as, as a partner and having the potential. Because if you the fun guy and they know you're just a fun guy, that's the best part because you get to do any and everything.


If you, the, if you the safe option and you the one that have potential, then you get the, you get the shit into the Stick. I guess I ain't no fun then get the shit in because ain't nobody just wanna have fun with me. Ain't nobody telling me that you're, Hey, ain't nobody just telling me to come over. Hey, you come over. Do what you do. Woo, woo woo. We do Listen, listen, I'm, listen, I'm glad I'm old. I'm out the game. And, and what I'm talking about and and experience is some of the things when, when I was in my younger days, you know, and I, I remember what those days was like, you know, I knew it was like to be the fun guy, you know? And, and the, the the fun guy got just that all the fun. Yeah. Because they didn't take serious.


But why didn? You wanna settle down with me though? Ojo? Why? Why? I gotta be the guy to settle down with. Why you got the home? She me? No, but you, you a safe option, you own. Look what you got going on. You got, you know, but It's always, always feel like that. Ocho I've always been the guy that the girls want to settle down with after they know I know what they've been doing. Why you want to, why you wanna settle down with me? Why can't be like him? That's all I'm asking. Hell no. Hold on. I'm still mad about the chick telling she got pregnant from somebody else and talking about she telling her boyfriend, well you gonna take care of it.


Not asking them, listen. Well, you said it's not a mistake. I'm pregnant, but I'm not gonna terminate it. But if you willing to help me raise it, I would really be grateful. Yeah. Like how do you as, as a, as a, as a, as a guy, how do you, nevermind. Dang. Yeah, I, oh no. Ooh, that make me wanna throw up. Yeah, but I, I mean they, they told me the chance say, oh, you got money. I ain't always have no money though. But I've always, I've always, always been, I've always been the guy o obviously y'all know my situation. Y'all know who I, girl it is well documented. I didn't have no money. But women have women for the most part.


Ocho have really, you had A little money now, huh? Don't do that. You had a little money. No, I ain't have no money growing up. I mean, once my brother about growing up. Yeah. Once my brother once When you was at Savannah State, you, you had a little, you had a look, You had a little change. When my, when my brother, my brother got went to the league in 88, which was my junior year in college. See the women understood that. Oh, his brother in the league. Yeah. Oh, this is the, this is the safe option. This is the opportunity. I'm trying to lock in with him. I don't want to have fun with him because I can see where it might lead to. But see I now the fun guy, you know, where you the fun guy? You know it ain't going nowhere. But see I was, I was hoping, you know, normally, see, you know what it is, Ocho the chance. Say say they look at you as being serious because you don't eat cheeks.


See, if you were to eat cheek, see what I'm saying? I finna, Hey, I finna find one Ocho. I finna pull the curtain back. Hey, you gonna thank your ho say, oh, you looking at the Curtis? Because see they did, they wouldn't take me serious. That's what I gotta do. A man gotta do what a man gotta do. I told you, I told you what and you, hey, what you need to do? I call it, you need to expand your palette, expand your power. And Then they won't take me serious. They're like, oh, you do that. I can't You ain't no husband material. You oh, oh, you, oh no, you, you husband material. Nah. Oh, you husband material. Listen, if you don't do it, if you don't do it, she gonna find somebody that does what?


That Oh, oh Joe. But see my thing was, I'm like, hold on. If we set, if we establish the rules, okay, what, what are we doing? Right? How, how we doing this, right? Are we playing, we playing Big joker, little joker eighth queen, or we playing Big joker, little joker Douce or Dime Douce some play. I just wanna know how we playing the game, Man. See, you could be good at any game if you understand the rules and you willing to win. So all you do is tell me the game that we play in, because I read up on it and I'll get good at it. Right. But Well, you just said a word right there boy.


And I ain't even got my pen and pay, I ain't even got my notepad to write. But you just said a word. Mm. So you know what, I'm sorry. We, we, we, we, we, we, we gonna talk about it a little later. It was one game. Yeah. It was one, one awful, awful game. But, but the offense or the Miami Dolphin Ocho, they were good and terrible today. Third year quarterback was slow to make a decision, which is something that plagued him as a rookie in 2021. That slow processing speed resulted in five sacks. That was eventually he knocked outta the game with a chest injury Miami side signed Tyler Huntley last week. And while he was in Active Sunday, he might have to step into a starting role. Excuse me.


Because Tua is expected that he's on ir. So, which means he'll have to miss at least the next three ball games. Yeah. And, and watch the difference. Watch the difference. And when Tyler hunting comes in, especially even though it's probably be only a week's time, even though there'll be only so much of the playbook that he will be accustomed to based on how much information he can process in a short amount of time before they play again. Watch how different the Dolphins look with Tyler Hunt at the ham watch. Oh, so they they better get this thing. They better fix it in a hurry man. They can't. Yeah. I mean they best around and be over and by the time two, if two does come back, they gonna be so far gone don't show it'll be over.


They could, they could, they could. Ill afford to lose any more games. Right. Because there could be a situation Ocho by the time two gets back they could be O seven. Oh I think they gonna be alright. It's not like they play lights out defense. Right. Their situation is get a lead with that track team. They got it. Skill positions and now we could turn the dogs loose on you. We make it one dimensional. Yeah, but what happens when you can't get a lead and then you don't have Tua that operate that knows how to get the ball to waddle and get the ball to reek and get the ball to those guys. Then what?


It gets ugly. It could Tyler, Tyler, Ty, Tyler gonna make a difference though. I hope so. He definitely gonna Make a difference. He need to make a difference because right now they, they struggling Ocho. Yeah, They're struggling and it help doesn't seem to be on the horizon because like you said, I mean he just got there, got there. Hell, he probably, he probably have to still prob put it in the GPS to get to practice. Yo. Hell No. Alright Ocho, now it's time for Chew and a Hold that. Let use the bathroom real quick. Go ahead.


Sure. Hoop Is he, is that a closet? Is a robe hanging up? Yeah, I'm in the closet. Oh Lord have mercy. I sure hope he wash your hands. I don't hear no water running and use soap too. You one of the ones. Go to the bathroom and just use what? Regular water. Don't put no soap or nothing. There was some good games today, y'all. What y'all think? Oh, we ain't even got a, we ain't talking about Asia. You Huh?


Man, that man got them cheap. Y'all got, you got two of them more cheap hangers up in there. Who? You Oh, I'm in a hotel. Oh, they got, they got me. Hey, they got me in this big ass suite, right, but anything got no desk where I can all put my computer. Oh. So I, I had, I'm in the closet. That's why you see the, you see the robes and the hangers. I'm gonna, it's really dope. So it is like the bathroom and now this, oh no, this good material, this good material this. I think this probably Egyptian cotton. Huh? That's Egyptian cotton.


Like five, 5,000 count. Okay. Oh, before we get to Q&a Asia Wilson, congratulations. Asia Wilson. Only this congratulations. Asia Only the second. Congratulations man. Unanimous. MVP. The first was the inaugural season. Cynthia Cooper was the unanimous MVP. Since then there have never been another repeat unanimous. MVP. That was until today. Asia Wilson, unanimous MVP also OCHO had had, you can make a case statistically she had the greatest individual season in the WNBA history average 27 points.


Average 12 rebounds, average two and a half blocks, two assists, two steals. She shot 50% from the floor. So I thought she took it, I think she took it personal last year. I believe she should have won the MVP last year she didn't. Right? So now she's I think one of three women to win three MVPs. Lisa Leslie did it. Cheryl Swoopes did it. And now Asia Wilson has done it. I don't think she's done yet. I think she's 28 years of age. She's still like just now getting into her prime. I can see her winning a couple more along with a couple of finals. MVP and she was first team all N-B-A-W-N-B-A, which she should have been And.


we have a unanimous rookie of the year selection. Caitlyn Clark. Caitlyn Clark was a unanimous NV rookie of the year. She also was first team WNBA. Now I don't know how many unanimous rookie of the year. I'm sure Candace Parker was a unanimous rookie of the year because she won the MVP that season where she was a rookie. Maybe Maya Moore. But off the top of my head, I can't think of anybody else that probably could have been, like I said, Candace, Maya Moore, maybe Simone Augustus, maybe dt. Yeah, but, but hold on.


Where are the women at now y'all real quiet. Y'all had a lot to say earlier. Oh, Steve. And as y don't know. They talking about she don't deserve this. See what people try to do. Ocho I was having a conversation with the, the guy basic, like now I was saying like Devonte, blah, blah, blah. But anyway, he's like, Devonte, Adam, Devonte Smith is gonna have a better career than you. I said, no matter what type of career a person has, it doesn't diminish what I've already done. See what the women were trying to say is that, because we're talking about Kaitlyn Clark, like it diminishes right? What? Lisa Leslie what? Cheryl Flu What? DT What? No, it does not.


They did that. And it cannot be taken away. Right? Right now, if you look at the games that Kaitlyn Clark went to, attendance dropped by 88% when she wasn't there. Look at the sales. It speaks for themselves. All you have to do is just look at the obvious. Right? And that's it. Dang, y'all make it seem like the girl was a bummed. Look at what she averaged. Look at the amount of cysts. Look at the amount of point. And she got a team in the playoffs as the succeed. But y'all still wanna talk this foolishness She deserved to be on the Olympic team. When you look at some of the guards and their play there, Caitlyn Clark damn well could have, should have been on that team.


And you can't convince me otherwise. But now you ain't saying, oh you well, she's playing really well. That ain't what you were saying then. Now I need you. I need y'all. What y'all know who I'm talking to? I ain't gonna call your name, but you know who you were. Now I want y'all to with the same venom and the same hostility that y'all went on there and y'all was talking about Stephen a and i. I want y'all to run it back.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear them noise. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every single day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's braggadocious, she's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Caitlin Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer Stark Kabir, Baja Bila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey Gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian, now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible. Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I als.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Run it back, run it back with the same intensity, the same ferocity. Now ain't nobody got nothing to say. Say what? Your chest out, sit up nice and tall. This is what I want you to do Bud. Grant once said, said, when you speak at such an auspicious occasion, he said, you stand up nice and tall, you speak nice and loud and you make it nice and short. So when you sit your ass down, people are still like you. So I want you to go on the air and I want you to sit up nice and tall and I want you to speak nice and loud and you ain't gotta make it long. Ain't nobody saying nothing.


Now everybody had a whole lot to say. Why ain't nobody talking? Now create your own platform Ocho. One of the things that why I wanted to do Nightcap 'cause I had a vision of what I, what it could be, right? But I wanted somebody that like, you know what, if we want talk about basketball, we talk about basketball. If we wanna talk about track and field, I say man, I wanna talk. I like track and field. Hey, we gonna do the Olympics ocho, we gonna talk about, we gonna have 7, 8, 9 days. What we talk track and field, create a platform. You can talk about whatever you want to talk about. If I wanna talk about, we wanna talk about the wwe, we could talk about the wwe.


If we wanna talk about the UFC, I could talk about what the Daytona five one, the Daytona 500, NASCAR F1, whatever, Right? I want y'all to run it back and give that one with her props because she brought more eyes than anybody in the history that's ever played in the league. Whether you like it or not, it's fact. It's not conjecture. It's not innuendo. Innuendo. And it's not speculation. The numbers bear it out. Y'all didn't want to give her no credit because y'all thought if we talked about Kaitlyn Clark we're diminishing Mile Moore, we're diminishing Candace Parker we're diminishing Lisa Leslie we're diminishing Cheryl Swoops or Cynthia Cooper or Lauren Jackson or Draf Diana Tara Rossi.


No. Two things can be true. Those players are a great, and Kailyn Clark is the real deal. She ain't hype. She can actually play at an elite level and people need to stop that. You can praise Patrick Mahomes without trying, without diminishing Tom Brady. You can talk about TJ Watt without diminishing Lawrence Taylor. I don't know this notion that you feel that if I ha if I praise somebody, I diminish somebody over here. No, that ain't got nothing do Right? But I need y'all to run that now.


I need, need y'all to run that, run it, run that. Now I know this is gonna make the rounds And. if you think I'm talking to you, I am. It doesn't make no mistake. I am. If you think like, man, I'm wondering if he talking to I am you? Yes, yes, yes. Absolutely. With 100% of certainty. I'm talking to you unanimous rookie of the year. First team all NBA as a rookie.


But she didn't, she didn't earn. Man, y'all need to stop playing. Oh, now we go, Hey, we got, see you had to go to, hey, let's recu the, let's recu the, the graphic. Now it's time OCHO for Q and a. Hey look, how, how you see how big I done got, huh? Yeah, man, you putting on the weight man. I mean, dang ocho Yeah, Yeah. You see it, you see it For the Atlanta Falcons not retiring. Roddy White and Mike Vicks jersey number is a total di is total disre disrespect. I can't understand that the Falcons had too many opportunities to win that game and they blew it.


Like always can't understand that organization for the likes of me. Ocho. Yeah. Do you believe the Falcons should retire Roddy White and Mike Vick jersey numbers? I think it, it would be, it would be a, a great gesture. Roddy White was one hell of a play of boy. Roddy White was hell of a play of a man for the Falcons and, and, and, and had some good days with them. Michael, Michael Vick is iconic figure. Yeah. Retire in that seven would, would, would, would, would, would do just, but what he was able to do in his, in his, in his short time there, in his time in the NFL in general.


But what he did in Atlanta, it was called, it was an experience Called I called lived, called A Michael Vick experience for a Reason. I was there. Smack d in the middle of it, Boy. Well, he was special man. He was, he was special. The city, The, the city was elected Marcus, just A franchise player. A transcending talent at the position. Yeah, most definitely. That's Why I thought they would be interested in Justin Fields because can you imagine, because he has that type of electricity, his ability to run the football. Now, I don't think he, I don't know if he has the arm like Mike, because Mike could throw 80 r that left hand, that tight spiral on the rope. The the flick with the flick of the wrist.


E like effortless. You remember that Monday night? Throw the DJ when he was with the Eagles. Hold on. Did you see how far he did to goddamn play action Face? Yeah, he, that role Boy, he let that thing real, He let it go. But Lainey Ray, Hey guys, it behooves me to this point that y'all and everyone else doubted my viking, that both of you picked the Texas to win. We killed it on both offensive defense three and Oh baby sc. Yeah, Lainey. Hold on. I'm surprised. Oh, you must be watched the game from the bar. 'cause I know you wasn't home watching it, but anyway, yeah, I, I was surprised I picked the Texans and if the Vikings won, I didn't think they would take 'em apart like they did.


'cause I think the Texans are a good team. I really do. And I think most people think the Texans are a good team. But over the next couple of weeks, we're gonna have to play close attention to the Vikings, because the Vikings might be better than we previously thought. Also, especially on the defensive side of football. We know they have the skilled position players. Ocho you know Justin Jefferson, even though Addison is isn't back Naylor, they got some guys that can make plays. They signed Aaron Jones in free agency. Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm surprised that you guys took 'em apart and congratulations. The bikes three and oh look good. Beat two very good teams. They beat the 49 ERs last week.


Now they take apart the Houston, Texas. So Yeah, you should, you, you should gloat a little bit. Here's a door. Gabo, man. Ocho, why you ignore me at the Raiders game, man? You seen, you seen me too and I asked for APIC and you said no and took one look and took one with the guy next to me. That's effed up, man. That's still effed up. I still f with you got Yeah, Ocho. See get him, Isador get him. He, he must, he must have been in the, he must have been in the hands. I can't take no picture. If you up, if you are up in the stand, I, I take one and I gotta keep it moving, you know, I'll be out there all day. I got you next time though, baby. And I love you Dr. Frank l Bellamy said at this point, the only player that deserves $240 million on the Cowboys is our kicker.


Brandon, Aubrey. Hey. He the real, oh Yeah. He hadn't missed from 50 yards. He got what? He's 15, 15, 16 to 16 to start a career. No other kicker has ever done that in the history of the game. And, we know we've had some good kickers, a couple of 'em in the hall and a couple of going, but he's unbelievable. He, but unfortunately it's been a situation Ocho that they hadn't been in a position where he'd done kick a field, make a kick to win the game for him. Yeah. Yeah. He hasn't felt that pressure yet. It's coming, it's coming. This time coming. 34. Bergo said Chad, I'm in Fort Lauderdale, my son is 11 and I need advice on why receiver videos or a place here to take him to learn early.


Oh, if you have any input, cool too. Hey, if, if you are in Fort Lauderdale, go on Instagram. Type in receiver factory or type in Gold Feet Global. They work with the youngins. 11 is a great age too. It's, it is a great age for them to start, receive a factory, a Gold Feet global on Instagram. Get get, give him one of them. Give him one of them. He had, he had a little man write. Hopefully that helps. 34 Virgo, Chad said on Instagram. What is it? Gold Feet Global. Either Gold Feet global or receive a factory. Okay. One or the other. Hold on man. Let me type it in real quick.


Yeah. Gold. Matter of fact, gold Feet. Gold Feet. Gold Feet or type in receive a factory. Either either one, either one to get 'em right. They got the formula now. Yeah. Yeah. Gold Feet. Gold Feet or receiver a factory. They have little man write Master entertainment. Said chat found that OCHO also used to be a punter as well as a wide receiver. That's why, bro, why don't we hear this more often? I mean, I, I thought everybody knew I was a backup kicker in Cincinnati. I was a punter in high school, obviously, you know, because of my soccer background. Oh Lord.


I was a backup punter in Cincinnati. I was the backup field go kicker in Cincinnati. I was the emergency kicker, which is why I had the kick when we played New England. And, and my kick obviously won the game. I mean, you know, it is what it is. I told y I'll be thinking, I'd be lying about all my, my extra endeavors And stuff That I do, you know, in different sports. I I do it all. Baby Maria TV said, Hey, uncle Ocho. I was wondering, what is something a woman said to you that will never forget in your life, good, bad, love y'all. Mm. What is something, what did they say to you Ocho? That trying To think, bro.


And that's, that's a good question right there. I like that one. That got, that got me. Oh, ooh, that's a good one. That one got me thinking too. Now that's a good one. It was a, a blessing and a curse. I mean, I, I took it as a compliment, but I understood what she was saying. Talk to me now. She said, I remember we were sitting down and she just looked at me. Mm. And she said, I hate I met you.


Mm. I said, why? She said, Shannon, I'm never gonna meet somebody. She like you. That's as disciplined as you are. As dedicated as you are. As funny as you are as well spoken as you are. I know that. And I hate that because moving forward, I'm gonna judge every man by you. Come on. That's a word. Word right there, boy. And I just re and I just remember thinking like, damn.


Mm, that's a word. That's a word. That's All I could say was like, I'm sorry. Right. Hey, that sound, that that little scene that sounded like a Tyler Perry movie right there, man. Like a lifetime, like a lifetime scene. I like that. That was the one that that played that, that song Trust by Michelle Indego cello. Oh, that's why you like it so much. Ah, okay. Okay. That but the a that song man, it was like, and you know, look, it's happened. I mean, I've been in situational No, cho you know, I told you the story. I said the mind replays what the heart can't delete.


It's on a loop. So The heart replays what the mind can't delete, The mind replays what the heart can't delete because once it's in here, the mind is gonna replay it over and over on the loop. Oh hell no. Hold on. Lemme get my pen. I know they got one. Hold on. That was a good one. The heart replays with the mind can't least boy that, that's a good one.


Boy, the heart replace with the mind can least The mind replays. That's what I said. The The mind replays Replays with the heart can, It's though one, they, you know, sometimes you, you go back and like, what could you have done differently? What should you have done differently? And you know, I think the thing is for me, Ocho, God put me in this situation. He has me exactly where he wanted me to be. Right, Right, right. He doesn't make any mistakes. So who am I to question that I should have done something differently or I could have done something differently?


Hmm. Man, that was a word. Terrance, you said, Hey guys, can you do me a big favor? Help me. Wish you my amazing wife, Sarah. Happy 12th anniversary today. I'm a lucky, lucky man. Terrance, we gonna got you, Sarah, your hubby of 12 years says, you know what? He won't wish you a very, very special happy birthday that you guys have been to. You have been married for 12 years. They've probably been together for at least 15 to 16 years. And he says he's a very, very lucky man and I believe it. And so on your day, the anniversary, Enjoy.


That's it. That's it guys. We want to thank you for joining us again for another very special episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite up Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the Route runner extraordinaire. Liberty City's on a bingo ring of Fame honoree, a pro bowler at all pro, the legendary Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But just call him Ocho Guys, do us a favor. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber matters. And, we thank you for mattering. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier.


We do have it in stock. And. if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you can order it And. we have it in stock, it'll get right to you. Go check out my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. It's pinned at the top of the chat. The and OCHO ts are back in stock. I repeat Unc and Ocho ts are back in stock. If you ordered merch in the last three weeks is shipping this week, which is tomorrow, starting tomorrow. So I guess that would be next week. So next week. So thank you guys for joining us. Really appreciate it. We'll be right back here tomorrow night. Tomorrow night is a double header. Monday Night Football, the commanders travel to Cincinnati.


What's the other game? Jacksonville and Buffalo. So there are two games tomorrow We'll be here to talk both of those and a lot of other subjects. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's ocho. We're out. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Hey There. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke. I'm Kerry Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs A foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by El Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I Am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. For some former NFL players, a new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightaway. He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.