
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code nightcap underage, self prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to different places for listings, pre-approval and financing. But Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. Everything you need, all under one roof, every home@oneaddressrocket.com. The new home for all things home ownership. Rocket on the dream.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen, good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas v. Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both greed teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to. Probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.


This is Ashley ANet from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer Beatles. Cinderella's advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple first time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sports book. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at draftings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up. Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweet details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard test. If you have had Aden have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family degree of colorectal cancer, the Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 have estimated based on a large clinical study of patients 50 and older, false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


The magic continues. Get ready for an all new bonus episode of Patino Red Storm Rising. Only on Vice tv, vice Sports says follow Coach Rick Pitino in the St. John's Men's basketball monumental season as they won the Red Storms First Big East regular season title in 40 years on a favorite to win their first conference tournament championship since 2000. The series captured the teams in working and pat's old school coaching style as it takes a candid look at the highs and lows that Mark Pitino storied career as he returns St. John's to prominence in his New York City hometown. Cameras followed Patino and the Red storm on campus to alumni and booster events, press conferences, private settings in-game huddles, pre-game halftime and postgame locker rooms, on road trips in coaches meetings and NIL discussions to name a few.


The high stakes bonus episode will offer viewers a review of the red storm's performance in the NCA Men's basketball Tournament leading up to the final four. The Patino Red Storm Rising finale airs Thursday, April 3rd at 10:00 PM Eastern only on Vice tv. Go to vice tv.com to find your cable channel. Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network Today.


Y'all know me. Your favorite up Shannon Sharp, that guy. Number 85, the Liberty City legend. The bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. Yeah, I'm reading these kind of fast 'cause I am so pissed at the Lakers and LeBron James. Mainly LeBron James. Guys, make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for joining us tonight. Thank you for all the nights that you joined us. Thank you for your continued support. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock and if you cannot find it and a city or a state near you, order it.


We will ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Sheha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour went on sale this morning. Our eight stops are Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, New York, Chicago and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. Link is also pinned in the chat.


Guest line up is looking really, really good. You guys don't wanna miss out on this. Go get your tickets now. We've got Ryan Coler joining us little later talking about, I can't wait for that one. That comes out centered. But first the Lakers snatch victory from the jaws of defeat. No, lemme take that back. They snatch defeat from the jaws of victory, right? Yeah. Had a lead with 12 seconds. They're up five. LeBron Gamble and he's been gambling all night and he's been getting away with it because they've missed Yeah. And that situation, you don't gamble. The only thing that could hurt you is a three. He gave up a three, Now you, now you're up two.


Okay. He gave a lazy pass to Officer Reeves. Now you're down one with six seconds. Officer Reeves makes a fantastic play. And guess what, Josh? Giddy from half court knocks the ball. This one's on LeBron. Yeah, this one's on LeBron. He has not played well now he got the tip in last night and it bailed him out because he didn't play well against the magic he was or three from the three last night or three from the three tonight or seven from the three. He was nine of 20. No, he was eight of 20 from the floor. Go check what he was last night like four 14. This won't get it done.


This was a game. They had the game ocho. Yeah. 12 seconds. You're up five. Why would you gamble in that situation? Why listen. And then why would you give a lazy pass in that situation right up on your own goal? Come on man. I just don't get it. I don't get it. I don't know what's going on. But he has not played well the last three games to tip in. Not withstanding, but you go back and look at it. It is what it's, I'm not saying anything that anybody that have watched the Lakers over the last three games is not thinking or not thinking, but unfortunately a lot of them don't have microphones so they can't say it.


Right. But what I'm saying is what you've been thinking, this one is on LeBron 44 effing points in the fourth quarter. Normally OCHO is the third quarter. Yeah. Quarter. Yeah. Tonight they held the, the Bulls to 17 points in the third quarter. Yeah. Only to give up 44 in the fourth. I've tried to look at Josh Giddy and LA and Warter guarded LeBron Josh Giddy again had another triple double. The other time they played him, he almost had a quadruple double, triple double. Yeah. He was two steals away from a quad double tonight.


He had a triple double and he guarded. LeBron worked to guarded LeBron and LeBron just was was perfectly Ted to stand his ass in the corner. Yeah. Okay. Lu, can you do it? Okay Officer Reve, you do it. Yeah. That's not good enough. But, but, but listen, I, that's the point of, that's the point of having to supporting cast. That's the point of having to support a c to bail you outta situations like this when you have a bad Game. They've been bailing him out the last three games. But that's only three games now. That's only, that's only three games. Think about, think about. He's been out for two weeks. Yeah. Okay. I, yeah, I under, I understand. Okay. But he's, he's, he's been out for two weeks also coming back on for injury. So are we understanding maybe not he's In the game. We we are not doing that.


We are not doing that. No. Okay. Go court. I see 23 with Bro James on the back. Right. If he's not healthy enough, sit down. Yeah. But what we're not gonna do is make excuses. We don't do that here. Right. All right, well listen, he, he hasn't played well the past three games. He hasn't. They had, they had it in the game. They had it in the bag tonight. Obviously the game of basketball being the game of runs. It was up and down. I thought they had the game sealed. I'm not even gonna lie to you. I thought they had it sealed towards the end Five with 12 seconds. Exactly. Exactly. But I'm just trying to figure why would LeBron in that situation gamble. Right. Why would he gamble and leave a three point shot? I mean, he left the guy open. That's a, that's a shoot round three.


Right. William was wide open. Why in that situation? That's what I don't get. LeBron has too much basketball IQ to know in that situation. Ocho it's kinda like a corner. Yeah. Why would you gamble in a situation like that when you are up for, why would you try to take the slant away and the dude runs the slow in this situation? Brian, you don't need to gamble. Right. Make him run time. If the guy hit a tough shot, so be it. But you keep, give him a wide open three. You can't be lazy on a bounce path under your own goal. Giddy gets it fired the back to Kobe, Kobe White. He nails a three. What was a five point lead with 12 seconds? You find yourself down one with six seconds.


Yeah. Every starter for the Laker was minus had a negative plus minus Kenny Smith minus 10. LeBron minus 10. Jackson Hayes minus nine, Luca minus one, Reeves minus 10. Everybody that came off the bench, they played four guys was plus, plus nine Vanderbilt plus 13 Vincent plus three Godwin plus or five Connect. Even though he didn't score a point. Another thing, guys, you turn the ball over Finn Smith. I know you're upset because who caught you worked to caught you with an elbow. Yeah. But if they didn't call it, you can't push the man in the back.


They gonna call a fire Every time. Godwin, you can't shove the guy even though he shoved you. They didn't call a fire. You shoved him in the open court. Yeah, they gonna call it Every time. I think Y y y'all, I mean, ain't nobody gonna fight. Why you shoving? Y'all not gonna square up. All you're doing is giving the ball right back to him after they got a field goal. Right. I mean that was that. Hey, I, I, listen, I've only been around JJ a little bit at EFPN. Yeah. But I know he losing his mind. Oh yeah. My more, wait, I, you might be losing your, you might be losing your mind a little bit more than JJ No, you Can hear, I promise you're not. I promise you I'm not because it's, it's, it's the mistakes like that.


But see, he's not gonna tell LeBron what he needs to tell LeBron and that situation, LeBron, you can't do that. You can't gamble and then turn them ball over and then nobody picked up Giddy. So you gonna let him get So you gonna let the guy, how many times OCHO do you think guys practice half court shots? Right? You know what, I don't think they, they don't practice no damn half court shots. They play around doing them. That's what I'm saying. Bet money higher. I I promise you if Steph Curry is shooting the ball from the tunnel. Yeah. Luca, if Luca, if all these guys that could potentially take a shot at the end of the game is take, is practice.


If, if doing horsing around with that shot. Yeah. That, that's not as, that's not as, because how many times have we seen him make that shot this year? So ain't nobody gonna make the guy pick the guy ball up. You gonna wait till he get to half court and then try to jump. It's too late. He's already got into his shooting motion. Yeah. And listen, that, that game was good. Unc, I I know you upset about your leg is losing. But that game was a rollercoaster towards the end. The leaguers had it. They were five. That was the Fight thing. You give up 40, you give up 44 points. Four Yeah. In the fourth quarter. And listen, that's, yeah. That, I mean, defense has been their issue. That's been their, their achilles, he the pass, the pass three games, not only defense, but getting beaten, transition being lazy.


You know, I'm, I'm not, I'm, I'm I'm not No I'm not Doris Burke or George Ano, You know, to be sitting here talking, talking like, I know, I know the game of basketball like that, but I, I got 2020 vision. I could see how Many threes they give up in the fourth quarter. Ash. They had to give up like seven threes. And a lot of 'em was uncontested Not closing out. Hey Josh, Josh Giddy. Josh Giddy. Nice bro. They traded Josh giddy for Alex Caruso. Oh, hey Everybody. Lemme ask you.


Everybody's nice against the Lakers Bulls were 11 for 14 from three. Ooh. In the fourth quarter. Listen, what, what, what are, what are the ch what are the chances I'm gonna, I'm, I'm I'm say it like that. What are the chances? Go 11 for 14 in the quarter that where it matters most. A lot Of teams can go 11 for 14 if you let them shoot, shoot around threes where they just going getting to their shooting motion where Where're not contested. Yes. Oh. That's why I said you don't realize how skilled these guys are. Go sit around the game and watch them shoot the ball and then you are like, damn.


You are more surprised that they miss than when they make it Make it right. Because you see them guys that I'm talking about, they hitting 7, 8, 9, 10 shots in a row from the three. I mean, what do you expect to happen? You turn the ball over, you get lazy. You gamble, you take unnecessary risk that you Right. You don't even need to take that risk. I don't even know why bro would even put himself in that situation. Right. Ah, And then, You know, they put the ball in Luca hand, three shots after the row.


He missed a shot. Yeah. Missed a shot in the fourth when they could have got some separation and then they come down and just, hey, just like all of a sudden like, okay, we got the game one and just stopped playing. They, they probably, they probably thought they had won. If you look at everybody's body language, we think we got the game won. I mean, but oh, You know, you gonna have games like this. No, no, no, no, no. Not like this. You don't like this? Nah. When LeBron James and Luca Dodge on the court, you should not have two high IQ basketball players like that. LeBron knows better. Why would you gamble? That's what I need.


And I, I just, I hope a reporter ask him, LeBron, in that situation that you gave up the three ball in the corner to Williams, why would you gamble on that situation? See, do your ocho, if I get beat doing my job, I was doing my job. You gonna live with that? I'm not going to get beat doing someone else's job because everybody's looking at you now. There ain't nobody gonna say it, but everybody's like, well damn, Brian had that been somebody else you like, huh? Stop look and some and some time. And Lucas gotta stop this damn complaining, bro. Yeah, it's annoying as f oh To what do you He's always in that Every time Luca, every time you're not getting fouled.


Right. You are not. And you gotta get back everybody, LeBron, you gotta get back. They sitting there talking about he foul me. Well, they're not gonna blow the whistle once the guy got the ball and head up the court. Yeah. Now they're playing five on four. They're playing five on four. They get a a three in transition or they get an easy basket. Come on guys. Yeah. I don't know. I don't listen. I I think you gonna get games like this. You say it shouldn't happen with two players on the court like LeBron and Luca.


Obviously mistakes happen. The game of basketball is, I don't know if you, you can't really compare it to football in a, in a, in a sense, maybe fatigue. You say don't make no excuses. I'm not gonna make no excuses. But if you have a game like this, you have players like LeBron and Luca playing this bad on a road game. A stretch of road games with a, with a, with a lacking effort on defense. Defend and getting beat in transition. Well, the last thing they think it Gotta be gotta be something wrong. I'm not gonna make no excuses, but it has to be something wrong. Ocho. What good if you complaining and hey, they run a pick And you jumping it up and down. I talking about he picked me ref. He picked me ref and Chase got the ball running down the field.


He ain't finna throw the flag. Now if he didn't throw the ball, he didn't throw the flag at the point of contact. He's not finna throw it once the guy got the ball and running down the damn field. But you gotta understand, this is something Luke's been doing since he was in Dallas. This ain't nothing new. Yes. Ain't nothing. But he doesn't, he, I hope at some point in time he's gonna have to realize bro. Right. You putting our team at a disadvantage because while you're standing there complaining or you're sitting on the floor, they're on five floor transition against us position Right Now. We don't wanna give up a layup. But now we're giving up. Now we're giving up transition. Guys are just walking into a wide open three Un understandable. That's, that's, that's Something. It it has not happened often, but it's happened.


Yeah. This one's on LeBron and he knowing him, he's gonna say it. That's on me. I gambled gave up a three. I got lazy with a pass, gave up another three and he should have met, he should have met before Josh. Giddy. You gotta make him pick the ball up. Right? You gotta make you don't let him because somebody go straight. Once he gets into a shooting motion, it's over. Yeah. They got Kobe White out there looking like Kobe Bryant for the second game in a row against the Lakers. Hell, he played great against the Nuggets too. The other night. He was sensational against the nuggets.


But LeBron, I mean LeBron had more field goal attempts than points last night he was four 14. He had 14 points the other night against a hoodie. They played Orlando, didn't he play Orlando? Same thing. Yeah. This is embarrassing loss. This is a, this is a No, seriously, this reminds you of the Orlando magic loss. They had Orlando beat the whole game. They horse jived around and then they let Franz Waner hit a three at the end of the game.


Point one second on the clock, boom, you Lose game over. Same thing. Now You could have been like, maybe in the third spot, you gonna be kicking yourself in the ass when you find yourself in the sixth And you messing around and slide all the way to the seventh And you in the play in And you should be getting rest. And Now you one win one, one or two losses away from being outta the playoffs. Playoffs. Yeah. I I I don't think that's gonna happen. Yeah. That that's not gonna happen. Yeah. I mean you got, I mean, officer Reeves was 10 or 17. You got Jackson Hayes with nine of 11. Vanderbilt was three or four. Gabe. Vincent was three or six. Godwin was three or four.


The bench play, look, the bench came in and gave you 20 16, 23 points. 23. Finnie Smith didn't give you much. He gave you three. LeBron assisted the ball. Well, he had four turnovers that, that last turnover really hurt. Hurt. Yeah. He gave, You know, you gave up a three. Well, I mean that last sequence, that last 12 seconds. That's It. It was bad. It was bad. Listen, as bad as it was for the Lakers, if you're a fan of the game of basketball, it it would, it it was, it was, it was a thing to see, Oh, it was a great game. I mean, If you like, If you like basketball ojo Yeah. It, it, it was a thing to see now stuff like that. It's what it get you coming back to watch more, even though the ending won't be as exciting as that was.


That was, that was nice. That was a, that was a great ending.


Everybody loves a challenge, right? What if we challenged ourselves to grow our savings by the end of the year? If you stop for coffee every day on your way to work, why not put the same amount to your savings account when you open the chime checking account, you are one step closer to a better financial future with no maintenance fees and fee free. Overdraft up to $200. Making progress has never been easier. And if you want access to your pay before payday, you can use my pay to get up to $500 with no mandatory fees or interest. Learn more@chime.com slash Nightcap. When my kids were in college, they seemed to be overdraft their account at least once a month. My daughter would overdraft her account. By the end of the day, they would be embarrassed because they know how I felt about financial responsibilities and the fees were ridiculous, but mostly because they were embarrassed. Join millions of CHIME members who are working on financial progress. Again, no monthly fees or maintenance fees. Fee free overdraft up to $200, up to $500 of your pay before payday with no fees, no interest. And Chime offers 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime. Open your account in two minutes@chime.com slash Nightcap. That's chime.com/ Nightcap. Chime feels like Progress Banking services and debit card provided by the Bank Corp. Bank NA or Stride Bank, NA members FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply fees. Apply it out of network ATMs. My pay eligibility requirements apply. Credit limits range, $20 to $500 A $2 fee applies to get funds instantly. Chime checking account required. Go to chime.com/disclosures for details.


This is Ashley Ti from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast. Don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well, that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean, it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the murano's massaging leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


You know, buying a home used to be a huge headache. You had to go to a bunch of different places for listings, pre-approval for financing. It was exhausting and confusing. But now Rocket is putting everything you need in one place. rocket.com, a single seamless home ownership platform to help you find, buy, sell, finance, even refinance your home. You'll find smarter tools, personalized dashboards, realtime insight and more. All the things you need to make that kind of informed decision that can make the big difference for you and your family. So whatever you're buying your first home managing home ownership task or unlocking equity for future opportunities, there's only one destination that has everything you need. All under one roof, every home at one address, rocket.com, the new home for all things home ownership. Whether you're buying or refinancing, you have to just look because it's all there. Rocket on the dream.


Ocho, it's been nearly two months since Luca was traded from the Mav to the Lakers, despite stating that he had nothing to do with the trade. Former Mavericks owner, mark Cuban, has received flack from fans. Cuban responded to a Facebook post criticizing him and revealed new details about the Mavs. I made money two out of 23 years when I was the majority owner, lost hundreds of millions of dollars I fully expected to run basketball. The NBA wouldn't let me put it in the contract. They took me out of it. I thought the Addisons would stick to their word because they didn't know the first thing about running a team. Someone obviously changed their mind.


Ocho. Yeah. Guess what? It's kind of like me and Shehe Media. I don't have to run anything by anybody. Right. You made the call. He made the call. He's not the majority owner anymore. Someone else is. They don't have to. He said he thought he was running basketball operations. Okay. When I paid, when somebody else is the majority owner, oh, They make decision. I changed my mind. You're not running basketball operations anymore, Right? Ain't nothing you can do and be it. Look, at some point in time being mad ain't gonna change nothing. No, absolutely not. The trade is happen. It's over. You have to get over it.


You have to get over it. I don't know. I it doesn't make any sense to be mad at anybody at this point in time. You can still vent about Nico Harrison said he shouldn't have happened it. Right. But y'all think Nico would've made this trade without the owner's blessings. Yeah, absolutely not. Do y'all understand how this worked? It's just like the first round draft pick or you paying somebody. You think Mike Brown did not sign off on giving chase this money. You don't think Mike Brown signed off and giving Joe Burrow this money? Yeah. When it goes to that level or that thing going to the top of the flag pole. Oh yeah. At the middle. Yeah. This Not a g this is not a a a a football operations. This is Mike Brown saying, okay.


Yeah. I mean, listen, there's a pecking order and everything, huh? Yes. And everything before the decisions are made. Unless you're the top dog and the one who cuts the checks and your name is on the check, there's always a pecking order and everything goes as follows before decisions are made, especially important like that. Yes. But I mean, it's, it. Look, Cuban has made it, but Cuban said he, he said he would've never done done the deal. Right. He also said that look and, and, and go back and listen to the interview. What he was taught. I sat down with him this summer and he is like, look, he's going look to move the team because he don't, his kids, he don't want them.


That was his goal. That was what he wanted. Right. He don't want his kids to be under that kind of pressure. And he said, if you notice venture capitalists, big business that have other things, they can build casinos and they can increase other streams of revenue. Revenue. Yeah. Said I've lost money to I've made money. Two of the 23 years of which I've owned the team lost hundreds of millions. Yeah. It's not how much you make, How much you can keep. It's when the Uncle Sam comes and eh, or in this situation where he's losing money, they like, but you a billionaire. What?


Billionaire? You know, like losing money. They trying to make it. Yeah. Yeah. They trying to lose it. So I don't, I don't, I don't get why they're upset at Cuban. He's not the majority owner. Right. You can, I I don't know why you're mad at Nico because he had the owners Dumont. I think that's his, he's the son-in-law of the Addison Addison's family. The the wife. Sheldon rest. Just so Mr. Addon, he died, left it to his wife. I think Dumont is the son-in-law and he's running it. But they purchased a majority of share from Cuban. Right. This deal with Luca, you think if, if somebody moves, I'm trying to think who Giannis.


You think they can move Giannis without the owners' blessing? Oh No, Absolutely. You think they can move Aman without the owners' blessing? They trade the top five player in the NBA. Yeah. And y'all and, And then tell though, And you He he had no idea. Most of the, most of the time players of that magnitude. Unc, if I'm not mistaken, no management and, and, and those that sit in, in, in the higher seats and high positions, they let You know, maybe not publicly, but behind closed doors. Listen, we thinking of moving you on or they let your agent know We thinking of moving on without you. Yes. We looking And we thinking about going in a different direction. Right. But why All the time. But this is one, this is one of the few times where it it out the blue.


It even surprised him. Hell, let's surprise me. Look, there could have been that many people that have that known because it didn't get out. Yeah. You're not gonna tell 5, 6, 7, 8 people something and it not get Out. Get out. Yeah. Especially like that though. Something like that of that magnitude, You know, You know, folk can't hold no water, man. No, of course not. Yeah. I mean at the end of the day, whoever owns the majority Right.


That the controlling interest. So that's just like, well, what's going to, I mean, this is one thing. It's like the Cowboys, everybody knows. Don't nobody blame anybody else for anything but Jerry. Yeah. Because Jerry controls everything. One person, James, James Harden, spoke to overtime about his career and had this to say, let's take a listen. Ocho. Yes sir. You're 35 years old, but you're still bawling out. What is your secret to longevity Work? I don't feel like I get, I get enough credit for the work that I put in. You know, people wanna talk about everything else that they honestly do not know about.


But in honesty, the work is being put in and if the work isn't being put in, then these, these opportunities won't be happen for me. So like I really love the game of basketball, You know, it's gotten me to a point to where I am today. That's priority number one. And now I'm getting older. So like for the proper like eating and, and sleeping and the recovery aspect is very, very important. Which I've been on top of like anything in life, you put the work in and You know, the results is bound to happen. And sometimes you put the work in And I got bad. I have bad games, but You know, more times than not, You know, good things are gonna happen. Oh, Joe, I tell people this all the time. Yes sir. Some people say, well Shannon, what hard work? I said, no. I said, hard work doesn't guarantee you anything. Right. I said, well without it you don't have a chance. No at all.


And and and, and he mentioned it as he's got older, he had to work harder, he had to change some things. He changed his eating habits. Habits. Yes sir. He probably doesn't go out as much or if he does go out, he doesn't stay out as long. Things have to change. You're not the same. Yeah. As We start age, age, especi, older age, you might think it, but the body, Yeah. You can't, you can't see it. You know, especially elite athletes like the James Harden. Yeah. And you don't see it in your game. You never see it in the game. You think everything is still the same, but everything changes as you get older.


I'm sure his numbers don't look the same as as as they once did when it was in his prime. No, because he doesn't have the ball like he once did. He's not reliant. Because you gotta realize he went to he when he went to Jersey, Brooklyn. Right. He got Katie and Kyrie. Oh that's too Much. Okay. He goes, he goes to Philly and he has do and bead. So now he's not, now he has Kauai, he has pg. Yeah. Now he has Kauai and Norman Powell. Yeah. So he's not asked to do what he once did where he was the entirety of the show in Houston. Right.


He's 11 time all star, three time scoring champ, two time assist champ. Seven time all NBAA. He was an all rookie selection. He was a 20 11, 20 12 sixth man of the year. A 2017 18 MVP and a member of the 75th anniversary team. Yeah. Impeccable resume. I have a Question. Go ahead. I have a question. Spike James Harden, based on, based on the resume and all the accolades that you just named one again, I think to, to me one of the greatest scores of all time as well. Yeah. He is Hall of Famer. Yeah. Alright. Right. Regardless, regardless of having rings. Yeah, he's, well he's an all time great. Okay. That's why he's a member. He's not a member of the 75th anniversary team for no reason.


I mean you look at the numbers, what he's put up, he's a scoring champ. He's an all NBA selection. He's an all allstar Right. Two time assist champ. Yeah. He's very deserving. He's one of the top 75 5 players. Okay. Regardless if he has a championship. Okay. But I think like in a situation, You know, look, people try to say it's just rings. It's not just rings because if it was just rings, the Celtics would be littered with goat players. Right. Because they have players that have more rings than anybody. Russell has more than anybody. Right. They have another three guys that have 10 rings, several other guys that have eight or nine rings. Nobody ever brings those guys up into the goat conversation because there's other things also All NBA selections.


All star selections. Right. MVPs rings. Yes. When it comes into, when you, because OCHO as you go up higher now Yes sir. It's, it's more things that we gotta pick from. Right. So now as we go up, it's like, damn, okay. Rings okay. We even all NBA election, we even Right. All stars, we even defensive player of the year, things like that assist Got it. Scoring all of that factors in. So it's not just one thing, it's not just rings. If you just wanna make it about that. Well it's Russell, Russell has more rings just as many MVPs, but not, Kareem has six regular season MVPs and people don't put him in the goal.


I think he's the probably the guy that gets undervalued. But all being get undervalued. If you go back and look at Wilt has more 50 point games than the next six guys combined. Damn. Yes. And I mean, wilt got records, ain't nobody gonna ever break. They talking about what records? Unbreakable wilts, ain't nobody going to average 50 and 25 for a seasonal. Joe. Ain't nobody, that ain't happening. He averaged 27 rebounds for a se an entire season. He once played 48.2 minutes for an entire season. So he played all the entirety of the game. Not gonna be broken.


But James Hart, You know, I don't think he gets enough credit because we look at his body and it is not, he not sculpted, he don't got shoulders like the white. Right. Right. He ain't, You know, aesthetically like LeBron. But for him to play at the level that he's playing at for an extended period of time, he has to be doing something Consistently at that consistently. So what we got, Brock Purdy says he is about, about 40% of the time, he's not able to see his intended target on throws down field due to the size of the lineman in front of him. He talked about how important it is knowing coverages scheme and knowing where his receivers are supposed to be.


How common is this? Is this typical for quarterbacks who aren't very tall? Yeah. Yeah. Drew Brees I happens all the time. Huh? All the time. Drew Brees. Yeah. Make Mayfield. Russell Wilson. Russell Wilson. You Have to throw between the linemen trying. You have to, I'm trying, that's what they call it. Throwing lanes. Yeah. And you gotta, And you, you have to anticipate as well. Yes. I mean it's, it's been, remember Doug Flutie? Hell when Doug Flutie played? Yes. Well, how, what? Think trying to think what you think Kyle Murray sees Man. What, what? That's, I couldn't, I couldn't think of it. Kyle Murray. Hell, half the time he probably looking at his live with ass.


Who, who, who else is short? Huh? Who else? I know everybody. Kyle Drew was short. Baker Mayfield is short. Short Russell Wilson. Yeah. I said Russ. Trying to think who else. Tua. Oh yeah. Two, two is two is not, not not that tall. Uhuh. Bryce Young. Okay. Bryce. Bryce is short. Yeah. Bryce. Bryce is, Bryce is in that boat too. But You know what, don't yo, I've said that if I got 50 million, yeah. I wouldn't have said it before. I wouldn't said, but anyway, listen, the fact that he did say it, he's still in a good position anyway.


'cause he is already put in the small sample size of work. Well he gonna get his money anyway regardless. Right. But the fact that you've been able to do what you've done Yeah. Even though you couldn't see 40% of the time. I mean it could, it can work in your favor too. Yeah. Yeah. I mean look, Mike Vick wasn't the tallest. Johnny Manzel wasn't tall, Young. No, not at all. Not at all. It's how tall is Herz? It's not like her six five. Wait, he's probably an average height. Probably six one. Yeah. Jay Jayden got, Jayden got a little height on him though. How tall Is that? Jay Daniels?


Jayden tall. He about six three. Yeah, But Ocho but he's six one. His offensive line is six. Six. Yeah. Who be seeing over? Yeah, you Right. But You know one, once you drop back, Everybody gonna be Josh Allen. Yeah. Everybody, you gotta think, you gotta think also in today's game, especially with the offense that that that we're seeing And we seeing now most of the time quarterbacks in the gun. Yeah, for sure. Most, most of the time quarterbacks in the gun. So you are already at an advantage if you are a short quarterback anyway, then now it all all comes down to you processing and having anticipatory skills and when to get the ball out and hoping your receivers Right. Get open Ocho packer safety.


Xavier McKinney started this course today when he tweeted. Nepotism is always okay and justified unless it's a black man doing it, then it's a problem. You mo fold are corrupt and brainwashed all and, and for all you black folks in the media stock, we can't say that word Ocho, but it's C-O-O-N-I-N-G because they, they'll they'll, they'll, they'll flag us. So they say that's a, that's a racial slur now. Yes sir. So, so we, I've I've had to learn the hard way. Right, right, right. So, but y'all know it's the, it's the trash pander. So he say, y'all stop trashand and being puppies. Right. You ain't tired yet. Damn.


Ocho you agree? Yeah. Come on. We talked about this before. We talked about this before. It's always, it is always a problem. It's always a problem when we, when we do it, when we put, when we put those that are, that are part of our family treating positions and we're in a position of power And we allow them to offend the ladder. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it, it happens all the time. It happens all the time with our, our, our brethren by anytime we do it, it's always an issue. And it brought to the forefront on why we do it because Andy Reid put his son on the coaching staff. Bill Belichick put his son on the coaching staff. Yeah. Ain't no problem. This has been going on for a very long time. For it happens all the time.


Not in just sports, but in the corporate world as well and as well. But it happens all the time. Hell yes. I I But we're the only ones that we're not supposed to do it. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, it, it is frowned upon. It's it's frowned upon. It is. It is. And we listen, we just call a spade a spade A lot of times we be doing it though. They don't, they don't really talk about no Nepotism. Right. They like, Hey, I'll get in position. I'm a And we see it all the time. People get in position, they call their homeboys all the time. Qualifications don't matter. But we understand Ocho, we're not allowed that liberty, we don't get that freedom.


We ain't, we can't be putting no homeboys in there that ain't qualified. Now if my homeboys qualified, we can do it in that all the qualifications. Hey, you gotta be careful. You can't just hire your homeboys Now, You know, homeboy get comfortable. Think they can get away with doing certain things. Absolutely. Not putting the work because, because you cool. Nah, it ain't about being cool now. Nah, we still gotta, I gotta, Whatever it may be. We, we still, we still got work to do now. Man. The Washington Wizards need they butt kicked. Indiana, Indiana scored 162 points In real life or video game.


Yeah. Against the, against the wizards. S embarrassing 162. Now there was once upon a time in the eighties, Ocho it was customary one, you see 1 51 40 games. I mean, I think the, the NBA record, somebody scored I think 180 3 to 180 1 was the final triple overtime. But Listen, this, this, this was, this was a real game. And we not talking about the All-star break. No, we're talking about the All Star game game. A real game. You let somebody score a hundred, 162. 1 62 to 1 0 9. I bet they must have shot, they must have shot threes the whole game. Nah, Washington was terrible. The whole game.


Let's see the words in route for the most points in NB franchise history had the most allowed, they had nine players in double figures. The, the Pacers did, let's see, pull up the box score right quick so we can get this ocho. And they did this on the road. They weren't even at home. Ah. And no player played more than 25 minutes. That's nasty. Hall Had 29 and 25 minutes. Miles Turner had 17 and 21 minutes. Knee Smith had 11 to 19, aka had 13 and 23. And then you just guys just went to work. That's crazy. That's embarrassing. Somebody didn't care. They shot 64% from the floor.


57% from the three. They were 27 to 47, 17 to 19 from the floor, I mean from the free throw line. But yeah, McKinney's, right? Yeah. Jordan blacked out. I mean, I wish my kids wanted to do something and here I could like, look, you start, You know, you ain't got, you ain't got to, You know, send no resume in because Right. You know the CEO tell them who you, who you reference you can see. But listen, hey, listen. When you, when your kids come in, all they gonna wanna do to work. That's What I'm Saying, understanding how, understanding how serious you are about club shape.


They know about Nightcap. They know and understand, Hey, we, this train gotta keep rolling now. Yeah. Yeah. I think you got, you gotta be weary. You gotta be weary. Sometimes your kids want things, but they, I mean, look, they don't, they don't want that want thing hand to I'm tough. I mean, I'm, I'm probably tougher on my kids than I would be somebody else. And everybody knows that that works with me. They know the expectation that I have. Right. Star shh. What did, what did Kayla say? I don't wanna work for my daddy. He yelled too much. Oh, I, I am. Oh you absolutely.


Yeah. And make no mistake, I'm tough on everybody. Hell, if I'm tough on my damn self, why? So what? I'm supposed to be easier to everybody else. I should be easier on myself.


All your renters out there, here's something from Rocket Mortgage you're going to want to hear now. Anyone who's ever rented before knows the feeling you get every month. Your hard earned cash is gone. It's like throwing money away. Even more frustrating is the knowledge that every dollar you spent on rent is a dollar you could have put towards your future. It can make you feel like you're never gonna be able to save enough to afford a home of your own. And that's what makes what Rocket Mortgage is doing. Here's so special. They're helping you put your monthly rent payments towards home ownership is called Rent Rewards. And for the first time, you can save up to $5,000 off the cost of your home just by paying rent only at Rocket Mortgage. If this sounds like something that can make a difference in your life, call 800 for Rocket or visit rocket.com to learn more about rent Rewards. That's 800 for Rocket or rocket.com. Rocket Mortgage LLC Equal housing lender licensed in all 50 states. NMLS consumer access.org. Number 33.


This is Ashley Aade from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try Well with Future Health, you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independence studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


You know when the world gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast. Don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well, that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the daily grind. I mean it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world-class audio system to just transport you to a better headspace. Then there's the Murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Gyp C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland v Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16. I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense. They both GRE teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both elite programs, legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness.


Russell Wilson is coming to the Giants with the expectation that he'll be the starting quarterback in his presser ocho. He said, yeah, I expected me the starter to come in here and be ready to rock and roll every day. Yeah, I think this team is really looking for somebody to lead them every way. Is this a match made in heaven for the Giants ocho? I mean it everywhere. Used to. Remember now Ocho before you go, Come on. They signed. They signed, they gave Jamas two years, 8 million. Russ basically is a one year deal for 10 and a half million. That's guaranteed he can make up to 21 million, but he gotta win. Like what? He gets X amount of dollars per win or something like that as right, like, but anyway, do you see them taking a quarterback with the third?


I think the third pick the third where They pick up. Yeah. Listen, I, I listen, I, I, I don't, I don't, I don't care if they had 33rd. Go ahead. Ocho. I don't care if, listen, I don't, I don't care if, I don't care if they had 37 quarterbacks on, they on they on, they on they roster right now. They taking a quarterback come draft time because there's still no quarterback of the future. Now, whoever they draft at quarterback, they have somebody they can learn from and learn behind for a year before they're put into that offense. And depending on how the play from whoever star, whether it's DeVito, whether it's James Winson, whether Russell Wilson, Man, Devin, stop. DeVito ain't starting, You know damn well DeVito ain't starting. Stop putting That out. I don't say I, I'm just, I'm just, now I'm just calling the names of the people on the roster, baby.


Let me, let me, let me, let me get my point across. But either way it could be, yeah, it could be, it could be Shado, it could be Cam Ward. Okay. They might even surprise us. And, and, and, and pick somebody else. You, you never know, You know how the draft works, right. And sometimes when it comes to their decision making, but either way, I think Russell Wilson probably gonna be the starter everywhere he goes. He's the ultimate, not only competitor, but his approach to the game and willingness to learn the offense and, and You know, obviously be a team player and all, all that good stuff. He says all the right stuff. Yep. So there's, there's a reason why the Giants wanted to extend that grace to him, allow him another year. And I'm, I'm excited. I mean, Russell Wilson, Malik neighbors, they still need to do something with the effing offensive line.


Yeah. And get another, no disrespect to Brother, brother Slaton very nice receiver. You got Malik Nabors, but you still need another Playmaker, the Giant. But I think they brought, didn't bring Slaton back, didn't he back? Yeah, He back. That's what I just said. Okay. They still need another playmaker. I, they, they just played slate, but they still need another playmaker outside of them, You know, to go, to go to go with Malik neighbors and then Slaton that offensive line. Boy, it's abysmal. It's abysmal because, so you, you, you gonna have, you gonna have Russell running for his life. Yeah. Outside of that, there, there, there are so many things they need to address offensively to actually, to actually be competitive week in and week out. Especially when you're bringing a bring, you're bringing in a quarterback.


You, you definitely drafted a quarterback. I don't know who it's gonna be. Whether it be Shado, whether it be Cam Ward or maybe surprised to pick somebody else you might like that you've seen. But the other issues that need to be fixed And I, and to, to me, I would start with that offensive line. Yeah. If I told you five years ago this would Russell Wilson's career, would you have believed it bouncing around like this Ocho you wouldn't have? No. No. Probably not. Not, probably not. Because even, even me as, as a lover and, and, and, and enthusiast of the game and understanding of it, the trajectory in which he was gone was always, to me, he was viewed as the top, the cream of the top one of one of the elites.


Because it was consistent year in and year out. Yeah. Year in and year out. He was consistent. He was a place of comfortability where he knew a system And you just go in there and do what you need to do year in and year out. Now on the back end, things change. I wish Pete Carroll hadn't made that call. You already know what I'm talking about. Yeah. And you would've had two rings under your belt. Yeah, but I think man, Seattle saw something. They saw slippage, Jojo. Ah, oh, ah, Okay. Ojo. He's been on fishing 13 in 30 and three years.


Yeah. Ain't no way around. It ain't no, let's not sugarcoat it. Yeah. He's his third team in three years. Right. It's tough because You know, you had, you learn the Bronco system, you were there for two years. You go to Pittsburgh, you learn that system, you gets harder and harder to keep. I mean, you think about it, it gets harder and harder to learn a system. Yeah. Even though it, because look at bak. Once he got, look, okay, he went to Carolina, he was in the Rams.


Well, we, everybody knew he wasn't gonna stay very long with the Rams. Right. For the same fact to have Matthew Stafford. But look at him now. He's thriving. But he got, he got great complimentary players around him. He got Mike every, he got Chris Gowin, he got nice running back. They did a great job Bucket Irving, they did a great job in the draft with the running back position. Right. Mike Mis, Mike Evans is Mr. Consistency. Chris Godwin went down, but hey, he's back Back. Yeah. That's why I think this support cast matters. Huh. That's why I say it all the time. Yeah, Yeah. Listen, listen. For a quarterback, for a quarterback that may be on the decline where he is not the same as he once was.


If you're a quarterback and you're not in a position And you need those players around you to make you better when you're not the caliber player anymore, to make them actually better, you have to be in the right system. Yeah. Be the right support and cast and everything will take off. It's hard. It's, it is, it is hard to hide your weaknesses when those around you ain't that good. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It is very hard to hide your weaknesses. Yeah. Because I'm gonna make you, I'm gonna make you play to it. Hey. Yeah. But See that's what makes the eagle so difficult. Yeah. 'cause if you take Saquon away, you got two guys outside that can make you pay. You gotta deal with, yeah. So now what, what do they do?


It's like we just go play zone because you can't run the football with what you got behind you, Patrick home. You can't run the football. Right. So now they say, You know what, hey Kansas City say, nah, say choir, we ain't gonna let you do, we ain't Finn let you run outside the building. Right. J says, okay, I'll throw you out the building. I Oh, whole list. That's the thing. It, it's, it's, it's not that complicated. It is really not. You try to take away what the strength is and if somebody beat you with what they says, okay, you just give 'em credit. I mean, if I'm Kansas City, you go to the middle field, say, Hey man, Jalen, congrats man. Good game. You gotta live with that. You gotta live with it. Because if Sequ had run everybody else out the building, he didn't run you outta the building.


Jalen Harris did what he needed to do. He had from 300 yards, but he was accurate and he made you paint. Every time Justin Jefferson is going viral Ocho, he's riding an A TV. And of course fans are afraid that Jet could get injured doing this. Remember Big Ben Berger, do we have it? No. What? No helmet And we don't want, no, I don't wear no helmets or no ATVs, man. Okay. Now as Ben Ro Berger do he wish he had a helmet on, Man, that, that's that. And we ain damn. We ain't got nothing to do with that. See, that's the thing.


See athletes, what makes us great is what makes us fallible because we don't believe it's gonna happen to us. Well, just not, it's not, is not believing. I mean, it could happen, but No, You don't say what you saying. You said don't nobody wear no at TV wearing a helmet. Be so, I mean No, I been, I'm just, let me finish. Lemme talk, lemme talk. Go ahead. I'm from, I'm from, I'm from Miami, right? Yes. I'm from Miami. What do we do here in Miami? We ride ATVs in the city. I've been riding them all my life. Mar Luther. Let me, let me, let me tell you when I do 'em now, I don't do it all the time. Oh. When it was Christmas time, we 50 d Martin Luther King Jr. Parade, we 50 D on Yamaha. Banes, I ride dirt bikes. I've been doing it all my life And I didn't wear, we don't, You know, I ain't never go on Hammonds, but I ride careful.


I'm very safe. All I see is, all I see is him sitting there doing donuts and some sand all by itself. I mean, ain't nothing gonna happen right there, You know, not in that setting. But I, I understand what you mean though. I understand what you mean. You know, you, you said, I mean, I remember when Lamar tripped over the jet skis. Wasn't nothing gonna happen though. Right. How you tripping on them? Jet skis Ocho? Wait, Who tripping on jet skis? Lamar when Okay. He did. You know what they call, You know what they call people that ride motorcycles and ATVs. What? Organ donors. Oh, I ain't, I listen, I ride safe. I've been riding safe. I ain't never had no accidents.


But see it's not you Ocho right? It's the cars. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. They don't anticipate how fast you're actually going and Going and they Don't give a damn about you A a hey, actually, yeah, they, they don't unc but You know what I've always learned? You, You know what I always learn when I, when I do ride on, I ride offensively and defensively. I'm not riding for me when I'm on a dirt bike or Yamaha Banshee, I'm not riding for me. I'm playing scenarios out in my head as I'm going ahead. If, if that makes sense. It might not make sense to you. I be, if certain things, if certain things happen, if certain things happen, I want to be able to process the information fast enough to be able to adjust.


I don't know if drop I, I don't, I don't drive. I don't, don't dunno if you can do that O Joe. Right. I mean listen, I, I, I don't, I mean, I, I did, well I don't do it no more. I don't ride no more. I'm too old now, boy. And then the noise, the engine, the engine noise get on my nerve. You know, you get old, you don't wanna hear that loud, that loud crap no more. I mean, I'm, I'm surprised. IIII would be shocked if the Vikings don't call him. He was doing donuts in some dirt. I don't even doing Nothing. Doesn't matter. I got $140 million tied up in you. A lot of times they put that, that's the same thing when people play basketball. Hey man, I'm just going out here getting me a run. And then you blow your knee out. Then what don't you, when guys was skiing, I went skiing used to be a big thing.


Guys blow their knees out then what? Right. You, you can, The thing is OCHO is that I can't Having athlete, We don't think things that happen to common people because we're doing what regular people don't do. Right. So by doing what other people don't do, we don't think the thing that happened to them can happen to us. So, so why you think Yeah. So what, lemme ask a question. I don't, I don't like that. I think they should be able to enjoy themselves. It's the off season. I think players should be able to do the things they like to do before they made it. I'm sure he was riding four wheelers before. I'm sure Lamar Jackson was riding jet skis before he made it. I think they should be able to enjoy themselves. So what about the guy? So what about the gang members? What about the guy that was robbing people that was doing that before they made it?


They should still be able to do that. Right? Come on man. That's i's I'm just, you compare things. I'm using your logic. You said a person should be able to Do, I said the athletes, when they're in the off season, they should be able to enjoy themselves as long as careful To do what? He should be able to do what he wants to do in the off season. Correct? Yes. Okay. No, I'm talking about the players. No, no, no, no. The players. That's what you saying. I'm saying there are players that did things. What about all these Georgia players that's getting a rep that get busted for speeding. 1 37, 1 17, 1 20. There's nothing wrong with that because it's the off season. No. And they probably been driving like this their whole life, correct?


No, that, that they, they, they're rules that you shouldn't, that rules you're supposed to follow. You're Not supposed to be speeding. You're not supposed to be speeding. That's part of the rules. Ocho. But you, part Of the rules is saying you're not supposed to be speeding. Who said you can Why at TV. Hold on. You should be able to ride the at TV in the off Season. What about with a helmet? What, what about with a helmet? You don't have to ride it. You don't have, You know, there's certain places you don't have to have a helmet on. Right? Mind being one of them. Wherever he is in the middle of nowhere where there's nobody around going in circles. But what about taking precautions Ocho you don't, I mean what about taking precautions? Okay.


Nah, I like, I like it. I understand where you're coming from but no, that's just, that's just being, that's the nitpicking. Hey listen, something can happen to you when you walk out your door no matter what Joe. So can happen to you. You could be driving in your car, you a big Ask question. Are you more active to get into an accident riding 115 or driving 65? What are the probabilities? Right? That's right. No, don't say Right. I'm what you're more likely to Happen. Not nothing. Okay. And listen to what you just said. Going 115 miles an hour or riding 65, what's the probability? 115. The probability is you might get hurt going 115 but going in a circle slow as hell. There's No chance. Ain nothing happening to you there.


There's no chance that thing will roll over. There's no chance. Absolutely No, Absolutely. Absolutely not. Not in dirt. No. The wheels would have to get caught on something. Not on dirt. It's an a TVI All a TV means all terrain vehicle. That doesn't mean anything. Ocho stop. Huh? You're on dirt, you're on sand. I'm telling you, as somebody who's been riding for 30 plus years, all they doing is going in the circle. Ain't nothing finna happen. Come on now Ocho. What chance? I understand. I understand what you're talking about, but come on. Now. According to government website, over a hundred thousand people visit emergency rooms annually due to a TV accidents.


Approximately three to 400 die in a TV accidents per year. So nothing happens. Hey You, hey. Hold on. You should see, you should see what those people doing that's dying. I what? You should see what they, you Said there was nothing can happen on the at TV. We're talking about the video for contacts. He's going in a donut in a circle. Nothing's gonna Happen. So, so lemme ask you a question going in a donut. Has a car ever turned over going in a donut? What did we talk about? We are talking about the video with Jeff. I I know somebody had a at I know somebody. We talking about The video. Jeffers Jefferson. What are we talking about? Hey, hey. You want to tell him what you, when your at TV accident Ash going, going five miles an hour.


Five. Okay. 10 Ash. Don't ash don't not ride. No ATVs Have a ash fell or flipped over, Broke a femur fracture. The rib broke wrist. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What? Yeah, serious. What she ran into? She flipped? No, she rode, she flipped over on herself. Oh, she, Ashley, she ain't never rode before, huh? Huh? Yeah, she, she our Her whole lot a bru as grew up on a farm. I'm talking about a ranch. No, no. Lemme lemme take that back. A ranch. Right, right, right.


10,000 acres. 15,000 acre ranch. Right. Ain't like, don't you call it a farm? As, as mom had. How many what? 5,000 he Of cattle? 10,000 he of cattle. Is that a bigger number brand for you? 10. Whoa. 10,000. Yeah. Jesus. No Ash. But look, Ash, Ash don't cat ash don't really count. I don't like to put her in anything. 'cause Ash clumsy. Right. She throw her back out getting up out of a chair. It's 85 degrees and she got pneumonia. So ash is, is an outlier.


So for anything that could possibly happen. So, You know what on your, I'm sorry I brought Ash into this. Ash don't count, but these other people do count. Yeah. Oh man, that was, that was a good one. But I, man, I just, I I just couldn't, I just couldn't judge. I quit. Hey, And I used to love basketball, man. I love basketball, but man, I, I got this money. I said, man, I ain't, ain't You, you got, you got your money and just, And you stopped doing what you love. I No, I I didn't love it. No, because basketball wasn't gonna play, wasn't gonna keep a roof over Mary Porter head. It wasn't gonna take care of the kids.


Now you tell me now, NBA players, they don't be out there playing football. No. You seen anybody playing football? No. They still play basketball in all season. And You know when they, that's Their crowd ocho you to your Round. Listen, be finished. Can I finish? Yes. You know what basketball players also do in off season. They get they ass on ATVs. They get on jet skis, they go have fun on yachts. They travel, they do all the same. They do all those things. Now your mindset is a little bit different. Yeah. And it always has been because the structure and discipline And you always remembering what pays the bills. Yeah, for sure. You know, e everybody doesn't think like that. Yeah. That's why in certain situations, especially like this, you're very passionate because if it, if it was you in that position, oh hell, I'm not doing that.


I'm not taking that chance. But You know Mi Michael Jordan, he, he, he, his actually, he used to have a motorcycle club. He had a motorcycle. He had a, he used to race well he had a team, a motorcycle team. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And he used to ride hard. He had a crotch rocket. So I mean, he was zipping through this, but he also had that he was, could play pickup basketball because he, he had it written into his contract for the love of the game clause so he could play pickup basketball. Right. Not a, at that time, not a whole lot of guys had it. But I just look, if he gonna ride it, I would just put a helmet on.


I would be, I would rather be safe than sorry. Yes sir. Be I, I'd just rather be safe than sorry. That's why I got off that, You know, you And I was talking about road bikes. Yeah. I always wore a helmet. Then I just, man, every time I turn around, somebody had done got, they red ass ran over and didn't nobody stop to help him. I said, man, let me get my ass off this bike. Jay whi you remember Jay Williams? The Duke Jay? Yeah. Lost his career motorcycle. Yeah. The Duke, the number two pick in the draft or Joe. Oh, oh, Okay. Okay. SPN Yeah. Motorcycle.


Ah, Actually our, our teammate got killed. Or Roderick Thomas, he got got killed on a motorcycle. I just look my grandfather they played at. And so once, once I got big enough. Old enough. Yeah. And boy they call it asphalt. It's your ass and it's your fault. So, Hey, one thing About, I never want one. Don't, Don't, I don't want one. Right. I, I can honestly say I've never ever wanted A-A-A-A-A-A motorcycle. Yeah. I just say I, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't do motorcycles, but man, that down here. Yeah. Them dirt bikes and them four wheelers and You know, we, we ride in the middle of the street and just Oh yeah.


I I man they got a motorbike, ojo in Atlanta, New York, Philly in Miami, New York, Philly and Miami. When they come to dirt bikes. Yeah. And them, them them four, them young, all band. Oh, I see. I saw Meek out there. They had, they, it is like that every day. Once in a while you catch 'em in Atlanta and they'd be about 50 or hundred D Wait, Atlanta Too? Yeah, they got a, they got a motorcycle club. Oh, I I ain't know that. I ain't know that. Yeah. And they go and they go and the thing is, And you need it because all that noise and then you could just, you could control the traffic. Right. Because once you get behind 'em, you can't go nowhere. No. 'cause they, they, they take it up all lanes of the row and it like 40 of them. Yeah.


But I, I think that's the, You know, that's, that's the best way to ride is to, You know, to make sure you protect yourself. Yeah. But nah, hell nah. The Volume


famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed Fresh Trust. The name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus Tobacco Consumers.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with Future Health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Okay. So we all need to get away from the world. Sometimes. Well in the all new 2025 Nissan Murano, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. Just picture it. The Bose premium sound system plays your favorite music as the murano's massaging leather appointed seats melt away your stress. Yeah, that's a real getaway. Drive. The all new 2025 Nissan Murano. Today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


Yo, what's good? It is Jeff C from Club five 20 Podcast. Here to share my latest fresh take on the 2025 NCAA tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. This past weekend was a great round 32. I had the best game of the year. Had to be the Maryland verse, Colorado State game. It ended with a game winner. It was exciting. Derrick Queen. Good shot. Looking ahead to the Sweet 16, I'm really looking forward to watching Arkansas versus Texas Tech. I'm looking forward to it. 'cause it's similar styles. They both play hard defense, they both gritty teams and they play in the post. It should be a battle for the ages. I'm also looking forward to the Duke versus Arizona game. Both of programs. Legendary status. It should be a battle that we all looking forward to probably be the game of the night. And when it comes to the Final four, I'm all in on Duke and Houston. Two great coaches, two legendary programs. Should be exciting for their role to the final. Four more for me soon. But while you're watching the games, remember the freshest deal in fast foods gotta be Wendy's. Right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and purchase. Again, head to the Wendy's app to grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburger around. Gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness.