
If you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC Terms and more@applecard.com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book and officials sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em, we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void and Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite. Number 85 from Liberty City. The route runner extraordinaire, the bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro bowler, the All pro. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast run every subscriber matters. Thank you for mattering. Thank you for counting. We're not where we are without your support, so thank you very much. Please make sure you go check out Shay by La Portier. By the end of the year we're gonna be in 14 to 16 states.


If we're currently not in a state or a city that's near you, You can order it, it's in stock, and we'll ship it right to your door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. With 84 being spelled out. OCHO is wearing the hat. He's also wearing the shirt with UNC and OCHO on the face. So those T-shirts are back in stock. So make sure you go check out the site. 80 four.com. UNC and OCHO teeth are back in stock. And if you've ordered merch within the last three weeks, it started out, it started shipping last week. So hopefully you've received email confirmation that your order has been shipped. Please go vote for us for the Signal award.


Nightcap Best Live podcast recording. We're in second place and the best co-host team. We're still in second place. Guess what? We still got another week to go. I believe by the time the voting closes on Thursday, yeah, we'll be in first place. Voting off. Voting open on, oh, the voting is open through October 17th. Just like the webbage, you have to create an account and then you have to have a verified email. Remember, create an account and then have a verified email club. sheha is also nominated for the popular culture and variety show. Best Athlete Shaping Culture show and best individual episode. Best guest, Kat Williams. Guys, thank you for your support. Nightcap, the team at Nightcap.


We greatly appreciate your support for supporting us in all the wars that we've won and many, many more that we hope to win. Obviously Club Shahe, we greatly, greatly appreciate your support for the last four years since we had started that in September of 2020. So thank you guys for being rock solid behind us all the way through Club Shehe and Nightcap. Ocho and I, we greatly, greatly appreciate it and the staff, the team at both really appreciate your support. OCHO the 49 ERs got back on the winning track with a solid win tonight on the road against The. Seattle, Seahawks 36 24. Brock Purdy had another strong game throwing the football 255 yards, three touchdown. George Kittle was cooking. I needed you last week George to get me a touchdown so I could have won that.


Partly Kittle 50, he had five catches for 58 yards and two scores on your Isaiah Garrido Gudo filled in Admir for Jordan Mason. He had 99 yards on 10 carries. Mason had a strong night before he got injured. Gino Smith struggled despite throwing for 300 yards finish with the touchdowns and tour interception. Kenneth Walker had 14 Karas for 32 yards in the score. Tyler Lockett caught four passes, 65 yards in a touchdown. But I thought this game could have been ear over a lot earlier. OCHO had the 49 have been like they were last year really good in the red zone because you see early on they were selling for field goals and field goals, you know?


Yeah. And you know, you set up for field goal, you get a field goal and then next thing you know you kick the ball off and the guy runs it back. And what should have been a a a, a more lopsided game, but give those guys credit pretty stood in the pocket, played really well. The running game was really good. And so when You can run the ball, it doesn't matter who's back there. As long as You can run the football, You can play action off of it. And good things normally happen for you're down the field, but you see MacGyver, that's what we call deebo. They talking about your Swiss army night. Nah, that joke of MacGyver. 'cause he can make anything work. He can return punt, he can run return kickoff. You can line him up in the back field like a true running back. You can put him in the slot. You can put him out wide. There's nothing he can't do on the football field.


So he had an outstanding game tonight. I think he had over what, a hundred yards or close or maybe over a hundred yards or like three or four, three catches. Brandon IU is starting to get into the flow of things. He's starting to look like the Brandon IU of last year. The guy that was, yeah. You know, when Deebo got hurt showed that he could be a number one receiver kettle. His ke did an outstanding job of blocking the offensive line was solid again. But I thought they really played well Ocho and got back on the winning track, considering the last couple of weeks they let a couple slip away. Yeah, I mean they, they, they played well their first four series, they, they ended up scoring obviously the first one. They got seven and three field goals after that. Yeah, the first five possessions for the goddamn Seahawks. They got nothing going. Obviously Gino can't really throw those interceptions to give himself a chance to give his team a chance offensively.


Obviously the kickoff, I mean the, there was a kickoff return in the second half, right? Yeah, yeah. The kickoff return in the second half kind of got them in rhythm and obviously once they got the ball back, that was one of their best drives. It went down to score it again and it was 14 unanswered at that point. And it kind of, it kind of somewhat stalled out, you know, a a little bit into the fourth quarter. But by that time, Geno had, Geno had thrown another pick, A last pick doomed him. Yeah, yeah. That, that, that doomed. Obviously Gino is against the 49 ERs. He's oh and five. He's oh and five and that's including the playoffs. So he doesn't play well against him. And in order from Gino to be able to beat them and give their team a chance, you just can't turn the ball over. You can't turn the ball over.


And some of those possessions that you do have, you gotta get points out of it. You gotta get points. I think the first four or five possessions the Seahawks had, they got nothing. They got nothing outta that and didn't get a field goal until, until I think a little later. By that time, you know, the, the four nines were, were ahead by 14 or or so. But other than that, I mean it was, it was a, it was a de it was a decent game. I would've liked to see the Seahawks play a little better for them to get where they want to go. They, there are teams like this, these are the type of team that they need to compete with and the type of team that they need to be. And I think hell it, it all, it all starts with a quarterback play. You know, Gino has to play better. I'm sure he knows that when he watches film, he'll see some of the throws that he missed also.


Oh yeah. On the third down, that third down that he had, what was that? Was it, was it locking? Was it in jig? In jig or one of the crossers Yeah, jig crosses. You gotta make that one On joke Locker should have caught that locker should have caught that ball in the end. Yeah. dk DK got you gotta help me out a little bit. You got, you gotta help me out a little bit. Cross the middle or early in the game on that dig. I mean, just listen, I'm, I'm nitpicking, I'm nitpicking. But there you got the almost be perfect at every skill position and show up for your quarterback because when you're playing a team like this, you, you gotta be perfect. You, you damn near gotta play per perfect football to compete with 'em. And this, if you try to get to the playoffs, if you're trying to be serious about winning Lombardi, it is game like this where you got show.


Well I think the thing is Ocho is that when you play, like what's your ultimate goals? Because if your ultimate goal is not wining the championship, what, what? You're not nitpicking. Don't even worry about it there. Y'all do what y'all wanna do, everything gonna be okay, right? But if your ultimate goal is to win a championship and you lose the game, those are the things that You can go back and focus on and says, okay guys, we gotta make these plays here as a play here or there. And that's the difference. It comes down to guys making plays or not making plays. It's really, you know, look, no matter what the sport is, it's really, it's really not that complicated. What team made the most plays? Yeah. And when did they make said plays? Because all plays aren't created equal. And that's what people get upset at me about. They're like, well the guy played well. I said, well, lemme ask you a question. What role did that interception play late?


And see, and people got on me up by Joe Burr. I said, hold on. All I know is that the Bengals had a lead until he gave, he fumbled a football and they got a scooping score. Right? Well no, ain't no well well I'm just saying all a turnover in the first quarter is not, doesn't have the same weight OCHO as a turnover in the fourth quarter with two minutes left in the game. Right. Especially when the game, now, if you turn it over in the first quarter, you turn over in the fourth quarter and you up by 17 points with two minutes go, no harm, no foul. Right? But when you in a one possession game, Hell, it can't be nothing. But the likelihood early in the game like that one possession game, it could hell you just started, you just started the first quarter.


So the likelihood of you being down 21 nothing, or 28, nothing in the first quarter is not very likely. Right? So all turnovers aren't created equal. And so when you look at it, you go back, you're like, yeah, that third down, because that gives me another three to four downs Ocho to get the ball closer to the end zone in the end zone. Right. Or get it to in close to field goal range. And so, and you look, I'm like, damn Gino, I can see if he was under Dures ocho but he shot that like, like his feet over the dude's head. Well Also listen, they somebody, somebody on offense, I don't know who the offense coordinator is, even the head coach. If You can see God damn Bo is very destructive the entire Yeah, the entire God game You got chip it, chip that Motherfucker, if anything slap the goddamn predictions.


Yeah, you got to, He's disrupting and forcing Gino that he's forcing Gino to throw faster than he wants to. You know, he got two seconds at least give him three seconds, he get the ball in his hands and it's two seconds before they can get, before they can even get into the goddamn route. Bo him right there. Yeah, but see the problem is you got Leonard Floyd on the other side, so you slide that one way. So now you got Leonard Floyd working 1 0 1, right? So you gotta basically, so unless, unless you want to chip your way out on both sides and leave your guards inside on the d tackles because you know, their, their their their, their pressure is outside pressure because Hargrove, if I'm not mistaken, I think Hargrove is hurt and he's on ir.


So they don't really have anybody that can consistently collapse the pocket from inside and then force you into Bosa and Leonard Floyd. So basically the pressure is coming from outside and Gino must step up in the pocket. But that's the thing why they went and got Leonard Floyd and it just goes to show you Ocho sometimes a change of venue. People thought Leonard Floyd was a bust in Chicago. Right? Think about it now. He was a top 10 pick. Yeah. Really didn't do a whole lot. But everywhere he's been since the Rams, he was big. He Vaughn Miller and Aaron Donald. You see what he did in Buffalo, if I'm not mistaken, I think he had double digit sacks in Buffalo. Parlayed that into a big contract with the 49 ERs sometimes.


Look, you just need a change of scenery or you need somebody that understands your skillset and can maximize that skillset and your ability in what you do very well. But I thought the 49 ERs played really well. The only thing that I had a problem with OCHO is that you can't kick field goals. I mean you cannot. You cannot, you cannot. You pay the ultimate price. The only thing that saved them tonight is that the Seattle couldn't get anything growing early. Yeah. Because you keep kicking field goals. Two touchdowns. This team's right back in the game. They, hell they got Mike had a lead. Yeah. So, but give those guys credit. I thought Brock, Freddy played, played a really strong game. Three touchdowns, 2 55, a clean game. That's what you gotta have last week.


It wasn't his finest outing, it wasn't his best effort turning the ball over. And when you're depleted somewhat down on the offensive side of football, look yeah, they're running the football, but those guys aren't cmac those guys just, they can't just do what he does. Ocho hold, Hold, hold on, hold on now. Hold on. Jordan Mason numbers look just as good as CAC numbers at the same time last year. But See that that's, oh so Is it, is it, is it really cmac or is it the scheme and the, and the offense and, and then the plays that Kyle Shanahan is calling chat. Y'all stay with me a little bit. Look at CMAC numbers to, to week five and look at Jordan Mason's number to week five. I mean, it it might be equivalent, it might be a little bit more. I'm not sure the production is, I might be off by a little bit, but it ain't too far off.


So it got me thinking, well can you, is this a, is this a putting in plug or put anybody in type situation that running back in? I mean in not Seattle. In San Francisco because it seemed like whoever's back there in that system, they get it goddamn done. I give a prime example. I'm, I'm, I'm, I know this system very well. You look at all the guys that came after td, you look at Clint Porters, you look at Mike Anderson, you look at Ruben Drones, you look at all the guys, those guys could get yards, TD could run you to a Super Bowl. Right. That's the difference. Yeah. Those guys can get yards. Krista McCaffrey run you to the NFC championship game. He could run you to a Super Bowl.


He ain't offensive player of the, he wasn't offensive player of the year. Now which one of those guys they have comparable numbers gonna be offensive player of the year. 'cause he had those numbers and 20 touchdowns. You see the difference? Yeah. But now I can put him in a situation, But we got, you gotta think now. Now we're comparing what he did in a full season and we're looking at a small sample size of what Jordan Mason's been able to do. So I'm trying to say what happened if Jordan Mason has a 16 week season based on his production so far. Yeah. What if his didn't get hurt? He left the goddamn game with 70 or 93 something yards and he on 14 something carries. But So what happened when he played the whole game? Touchdowns Christian McCaffry had touchdown. Yeah, see you, you win with scores not yards.


He, He could do so much more too outside of just run running out the goddamn Back. I can, I can throw him the ball. Yeah. It's hard. It's hard to set your defense. Well you gonna hand it to him or are they gonna throw it to him? Right. The likelihood of them throwing the ball to Jordan Mason on something other than a screen That that might not be a thing that That, that ain't happen though, Joe. But give the 49 ERs credit. They needed this ball game on a short week. A very, very tough loss last week to Arizona. They were up, up late by double figures late in the fourth quarter, if I'm not mistaken. And they found a way to lose that ball game. Give Arizona credit. Kyle Murray and his team made plays, but they wanted to get that taste out of their mouth. They had lost, if I'm not mistaken, they had lost to the Rams and they had lost already lost to the, the, the Cardinals.


You don't wanna lose three. Didn't they lose to the Ram? I think they lost to the Rams. So that was two division losses. A third division lost OCHO so early, Right? Yeah. Yeah. They they they'd be behind the eight ball like a motherfucker. Yeah. Yeah. They definitely would've behind Like a motherfucker O Joe Count former be yeah, co count former head coach six times Super Bowl winning head coach of the head coach Bell Belichick among those who are confused with the just decision to fire coach Robert Sala after just five games. It's a little bit puzzling. It is what it is and everybody has to move forward. It's an honest prerogative to make that decision.


And clearly that's what he decided to do. But there's been a lot of things that have been kind of confusing. It hasn't been a great situation for the just this year. You can, You can kind of feel that this, it's been kind of, kind of a chill And listen that Woodie Johnson know. Damn what? That wasn't his goddamn call. Come on now. The just of two and three. We all know, listen, they both had a book. Roberts had a book and Aaron Rogers had a book. Neither one of them motherfuckers on the same page. We know that. We can see the bike language, the mannerisms, they run on the same page when they did the press conference talking about the cadence. They run on the same page. A quarterback and head coach are always on the same page at all times.


They did not get along. Aaron Rogers needs to take accountability, which he has done for his play. The Jets are two and three right now. The goddamn jets was two and three. Was Zach Wilson last year at the same time at the week five point. What? Yeah. Hold on. Stay, stay, stay with me now. I know, I know you wanna jump on me by that, but I'm just saying. So, hey, if based off that you might as well stuck with you might as well have stuck with Zach. Aaron Rogers has to play better. The defense is playing Well, they're, they're playing. Okay. I'm not saying they're playing lights out like they were last year, but it is earlier in the season. I'm sure they're gonna get better as the season goes on, but we need a little bit more of the Aaron Rogers of old. Yeah, That's it. We need a little bit more The mistakes, the interceptions.


You can, You can you can't do it. You're killing your team. You're killing your team. When, when has he gotten along with any coaches when the last time he got along with coaches? You? I Don't, I don't, you know, know, know, it's funny when, when I think about it, this is the first time I seen him outside of Green Bay and I'm not sure him and Matt LeFlore didn't get along. I I Oh really? Really? When he, when he went on there and told that, that when let Matt LaFleur kicked the field goal on fourth down. And he said Right. Oh, and, and and the, the, the, the tirade, the what he had on the sideline, you thought he got along with Matt Lelo? Yes. He, I didn't, I didn't see that. I, I I didn't remember that. I didn't remember that. But I saw, I saw SLA try to hug him after throwing the touchdown and him and push him off and give him that look.


And I'm like, you know what? Oh damn. Oh, oh, he don't, he don't, he don't like him. Oh, he don't, he definitely don't like him. But I thought I knew, I knew, I knew there was a lack of respect for his coach when he skipped that goddamn that goddamn mini cam. Oh, Joe, why we making a big deal about that? All I know is the people told me that was not a big deal. It it's, it's a big deal because if it's anybody else you asked would've got you got you asked, would've got cut. Oh. Oh fine. Yeah. Got cut. Hold. Don't hold, make Hold. The problem is Hold lemme Answer your question. Go ahead. What happen if Lamar Jackson and skip goddamn mini camp? A mandatory Huh? Mandatory mini camp. Come on now. Stay, stay Unc stay with me. All right. Come On. No Joe.


You know what the boy Yeah, I'm, I'm just, listen, I'm just, I'm just throwing it out there for a little bit of context. Just a little bit of context. I don't, no context. I've been saying understanding. Oh, oh Shannon, you hate that man. You hate that man. When I've been one of his staunchest defenders. And Listen, I ain't, his ability to throw the football is unquestioned. I question some of the things that he does that are not conducive to winning and leadership. You cannot have that guy on a mandatory mini camp unless it is an absolute emergency. You going to Egypt? I mean, what are you a dignitary? You trying to bring peace to the Middle East? That's the only reason. I'll excuse that.


If He hold what you say, is he a what? A dignitary a Yes. If he can bring peace to the Middle East, by all means go take as much time as you need. Right, right, right. But mandatory means that is required. Volunteer means you volunteer if you come, if you want to. It's just like when you volunteer to do charity work, you volunteered. Now if you do something, they will, the just the criminal justice system will demand you do community service. You see? Right. You see how they do that? He's required to do 50 hours or a hundred hours community service. Oh, Shannon volunteered at Goodwill. Shannon, Shannon volunteered at, at the, at the homeless mission.


You see the difference? But everybody made excuses. See what y'all fit. This is what I was like. Fans. Y'all make excuses when O Chase, I get it. I get it. Lemme take that back with you. I'm sorry. It's the messenger y'all ain't got No, it's the messenger that's giving you the message. Because had Coach Belichick has anybody else said exactly what I've been saying, nobody would've had a problem with it. But it's because O Shea said it and y'all don't like when Shea be right. And I don't wanna pat myself on the back, but Mary for the ones told me, said, boy, you got two good hands. You don't need nobody to pat you on the damn back. Pat yourself on the back. Yeah. I've been trying to tell y'all for the longest. Y'all see what y'all wanna do. Y'all try to see what, A lot of times what they'll try to do Ocho is that they'll try to undercut you and try to make it about something else, what they try to do.


But y'all can't, y'all can't fool shake because I've been in the locker room. I've been a leader in locker rooms. Oh, sh you ain't in that locker room. And then when it comes out Oh, oh, oh, no, no. When I said that, it wasn't no problem. It was a problem. Now what's being said every everywhere it's, it's this and You and, and it is always a, a head coach always needs this quarterback. Not just as a leader, but to actually lead by example. He got To buy in. 'cause if he don't, nobody else will. He. He gotta be the one to buy in because if the quarterback didn't buy in, then everything else is fragmented.


Everything else is fragmented. That's why the quarterback position is so important and him doing all the right things. Because as he goes, everybody else goes The moment it was mandatory mini camp and he didn't show up, Roberts had no more authority. Oh yeah, most definitely. It was. Well he had, he had little to begin with. Begin with. Yeah. Who it's That. And think about what they did to get him. They're flying back and forth from, from New York to California. They're according courting, they're basically begging this man to come and save us. So Aaron already knows he's going in with a lot of power, just like Tom.


That's why Tom was able to go get drunk. That's why he was able to go get an a Antonio Brown. And the funny thing about it, we talk about two different mindsets. Yes. We had 2, 2, 2 totally different Mindsets. One is totally team and all about self. Bingo. One of my team and others is all about self. You look at Peyton, Tom went, Tom, Tom went there with one goal in mind. Yes. I'm I'm getting me another one. Yes. I'm getting me another one. And bought all the in He was at mandatory voluntary. Matter of fact, he was there when he wasn't supposed to be there. Yeah. Peyton, Matt, Tom Brady. You remember he went Bless you. You remember he you ain't gonna cup. You don't wanna cup you. Okay. Don't worry about that. Oh Lord. Have a ocho. Thank you.


Supposed to do it your head. And now you want, when I see you want me to dap you up? Nah, nah. I ain't, I don't, I don't, I don't dap up. I don't dap up. I Got a fist bump. You ocho I'm just late there, you know. There you go. Right there. That's where we, that's where we are right now. Ocho Now what we are right now. Good. We do. Don't worry. Lemme get the hand sanitizer where my bag at. Lemme get that. You got some hand sanitizers Jordan Somewhere. Ocho, I'm, I got Ocho. I know you, but when I see you, I'm not Ocho I'm good. Nore gave me a cold. I'm I'm gonna put somebody in your hand then we gonna dapp up first. But I I'm gonna carry a little bottle with it, but I see you All. I got you. I got you. But if you think about it, Ocho, when Tom Brady, Tom Brady, when he went to the Buccaneers Yes sir.


You remember he got thrown out the park for throwing the ball to His receivers. Receivers high school Man wanted, this man wanted to be so ingratiated with his teammates. So lock, stepping barrel he's doing. We can't go to the facility, but we gonna go into the park. But they say no, you can't gather even in the park when p Manning signed with the Broncos. Let's see, when it comes to Peyton Manning in the Broncos, say, I ain't telling you what somebody tell you. I'm telling you what I know. I'm telling you what I know this like when I say certain things about the Broncos, oh, it's we down in Nashville. Somebody I guess Who had that open.


Oh my bad. We'll open it back up then What happened? But, But you see the different, but you see the different mindsets. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Compete Tom Brady and the other, the other guy. You see, yeah. You see the mindset. But see what happens is, is that the more accomplished someone is, people are willing to forgive behavior because of the accomplishment. See a guy that's not as accomplished, he can't miss Well nobody should be able to miss. That's why they record. That's why they call it mandatory. Right. And then they made excuses for, at first they made excuses and then when they got out, it reported that he didn't have an excused absence. Then it came out and then that's when he started.


Like, you know, they just slap something on the end of it. No, bro. Everybody know what mandatory is. When you get the, when you go to OTAs, you see that thing. Okay, we got voluntary. Voluntary. And the last one is mandatory. It's always been like that. It's probably always going to be like that. Yeah. But who's surprised by this? Who? I just wanna know jazz fans. Y but look, I get it. Jazz, when you struggle, y'all hadn't won a championship since the fucking, oh, excuse me, since the late sixties, early seventies. So I get it. You're, you're starving. You're thi you, you have an unquenchable thirst to be an be a champion again. I get that. And so y'all are willing to accept negative behavior. You'll make a deal with the devil Ocho when it comes due.


I worry about what the pa what he's asking for later. I just want the deal. So I don't, I don't care. Whatever it is I'm doing this deal with the devil. Whatever he's asking for later, I'm willing to do it if I get what I want in to in the meantime. And then yes, when it comes down to what I got to pay, what I have to pay that debt off with. Oh, well I worry about that then. But who's surprised that the Jets are in this situation? I just wanna know what rational saying individual is surprised the jet are where they are. You know what, the one thing I can say is even though things aren't good right now, they are two and three.


Oh, There game by the first place. Oh yeah. If, if they are to get out this hole because the a FC is up for grabs. Huh? The a FFC is up for grabs. No, It ain't, that division was up for grab. Oh. Oh. You know what I mean? Oh yeah. The AFC East. Yeah. I mean, I meant to say, I meant to say the AFCs, it's Up for grab. Agree. I agree. I agree. Dolphins, we don't know Josh Allen obviously they Up Patriot. We ain't even talking about them. Patriots. We not, man. They now, they starting Drake may I don't know why they throwing that rookie out. Told You, I told you Stars O Joe Ocho, you not gonna win no game throw for no 130 yards. You, Hey, well, well hell, what you, you, you put the rookie in there. Think he gonna do better? He can't do worse. Huh? You got a left tackle and the right tackle the king block no goddamn body.


So what you think gonna happen to him? Well, Drake may is more athletic than your Kobe Bassett. Okay. Okay. Okay. We we'll use that one. But listen, but this, this is the thing about the Jess. If you are a just fan, this is what I can say about Aaron Rogers, even though he looked pitiful, even though he look abysmal the last game, he's the type of player that can, that that can catch fire. Yes. That can catch fire and look completely different than what he, than what he looked last, last week. Completely different. So I'm, I'm worried about him, but I'm not worried about him at the same time because I know what he can do. The New York's interim head coach Jeff Urich, who announced that they're shifting Todd Downing to offensive play caller stripped role from Nathaniel Hackett in Downing's last in is OC in Tennessee Titans in 2022.


He was fired after the Tennessee Titans finished 30th overall in offense in 28th and Points scored now. Well, How did he put, how did people, how did he people get jobs? What did he finish? What number did he finish? 30th and overall offense in 28th and points. And he's supposed be taking over for the new jet. I mean, make it make sense. Well, First of all, Nathaniel Hackett got a job and he had never called plays for Green Bay. He got a job because his boy was Aaron Rogers. Yeah. Aaron Rogers led the Broncos, led the Broncos to believe that if they signed what you call 'em at the head coach, he'd be willing to come to the Broncos.


Everybody saw Nathaniel Hackett painting on full display Right Now. Now they now owners say they want somebody that's called plays. Right. He got a job at a franchise having never called plays. Okay? When he got an opportunity to call plays, he was good and terrible. He goes, hold on, hold on. Ocho gets the job with the Jets because why Ocho? They won't set 1 cent individual to come play for them Right Now. Hmm. Now after, now you tell me the job you gonna get as an offensive coordinator after they saw you call plays in Denver and you were awful, you wouldn't what?


The elephant left on the showground and everybody know what the elephant left on the showground? Yeah. Well, we know how you got the job though. You know who asked for that? I, and that's why, and also Aaron Rogers to get on, to get on that, to get on Pat McAfee and say, I don't have the power people think I have man. Who you man, who you fooling man? Who you talking to? Dumb dumb, Dumb dumb. That actually believe that Jet fans and Aaron Rogers supporters that actually believe that. Come on man. I don't, I don't think people understand how much power he does actually have. I mean, one scenario, you look, you look at the scenario of going on the goddamn trip. We supposed to be at mandatory mini camp that lets you know who holds, who hold all the goddamn cards. But it told me everything I need to know about him because Peyton Manning, Patrick Mahomes and Tom Brady would've never done that.


It told me everything I needed to know about him. I don't need nobody to tell me about him. See, I see better than I hear. I hear what he says about winning is the most important thing. Right? Like my grandfather tell my brother and I, y'all told me, I y'all told me y'all gonna take that trash out. I still see it sitting over in the corner. See, I see better than I hear. I hear what you're saying, but I know what I see, right? So am I supposed to believe my lying eyes or my listening ears? Right. Told me everything I needed to know about him. Hold on. I gotta use that one. Am I supposed to be my lying eyes? Am I listening ears? Am I supposed to believe my lying eyes or my listening ears?


But that's The thing, the ocho all he had to do, all he had to do was just show up and appreciate yourself. He and Garrett Wilson are still really not on the same page. Ocho Oh No, they not, They're still not Garrett. Hold on. Did Garrett Wilson win offensive Rookie of the year? How this man win offensive rookie of the year with z with Zack Wilson, Mike White. Yeah. Yeah. And Aaron Rogers, even at this age, and as bad as he's playing is 10, 15 times the play as they were ever going to be. Yeah. They just, who's throwing in the ball? Joe Flaco might have been throwing in the ball. Y'all. Like, one thing Joe Flaco could do is extraordinary. You gotta protect him. O Joe.


Yeah. You gotta protect him because you know the statue You Can't move, but You can throw that thing. Oh yeah. He ain't moving nowhere. He ain't going nowhere. O Joe. Yeah, But because remember, hold on. On Wednesday, Aaron Rogers emphatically denied playing a part in Robert Solas dismissal from the Jets during his weekly Pat McAfee show appearance. He said, as far as any of the ridiculous allegations out there, I'm gonna, I'm not gonna spend more than a sentence in response to it. And that's that I resent any of those accusations because they are patently false. It's interesting the amount of power that people think I have, which I don't, I love Robert.


I love my ex when I with him. But guess what? Don't your I ain't with them. I ain't with them. I love them. Hey, you, you know, you know what I wish, I wish people that were sources always stated who they were. You didn't Hide then you wouldn't get no information. I know, I Yeah, you right. You right. But listen, I wish when it came to players, I wish they were dishonest. Yeah. I wish they weren't pc. I wish when it came to quarterbacks and they gave interviews, I wish they really said what they really felt. I wish they really said what they were really thinking. All players of pc. I really hate that. And I think it would be so much better. The NFL would be so much more authentic and real if people just, even coaches even I, I wish they just said exactly how they feel about certain players.


No, but they don't, I can't, I can't say y'all suck. You remember, you remember Zi, you remember how Zi to ask them? Did he wanna say anything to the team and say, nah, they got me fired. Yeah. Hey, that's, Hey, I say it all the time. Players get coaches fired. Yes. Time. Yes. On Thur, on Thursday, when ask about the firing and the demotion of offensive coordinator, Nathaniel Hackett Rogers took the blame. He said, I play better. And this doesn't happen. Hold on, Ocho this is not my first time saying it, but I went on first take on Tuesday and said, two of the most worst days of my life is when Dan Reeves, who drafted me, but forgot to cut me, and Wade Phillips lost their job.


Because normally when you, when when a head coach get fired and you have an interim head coach Ocho, guess what happens? Yeah. The staff gone. Yeah. So it's just not one job. What's the likelihood you think those, what's the likelihood of anybody that's on the jets are returning next year? Ocho Not happening. That, And that's what bothered me, Ocho, because I was like, damn, had I became, and I'm not a quarterback, I'm a tight end. This is the way I think, Right? Had I became the player that I later became and ended up going into the Hall of Fame, maybe I could have saved their jobs. Maybe I could have.


It bothered me. It still does. Right? I taught my position coach in 1993 with Les Stle. He lives here in Nashville. He called me today, called me sweetheart. He knows all my kids' birthday. He'll always, Hey, tell, tell Kayla happy birthday. Tell Kiara, tell Kate tell the kids happy birthday. He, he remembers all of that. Right? And he was, I invited him to the hall. Anytime I had something going on, I would always invite him. Man, I made the pro Bowls. I took him and his wife flew him first class, put him up all my position coaches, even when I wasn't there, even when I went to the Pro Bowl in Baltimore, every position coach that I, that coached me, I brought 'em to the Pro Bowl. Them and their wife, right. Put 'em up.


It bothered me, Ocho, because I play a role in that coach getting fired. Right? I wasn't doing what I was supposed to do. Right. And I wish more players understood that. It's like, oh, that's part of, okay, but you don't think it's part of the, you don't just think it's part of business when your ass get cut, You Don't think it's part of, oh man, they did your boy dirty, blah, blah, blah. Nah, nah, nah. It's a part of the game. It's a part of the game. It's a part of the game. It's a part of the game. Right. But I just, I I, I just, he said I played better. Rogers has completed 61% of his passes. 1,093 yards, seven touchdowns to four deception. His QBR of 49.1 ranks 21st in the NFL. The Giants offensively are ranked 27th in yards per game. 2 86, 20 third in points per game.


18.6 through the first five games of the season. It's just, bro, I'm like, he just, I just wish he got it. But, but you know what? Here's the problem that he has. He's so arrogant. He's so pompous, he's so cavalier that he believes that if you're not Peyton Manning, if you're not Tom Brady, or you are not someone of the upteenth orderer, right? You don't have, you should not have an opinion on how he plays. You shouldn't have opinion on his leadership because he feels that you are beneath him because you didn't play this position. So how, how dare you critique me? I don't believe it's my belief and I could be on an island by myself that no one is beyond reproach.


They're not. They're not at all, at all. And you know, I, I don't ever talk about nobody but man, man, it got, it got be said. If, if, if you got me talking and saying what it is and what needs to be done, it needs to be fixed and chastising it. You know, something wrong For sure. Everybody knows. But for the, but, but a lot of people, because you want to have a relationship with say a player. If I see a player, I, I wanted to run over there and dab me up. Hey man, hey you, hey, you want to drink? Blah, blah, blah. This about such good, nah, I, I think I owe it to 'em to, to say what I see.


Right? I don't have no, I don't have, have I seen a lot of players that I critique and they pretend like they don't see me? Yep. And I pretend like I don't see them two, we both pretending What, what hap what happened? Did they wanna beat you up? Huh? I ain't worried about that. I already worry about that. I don't care myself in that way. Ocho they know, Hey, I got a job to do. It ain't nothing personal. I'm talking about your plate on the field. I gone by, I gone by my bit. Nah, nah, it ain't, ain't none of that. Ain't no beatings. Well, let me know. I'm, I'm enforcer. If anybody, if listen, throughout this year, we only week five now we got a long way to go. Now if anybody like feeling a little frog and they wanna leap, I could be, I could be your enforcer. Nah, you gotta worry about James Harris. You take care of James Harrison.


SA Garner not Take, take care of who? James, Who's That? Deebo? Yeah. Okay. Sauce. Gardner says it's not solid's fault on team struggles. It's the teams, if I'm being honest, we're doing it for him. No sauce. I think you might be, I think the defense might be, I think the other side, I don't know. But anyway, Gardner also said solid change in my life. Which is why we, we, we text the coach. I appreciate you every year on his birthday. Yeah. I mean that, that's dope. I, I like, I like SAA for speaking out. But Sauce will understand quick. I think it's, it is early for him. I think Sauce is only his second year. Right?


Third, Third, he'll understand the nature of this business. You know, it, it gets dirty, it gets grimy. This is not the first coach that's going to leave, you know, while, while he's playing for a team. And he'll under he'll understand that what softly to understand the problem is on the other side of the ball. It is. 'cause if you look at the, the Jets defense statistically and almost every category they within the top five. Yeah, they got a good, I know it's still early. I know it's still early in the season. They are two and three. But the just Defense is in the top five in almost every statistical category. The problem is the offense. And I know Sauce is the teammate. You don't wanna say anything, throw your teammate under the bus. But we are saying for you, your quarterback needs to play better.


It's really simple. He just needs to play better because they, that's it. The the every, they said that the jets are quarterback away from being a serious threat in the a FC being a contender. The quarterback hasn't played Well, it's okay to acknowledge that and say, you know what didn't play well or you know, hey, but we know that it's not like we're breaking news Ocho. We got a ticker. Our ticker just made his debut. So everybody's in the chat. Y'all can see the ticker strolling along down the bottom. You know, we, we know we, Hold on, let, lemme get the chat. Lemme look at the chat. Hold on, hold on. I don't see it.


Ojo. Oh look. Oh boy. We got a ticker boy. Yeah, we got a ticker. Yes we do ojo. Oh boy. We oh boy. Hey boy, we big time boy. Yeah, big time. We got a tick saying we got a ticker. Yeah. You that. Yeah. That's, that's us. That's us. I see it. Arizona at Green Bay. 1:00 PM East. Yeah, Eastern Indiana, Tennessee. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Like That. That's what we do. You know what I'm saying? Don't, Hey, you know, we slowly coming down, you know it gonna take, gonna take us. But you know, we gonna get it right. We gonna make sure we gonna have the best.


Oh yeah. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. Yeah. So O Joe Russell Wilson is Optim optimistic about potentially playing on Sunday for the first time during the 2024 season? There We go. Let's go. Boy, I'm Feel confident that I'd be ready to play and ready to play at a high level. I think we're being really smart too and trying to understand how it feels. It's my first re week really back with the guys and I feel really confident about that. Mike Tomlin said earlier in the week that there are multiple variables. He's weighed the decision throughout the week of practice. But the door is a jar, which means a jar ocho, which means slightly open. Right, right. Wilson to be active on Sunday.


You know, you always want me to lose, use the word in the sentence Russ. Right. I played a lot of, I played a lot of football games and there've been a lot of moments. I don't fear them getting ready to get, go back and rock and roll. Yeah. I like it. I like, I like Russ getting the opportunity to play. I know Justin Fields played, just played somewhat good this year. They started three and oh they lost the last two. But offensively it's not like they've been this awesome juggernaut of an offense that's top three in the NFL putting up outstanding crazy numbers where a change of the quarterback position would really affect the Steelers. Right. Again, I like Russell Wilson my personal preference, even though I'm not a Steeler fan for that offense based on his resume, his last year in Denver was not that bad.


Chad, if you look at the statue, you look at his numbers, his last year in Denver, it wasn't that bad. It was good, it was decent. Maybe not the ru that led the goddamn sea off to the Super Bowl. But if we can get a Russ of old anywhere near the Rus of old where you don't turn the ball over and you just do what we ask of you and not put the ball in the hands of the other team, they will be just fine. They will be just fine. Yeah. It's gonna be interesting to see what and Game George Pickens a goddamn ball. Okay, well since you, since you go there speaking for the first time since Sunday night, lost to the Cowboys, George Pickens just mis questioned about his explicit message on his eye black in the post game incident with George Lewis.


What'd He say? What'd he say? What'd he say? What'd he say? Pickens wore eye black that read open effing always for the game. Hey. And after the game ended failed hook and lateral attempt, Pickens yanked down Lewis by his face mask as Lewis ran by him and appeared to say something. Pickens said he was unaware of the policy. Never seen it before. He said have you seen it before? Yes. When it was pointed out that Cameron Hayward had been fine in 2015 for writing on his late father's name on his eye. Black Pickett was dismissive years ago. He said, when I wasn't in the league, so nine and asked what happened with Lewis after the game, Pickett said nothing.


Hey, it wasn't nothing. Little big deal. You know Lewis went by, you know, talking little trash. Oh he, he snatched him up real quick by the face mask. You know, sometimes people, you know, like, they like to step on your toe 'cause they know you really can't do nothing. So I ain't do nothing. You know, too, too bad to him. Just man, stop playing with me man. But I, you know, I, I ain't, I didn't know that either. You heard that? The eye black thing? What you mean you didn't know that? Not something that I would do, but the, the curse words, I never knew that as much cursing be going on out there. Boy, when we playing you, I ain't know that You can. Yeah You can, You can curse but you can't display it. Right? Yeah. Yeah. Hey, he spelled it all the way out. Or was it, I didn't get a chance to see it Sometimes Lord have mercy.


Sometimes I wanted these kids, I'm like, bro, y'all graduated high school and went to college. Yeah. Yeah Bro. You know the NFL ain't letting you write nothing on No. Yeah, yeah. No eye black. They don't let you write No thing. No nothing o jump. Hey, Normally, normally, you know what's funny now that you, now, now that I think about it, how the hell if I did something or I was dressed, my dress code was inappropriate. Yeah. You know, the NFL officers would call down and tell me, even in game, they would come to me on the sideline and tell me to change it. Remember the, remember the long streamer towels y'all used to wear college? I would wear streamer towel. Not the NFL issue towel. I had a long towel, I cut, I cut the towel in The back.


Yeah. It gotta be regulation. You gotta be about this long. That L tower by that low You Can came all the way down to my knee. Huh? Yeah. Uhuh, Whether it be, remember when I used to put on the black chin strap or the, or the orange chin strap? Yeah. Man, it had to be white man. Go man, tell Ocho man, take that off. So I'm surprised that you didn't let him play the whole game with the damn eye black. Yeah. Oh no. Well, yeah, I think you're right. You are right. I think the thing is Ocho is that when you look at it, is that you would think a person would be smart enough not to use an explicit Yeah. Not To do it. Yeah. That, Yeah, That I mean, come on, bro. I, I understand. I mean, they find Cam for writing a message about his dad when his dad passed.


So they find him. Wow. You think they gonna let you write something explicit? Oh, speaking of, speaking of fines, John Kitna, when it was my quarterback in 2003, no, maybe 2002 before Carson got there, Kitna, super duper religious, super duper hat on a hat in the media. All they had was a cross on the front. They fi they find him, oh, this way back in 2002. Hold on. They, They found John Kitner Not when you do it. Hold on. First of all, any, any media that's the NFL event. It better be NFL approved. We are the one that got, that got that done away with, because at the Super Bowl we wore EAS products.


Right. That wasn't ef So we was getting, think about everybody had those hats. They paid, they paid our team lots and lots of money to wear. Right. Key shirts, hats, so forth and so on. And then a couple of years later, Brian Erla did it, they ended up finding Erla like a hundred thousand, couple hundred thousand dollars because he, he was, yeah, he had something that wasn't NFL sanctioned. So anything that's NFL like you at a, you at a, a press conference ocho you at, you know, you at the locker room. That's the NFL, that's the NFL turf. Right. It better have Gatorade. It better have Nike, it better have something that the NFL is getting some money outta because if it's not, you better not put that on.


Right. You better not put that on. Now You can have a State Farm because State Farm is the official sponsor. Or, or, or something That's a, that's NFL is getting, got a bucket, got a hand in. But I'm not surprised, I'm surprised that the George Pickens didn't know first of all, yeah. Even if you didn't know, bro, you think they gonna let you, they finding guys for doing the the throat. Remember they made you cut out the throat slash they made you Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. They made, they made you cut out a bush. Johnson used to do the six shooters. They made you cut out anything that's, that people might construe with being violent. And you thought say, you know what? I ain't know. I couldn't write no exclusive on my eye. Black.


Hey, listen, you know what, it might, it might be a honest mistake. Knowing, knowing George, he don't pay them rules. No, Man. Okay, lemme ask you a question. What do you think what sporting event that you, that you play, you are a participant in that You could write an explicit, explicit language on something and it's gonna be okay. You think You can write that on your, on your wristband in the NBA? Yeah. What about your bating glove and baseball? You know what? I might be able to put some tape on my tennis racket and says, F all f all y'all really? Come on Ocho d you know you can't write nothing like that. And he gonna put fing. Hey Bro.


Kid, kid. They just, they just like giving away they money, but, okay. King Kid, different man. Ezekiel. Elliot has only amassed 14 touches over the past three weeks. Eight fewer than Rico do. Doel, DDE Doel, Rico Doel, her Clarence Hill. Elliot is apparently dumbfounded by the lack of opportunity and has spoken to coaches regarding his role. Zeke has rushed for a career low 3.3 yards per carry, 98 yards on 30 carries. He also has just six passes for 36 yards. Doddle, the team's number one running back at this junction has been the most effective.


He's rushed for 221 yards on 54 carries and caught 11 passes. 401. My only thing is seek. What did they tell you upon your return? Did they tell you? Well, If, if you're coming on a return, you should understand that your production isn't gonna be like it was when you first got there. And you're definitely not going to be the number one based on your return. You, you know that already. They don't have to tell you anything. I Guess they do Understand the business. Understand how the game works. I can't think of too many running backs, especially at that position that went from one team, went somewhere else and came back.


It was the guy and Still expected to be the main guy. Still expected to get the same amount of opportunities and carries. Yeah. To be able to be productive. That's not the way it works. That's the, they're gonna go with the younger and fresher legs. Oh, Joe. Every time. Oh, Joe. And put you in sparingly. Do you remember what Zeke was doing when he, when his last year in Dallas? There's a reason why they let him go. Hey Unc, he was hurt. He had that big ass knee brace on. Oh, Joe, Remember and guess. Yes. And guess what? Uncle Had that big ass knee brace? He's two years older. Yeah. Oh, hey listen, his last year ain't got damn, new England wasn't that bad now. No, it wasn't bad when it come from touchdowns. Oh yeah. What was, what was Zeke's numbers in New England?


I don't think he every four yards of carry ocho. He might've as just looking it up right quick. Yeah, man, I, he Was like, I mean he gonna get you some tough yardage now, you know, 31 to fourth to one. Yeah. He could, he could buy, He fallen forward. He fallen full with everything. Yeah. 184 carries. 642 yards. Yeah. 3.5 yards a carry. Right now he's 3.3. Yeah. So what, what am I missing? Ocho, I need you to light You done running back.


I know, I I I know what he missing. He missing more opportunities to get that bitch from a goddamn 3.5 to a six Ocho. That's what He missing. Opportunity. All you gotta do, look at his numbers. They've dipped every year. Yeah. Yards have come down every year. Ocho and that position, that's not a position that you dip every year and then all of a sudden you springboard back up. It's just, it's just not how it works at that position. He has more carries on that those legs. He has more hits on that body. Yeah, you right. It is What it is. It's, and it's okay. But like I said, I need to hear, I need to know what was promised to him.


Okay, Zeke, you are gonna be the guy like you once were, you are gonna be our bell cow back. You gonna be our first. You gonna, yo you are gonna get the lion's share of the, the, the snaps. You're gonna get the lion's share of the character. I need to know what was promised to him. Ocho then I can better assess because I'm looking at it and I'm not, I'm, this is what I thought he would be. Well yeah. Yeah. I I think the fact that I don't even think they promised anything. Huh? They ain't bringing you back and telling you what your role is gonna be. You going, you are coming back. You really don't have any leverage because you're not that guy right now. And you know, you, you can't come in there and be like, and enforce the issue. Hey, I think I need more carriers, I need more opportunities.


You know, I, I think the more opportunities he get, the better they might be off with him offensively. The numbers will wouldn't prove. I think that 3.5 would go from a 3.5 to a six. If you get more opportunities, the less you give him, the worse the number's gonna look. O Joe, he's not that anymore. Ocho his yards precarious have come down every Year. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm not saying, I'm not saying he, but he, not young Zeke, I'm not saying he Ohio State, Zeke, you know, with the stomach out with the abs on. I'm not saying he, you know, I'm not saying he is. Yeah. But you know, I mean he Can, I mean, yeah, he used to have abs now he got a pony keg now he don't have that. He don't have that shirt rolled up no more do he Ocho Oh shoot.


I mean ocho, the yards per carry the average. Right. The total yards have come down every year. Yeah. Ocho he's, he's not what he once was and a lot of times we're the last one to see what we've actually become. Right. Because we've been great in i i ocho in our eyes. Sometimes it's hard for you to see because you only see the reflection Of what you used to be. That's it. That's it. That's a good one right there. Boy. That's it. Ojo. I ain't even gonna write that down, but that's a good one. Yeah.


Ojo what you used to be. Yeah. Well I used to. Why I was, I used to be, I used to be that boy. I was that guy Ocho when I was younger. Yeah. I'm reminiscing right now, Man. I take a tire, a swinging boot. Ocho, I would swing hang the boot on the tree and swing it. Right. And from 15 yards away I could pee in it. Now I pee on my hand. I just say ocho, I, I'm keep it real with you Ocho. I'm just OII gotta keep a towel on the floor. I ain't hit the at night. I ain't hit the toilet yet. I keep a towel on the floor.


Hey, that's a good, I'm just ocho That's a good, you have to have to accept. Yeah, sometimes. Yeah unc sometimes it's hard man. It's don't you? Sometimes it's hard because, because Right. 'cause right now you know how, you know how I be, I think I could do it. I think I could do every goddamn thing still. I even, even at, even at 56, I go in the gym sometimes and I put that weight on there. I was like man, I'm like I'm gonna do, man, lemme take this man. I ain't, man, I ain't 35 no more. Man. Lemme take this ass hit off. Can't do it, huh? Yes man. I was doing them dumbbells. I had Jordan. I said Jordan, I'm gonna get these dumbbells right here man. I hear like three. I say Jordan, probably about a month.


Jordan. I be about eight or 10 of these things. Right Man, man, it's been two months. I walk by and look at him man. I said man, I'm not finna hurt myself. I know I did that. I'm okay not doing it anymore. Now I'm a rep specialist. I used to put all that heavy weight on there and do 2, 3, 4 reps. Nah, 10 to 12, hit them 10 to 12. High Light, light lights. Get on up, get on, get on up outta there. Nothing outta there. Something to stimulate the muscle. I stimulate, I don't annihilate, I annihilate other things, but you know what I'm saying, don't you? But that that a, that a.


Yeah. You don't serve the the muscle I stimulate. Right. The hoo-Ha. I'm not late. You know what I'm saying? No joke. Right, Right. Yeah. You That good Ocho there is a viral video of Dak destroying his Texas mansion so he can build a new one. Yeah. Dax spoke today on how he doesn't appreciate the coverage around his home renovation project that drew national attention. We can't show that. Can't we? We can't show it though, Joe, because we don't wanna get no copyright. So it's Fine. I'm, I'm sure. I'm sure everybody else saw it. Yeah. But Dak that has to understand, you know, you're the quarterback of the Dallas Cowboy. Everything you do well, someone is recording.


If someone's recording anything that you're doing, it's going viral. But it's going viral. I get it. And If That's okay, you know what you gonna get, you've gotta understand what comes with the territory Dak. You know that. You know that. I can't wait to see it. Invite me over, I bring you a gift. Nice little housewarming gift. I think the, you know what I think it is Ocho. I think the thing is that when we normally we see people like that man, they got so much money they tear the house down. They got man that's a million dollar home that they tear down to build on top of it. And so it kind of puts back like, because you know what the first thing happens some Ocho, you go buy a car man, you know how many people starving in the world and Ocho buying a $200,000 car.


Right? Huh? Right. So if I didn't buy the car, how many people in the world would be starving if I didn't buy this car? That same 200,000. That's what I'm saying, People al people always have ideals of what you should do with your money. Your money. Yeah. Always. Okay. I'm like come on people just because somebody wants to get some enjoyment out of their lives and you are not in a position where You can financially or go buy a car or go take a vacation or do X, Y and Z. That don't mean you should try to PPO on somebody else because they can. And that's the first thing. Somebody gave a, somebody gave a million dollars. That's all. He gave a million more than you.


You didn't give 10 Man, if I know you wouldn't. No you wouldn't. Everybody always talk about if I'd have had this, this is what I would do. No you don't. No they wouldn't. No you. No they wouldn't. Of course not. But it's easy to say. It's easy to say what you would do When you don't got it when you, When you don't have to be put to the test to show. Yeah Man, if I had that man I would do X, Y and Z Bro. You get your income tax check and they're gone before you even see it. So when you do get a little money, you not doing what you say you going to do. That's what it, that's what Bo It bothers me when people, I ain't got no problem with d Dax says I like the area that I live in.


I like where I am. You know what, I'm gonna tear this down instead of going and try to pay, you know what another three, $4 million just for a plot of land. I could just tear this house down. That was probably 700,000. I got a big enough plot of land. I'll be right on top of this. And listen, what you gotta understand too. Huh? Is it not as expensive as we may think? We talking about Dallas, we talking about Houston. I don't care. Do you understand how inexpensive, how much bang for your buck you get in Dallas for a House? Yes. Ocho, you Said how much bang for your buck you get for something here in Miami, let's say a house on Star Island.


Right on Man please. Crazy House on Star Island that costs 28 30 million. You can get something like that in Dallas or Houston for five. I'm About eating. Yes. Huge. I'm like what man? What the Ocho? You know why it don't bother me because what Dak doing, don't none of that come out my pocket. Yeah. Yeah. I remember and I'm sure you You can attest to this, when you were younger and didn't have no money and you heard what somebody paid for a car or somebody paid for jeans or a watch, you were like man I would never do that. And when you got some money you could guess what you was the guy that said you would never be, man ain't nowhere in hell I paid 200,000 a car that go get me from point A to point B.


Yep. Point BA What that tell the time. Yep. That's exactly what I'm gonna do. I don't get, I don't get mad at what people do with their money. I get mad if somebody squander somebody else's money. Right. That's what I get. Your money Ocho, whatever you do with the 50 11 jobs, them checks. If Ocho say, you know what, I'm gonna cash all these checks and I'm gonna burn this money, I'm gonna thank you a damn fool. But that's Ocho money. He made it. Right. I don't get mad at people for doing with their money or choose the, the, the lifestyle that they live Ain't Got nothing to do with me.


Right. I ain't losing no sleep. I don't lose sleep. I don't sleep well anyway. But I don't lose sleep about anything. 'cause guess what? I ain't worried. I ain't trying to keep up with the Joneses. 'cause see you trying to keep up with the Joneses. The Joneses. The Joneses are sleeping good because they know how they gonna pay for that. You done got all this ish and you don't know how to pay for it and you ooh, Lord have mercy. I sure hope this happen. I sure hope that happens. Nah. Hey, And, and you know, you know what's scary on too? What's that? And when you think about it, especially in this economy or just in general, when there are people that are trying to keep up with the Joneses that don't make the Joneses money or don't have the kind revenue coming in, like the Joneses, those individuals scare me because they will do anything.


Anything. Yeah. To be able to keep up and maintain a lifestyle that they know they can't afford. Yes. That that, that, that scares me. Yeah. You, you absolutely no One that is willing to do anything. Yeah. When it come to women, when it come to women, I mean obviously, you know my, my my situation is just saying in general women that wanna look a certain way. Yeah. Knowing you don't make that kind of money impossible. There's only one way to get it. And you're willing to go to any length to make sure you maintain and be able to portray that lifestyle how you Look. That's scary. Huh? How you Look?


Because I'll never forget. Hey, how'd you look? I got a couple of dollars on me. Hey, Even swap ain't no Yeah, I know. I know you, I'm with you. I'm with you when you Right. I'm, I'm, I'm just saying that type of stuff scared me. Yeah, for sure know. Just the, just the thought of it. You go, you, you do anything. Shit, shit. You, you, you'll across me just to be able to, you know. Oh yeah Man, You right. I stay, I stay from around that boy. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I'm, that's how I am Mocho. I, I live within it my means I got what I got, man. That's all you. Yeah man. You don't wear nothing, man. If I was, I'm comfortable in this.


Yeah. Yeah. Y'all want, y'all want somebody to be dressed with three piece suit. Y'all want somebody to be a a a lb down bro. I at the gas station. LVLV. Who L be down? You know what, it's, it's okay. Every blue moon. Yes, every blue moon's. Okay. You know to treat yourself. Yes. Yes. It's okay. But every goddamn time you step outta the house. You in you in you in high fashion, high looking like the goddamn mannequin. Yeah. Come on now. Yeah. But it's the women like that ocho, they can't go out the house unless they got no makeup. Got everything to the nine. I like, we going to a ref, we going to a restaurant with the most expensive thing on the menu with $45.


Yeah. Yeah. And you got a dress like that? Yeah. Oh yeah. Makeup. What? What you wearing? Oh, you gonna get dressed? You looking at what I'm wearing? That's it. Ta What? This is all I got for you. And the food gonna taste the same. Right? The Volume.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to podcasts.