
Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages, and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner, and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC, sports reporter and host. And we've got new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower And iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


This Episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening tests. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your colon, colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests. If you have had Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults 45 to 49 and estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older. False positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Paul George is taking a break from podcasting to focus on a championship. I wanna let the podcast be podcast p Family. Know that after today's episode with with Dwight, I plan to take a break from pod, from the pod just to focus on getting my body right, getting mentally right, You know, help this squad make a push towards our goal to finish the season and give ourselves a chance to be in contention to complete compete for championship. Can I ask you question or Told you like that? Can I ask you a question? Yes. What's the, what's the, what's Philly's record again? A whole lot of losses to very few wins. So is there a chance?


Honestly no. Realistic. I they would have to go, remember I had said in order to to, they're like 20 games under 500. They need to win all they, they need to win out. God damn. Is that even possible? No. I mean, the Lakers won 33 games in a row. The heat won 27 games in a row. I mean, maybe somebody's won 20, but I think the Rockets might have somebody. Yeah, the Buck. I mean, listen, I, I, I like, I I I like the decision, You know, in a sense. But I also like Paul George having the platform to, to voice his opinion, to talk about the game. Talk about any other things he want, other, any other things he wants to, wants to talk about when it comes to the aspect of his game, regardless of him being hurt or, or, or hampered or injured right now, people would want to hear from him.


I think the pressure probably coming from inside the house, You know, we're not playing well right now. You're not playing well as you should be. We're not winning. We think you should cut the podcast out. You so You know how it goes man. Yeah, I, I do. I do. I do, bro. Everything is magnified when you lose, when you lose, bro. Everything Is magnified. We couldn't sit on a helmet like we lost the game. 'cause I'm sitting on my helmet in practice. That's why you think we lost. Oh Yeah. Yeah. Oh, my shoes untied. I didn't have my shoes tied when I walked on the field. Man. You know everything. The locker room junkie, man. Ain't nobody picking up the towels. I mean, every Right.


But hey, what do you do? You try anything? I mean, one you losing, you'll try anything to get outta that losing streak. I mean, you dress a certain way, you win a game. Like, and I'm gonna wear the same outfit because that's what we did. Right? I wore the same suit every, oh, we went on the road in nine seven in the playoffs. Yes, Sir. Oh, we beat we beat Kansas City. Hey, y'all better not change that suit. We went to Pittsburgh, beat Pittsburgh. Well y'all better, y'all better wear 'em same suits to the Super Bowl. The mind don't show. We done trick. We done. Hey, it was what we had on. Really? Yeah. Super superstition. Kansas City didn't know we wore the same outfit Pittsburgh, same outfit Gary did.


Right. But I commend him. He know he's catching flack, bro, you playing bad and you got a podcast. You need to be practicing. You need to be getting ready. You Oh, so You know how it is? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Listen, What? Probably that's what probably they're saying. Maybe management came to him and said, bro, you Yeah. You mean up on the podcast a little bit? Yeah. You, you doing too much. Yeah, I mean it's, everything has magnified when you lose it. Huh? It's Everything. It's everything. I just like the fact that Paul George has a, has a platform. He knows the game. He's still active playing the game and just being able to talk about it. You know, people want to hear from him, You know, Whether you lose, Whether you losing or winning, You know, he has the knowledge of it.


But, but I, I kind of understand, You know, the backlash he's getting. I do too. I do too. And that comes along with the territory when you win. Yeah. RP to the chain game. Ocho NFL. Installing electronic system to measure first downs for the 2025 season Talk, memorable chain game moment from your playing days Ocho. Oh, a memorable chain game moment. You know, UNC, that's a good one. That's a good one. When I think about it, I really haven't had any issues as far as the chain game goes except Running ass over when they get, don't drop that. Don't drop that, that chain. Yeah. Mo most of the time when the chains came out to measure, I'm going to the sideline to grab some water, You know.


But I like the idea of the virtual assistants because human error has been wrong many times before. Especially when it comes to spotting the ball. So I like the idea of doing it this way. Virtual assistants has been in soccer. Some have say it's ruined soccer, but I like the fact that they get it right every time. They, they get it right every time. So using this, it eliminates being able to blame the refs for any errors at all. So the calls will always be right. And it seemed to be, this was based on Buffalo not getting it. Oh. Because how many, oh, Joe, how many calls have we seen like this over the years?


Yeah. Yeah. That was clear. That was, that was clear as day on. He ain't get it. He was not over that line. He was not, the ball was tucked in, tucked in his chest. Now, if he was able to extend the ball, which he couldn't do it because he was in the crowd, because it would've got knocked Out. It easy to feel the play. 'cause if he gets knocked out, it's not, you don't get the same s gold line, the ball al you good. You do that in the regulation and you do that in the field play, come out and they knock that ball out. It's A, it's a fun. And he like the guy that knocked out before, remember OCHO and k, he, he get jumped right on it. He jumped right back on it. Yep. Oh. Yep. So I, I look if it's gonna help put people's mind at ease, but You know what people gonna, fans gonna find enough something else to be complaining about. Yeah.


They need to do it for, they need to put it in for holding. They need to do it for this, they need to do it for that come Lord. Yeah. You do realize that humans human element is in this thing For foot. The football game will take five hours if they had virtual assistants for every little thing. Don't Joe, many think that Ben Johnson, the former offensive coordinator Yeah. For the Detroit Lions, took an unnecessary shot at Jerry Goff earlier. Okay, let's take a listen to the sound Outer structure, the off schedule, the creation. That's, that's what stands out the most because that's really the way that this league's going right now. It seems like as much as you wanna make it pure progression, one to two to three, there's just too much variety.


The pass rush is coming down. And to have an athlete like Caleb extend the play and potentially find an explosive down the field. That's what, that's what gets me going a little bit. I I get excited thinking about that because I haven't really been around that since I've been in the, in the, in the league. But I've seen, I've been on the other side and I've experienced it and it's demoralizing when you're on the other side and you're watching that happen to your defense. Mm. I didn't know shot. I, I, Yeah, I don't, I don't think it's a shot. It's the truth shot, obviously. Listen, listen. No, I don't. You think it is? No, it's the truth. K Williams can make off script the plays. Oh, oh Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Listen, there's a, there's a handful of quarterbacks in the NFL that can do that.


And the fact that Ben Johnson's never been around a quarterback that can extend plays and play off script. Most of the time when things break down, you go through progression. 1, 2, 3 is not there. Most quarterbacks, that's a sack for Jerry Goff. Yes. You know, he's not a mobile quarterback. He the, he's, he's your Pro typical Drop quarterback. Quarterback. Go through his stuff, check down. If it's not there, Caleb Williams can extend plays and therefore make the play calling that much more better for Ben Johnson, who's already creative. Yes. So he can be able to do that much more. Look how good golf was with Ben Johnson calling it a plays. So imagine what he can do with Caleb Williams with the creativity from that aspect.


And if things don't work out, You know what? I ain't got the trip because I got Caleb Williams who's the dual threat and could use his legs and extend plays for me and make something happen when there's nothing there. But that's the, and that's the thing. He was asked a question. He says he is looking forward to playing with a guy that can make plays off script. Right. Nothing wrong with that. And he can, that's what Caleb Williams can do. He can make plays off script. You know, you basically, when you diagram the play, that's the play that's gotta get run because that's not what Jerry Golf feels. And that's okay. That's okay. There's nothing wrong with that. They make it seem like, well, damn. So what is the differences? So anybody that think he's taking a shot at, at, at, at Jerry, if you watch Jerry Golf play and you watch Kaylee Williams plays, what do you think some of the differences are?


Ability to make plays outside the pocket. His scrambling ability, his ability to get off script, ability to change arm angles, arm locks. Right. Okay. I don't, You know. Hey, what's the difference between, what's you, what's, what's one of the main differences is between Saquon and, and Derrick Henry Saquon's a little bit more shifted, a little bit more lucid. What you call him runs with a little bit more power. That's not taking a shot at either one of 'em. That's just factual. What's the difference between McCaffrey and this one? When McCaffrey it's, You know, you can put him in the slot, line him up outside, better catch the ball outta the backfield.


A lot of times they took Derrick Henry out. A lot of times they took Sao out on third down. Right. They don't take CAC out on third down. So that's not a knock. We gotta just because you're accentuating the differences that don't mean you're, you're hating or you're knocking the other guy. You're just accentuating the differences between two said players. Right. I mean, but You know how it is, Ocho man, hey, now everybody feel like you taking a shot at the man. I don't think the man was taking a shot at. Yeah. Yeah. Listen, you a a, a coach like that has to be able to explain the differences and what he experienced one place and we're just gonna experience that a new place based on that specific position without it being seen in disrespect.


Yeah. 'cause it's the honor, it's the honest truth. Right. Ocho he also said he would sacrifice both testicles for the Bears to win a Super Bowl. I already got three kids. What would you sacrifice? Hey, first of all, if you get ready, you, you, you ain't gonna get no, you ain't gonna get no wood. Yeah, well, well you can get some wood. You don't need a testicles to get No, no, no, no. Hoo-ha. So how you gonna get, how you gonna get a, put a Popsicle stick up there and hold it like you got a splint? How you gonna get an erection? Oh, you take, you take you, You know, you could take out, you could take out what allows you to have kids do that. So, so no, he said he have his testicles removed.


He ain't say nothing about the vasectomy. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah. Oh yeah. I, I, I don't know about that. I don't know about that. 'cause yeah, I ain't, Hey, I Don't, Hey, hey, I got kid. I'm keeping mind. He gave 'em to me for a reason. Yeah. Yeah, he did. He Ain't want me to have, he wouldn't have gave 'em to me. You, You Right. Listen, you right about that. I'm with you. When you right now, listen, I'm picking up what you're putting down. Speaking of kids, I want one more. What you think? I want one more? I don't know. Ojo. I ain't got no brand. No. Hey, you about, Hey, well, damn, I need to go back to ESPN because you, you talking about another kid, they cost money. I ain't got no brand like that. Nah, I'm, I'm just saying. But listen, listen, I, I'm, I'm, listen, I'm not trying to be funny. I'm, I've always been humble. You know, I'm a very humble person.


I'm very, very respectful. I mean, just with the way things are going. Right, right, right now, man, listen, God has favor. You hear me? Yes. God has favor. And, and, and, and what he doing for me right now? I think, I think, I think one more won't hurt. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna see how, I'm gonna see how my kids feel about it. And if they, if they gimme the green light, I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna go ahead and do that. Just get it out. Get get it out the way. No, Wait. You talking to me? Oh, no. Said No somebody else Or not join. Are you typing this?


Oh no. That ain't happening. What Happened? No, actually sending me something. I wanna know too. Somebody text me. Why y'all don't never text me? I wanna be part too. It's a two man show. You got your producer. Do you got a producer over there? Okay, Aaron text me. What, what they just text unc? No, I just wanna feel, I, I wanna feel part. Y'all be leaving me out like I'm a stepchild. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. How about this here? Bill's head coach Sean McDermott says tush push place should be banned. There's always been a been injury risk with that play. The technique used with the play have been potentially contrary to the health and safety of the players.


Bill used the play 50 ti 55 times last year. Second most in the league. But internal data shows the tush push play in 2024 resulted in zero injuries. Zero injuries. And listen, they don't wanna, they don't wanna stop it because of the injury. They don't wanna stop it because of that aspect. They wanna stop the push force because they have no way of stopping it and ensuring all the situations. Right. And, and really honestly, it only works for certain teams with certain players based on their personnel. But one, the Eagles is Number one. I don't have the statistics in front of me on who else it works for. I think it also worked for Josh Allen too. Yeah, I think they around 87, 80 8% conversion rate. Woo.


Oh my goodness. Listen, I, I'd wanna stop it too. But the fact that McDermot wants to stop it and he also benefits from it, You know, how about, how about also throwing the rule? You know what? On on short, on short on short downs. Your quarterback came run Josh Allen. Yeah, Josh Allen came quarterback sleep. You, you see, you see what that sounds like. Come on now. It's like you're hindering somebody that's good at that, better at something that you are Yeah. Yeah. Because, You know, can't learn how to drive. You don't know how to drive. Hey, anybody that's 16 years of age shouldn't be able to drive. No. Just 'cause you can't drive that don't mean another 16-year-old can. So all, all that tells you is on first and second down, you need to play better defense.


Yep. And keep 'em outta 30 short or fourth and short. But I, I, I tell you, I I tell you what, they keep playing around with all these rules and they continue to change the game and what you grew up loving, it's gonna, it's gonna, it's gonna look like flag football. I'm telling you. I think the thing is Ocho look, the only thing I say is that because I, like I said, I told you, I think we talked about this on Monday. Monday, is that it used to be you couldn't push the runner, it was called aiding the runner. Right? So you couldn't, and then they changed the rules and now I guess they say, well, you can't be behind the line of scrimmage and aid the runner. So I guess if he's down the field, 'cause we see guys, they a them line have been been knocking hell out people and trying to push somebody in the end on or for a first down.


Since the beginning of time we hadn't seen somebody literally Ocho get behind them and push. Mm. But when they, when they first saw this, they should have said, nah, you are violating the spirit of the rule and did away with it then now everybody tried it. They're not as good as the Eagles are. Okay. Because we can't be as good as the Eagles are at it. Let's do away with it. Right. That's, that's what it seems like to me. Because, I mean, I mean that's, that's, they get a lot of support. A lot of people wanna band it. Ocho I heard Atlanta is obviously the package, You know, put it in. You see Sean McDermott here in Buffalo?


Do they have enough to get to the 24 boats to get it out? That's the question. The funny, the funny thing about, it's gonna be funny when they do pass it and they still not able to stop the damn eagles and show y'all the situations. No, no.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt and a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime. Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp. Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network. ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Big's wide receiver T Higgins just posted a cryptic message on Twitter Blue Cap for the second year in a row. Higgins has not received the right contract offer from Cincinnati ocho. What I what I told you. Go. Hey, you bing up. Did I Tell you they, huh? What did I tell you they was gonna do? What did I tell you they was gonna do? I said this. The writing was on the wall. Everybody in Cincinnati, they fuss with me. The fans arguing with me over and over and over and over. We can pay both. We can make it happen. Okay. Not understanding the business side of things. What t deserves, what t deserves and understanding what he can get on the open market they're not going to do.


Right. Because it would be impossible to pay t it'd be impossible to pay Jamar Chase who's going to be the highest paid and set and reset the, the, the wide receiver market and play and pay brother, Tre Hendrickson, Trey Hendrickson. They who can't? They said It's impossible. Then people talk about, oh, the cap is going up like Ain't going that much. Whatcha talking about they're not tying up all the money In three players, in Three players, let alone four Actually be four players Because Burrow got here buddy. Here's the thing. O ocho is that they said they wanna make Jamar Chase the highest paid non quarterback. Okay? Chase is looking to go north for 40. Yes. Y'all have an opportunity to keep this in the thirties, but y'all may be play it out.


And I want to triple crown. So now you're gonna have to come in at 40. Okay. 40 million, 500,000, 41 million, whatever the case may be. I'm Finn to zoom past him by 5 million, 6 million. Right? That's where I'm, and I'm gonna need, I'm gonna need about 90 to a hundred of a guarantee. Yeah, That's what I'm looking at it Joe. Real talk. Yeah. That listen, that's what I, I knew it was gonna look like that. I knew it was gonna look like that. I when it played itself out last year, I kept saying I'm not sure why they're playing because why not pay him? Because you understand what you get in Uno. You know what you get when that product touches the field on Sundays. Yes. He sat out of training camp.


He gave you every opportunity. He gave y'all every opportunity to give him payday. Every, Every chance. Listen now, I I love my Bengals, but it it, it puts us, us again in a, in a tough spot. I was hoping they could, they they could get something done last year. They didn't get it done. He comes out this year, performs without having a training camp, win the triple crown. And now look, now look what position we're in. T Higgins has another strong season. I I said it. Woody can get on open market whatever, whatever deal they gonna send him. Whatever they gonna, they gonna try him. Yeah. They gonna try him. Yeah. And which is why he sent that out. I don't know if it was Duke. What, what Duke Tobin came out and said about not only making them trying to sign all three of them.


I think that's where the cap came from. Yeah. Yeah. You trying to sign them, but somebody gotta, somebody got gotta get the low end of the stick. Yeah. And who did I tell you you had to be, He had to be team, team looking crack that 30 million. And I don't know if they can get to that number. No, I I guarantee the offer was very disrespectful. Yeah, for sure. Again, it's the buss the business side of things, but hey, nobody, nobody wanted to listen to me. What y'all gonna do? What y'all, I listen, I I don't know what we gonna do. I don't, I don't, I don't know what we gonna do now. I think it would've been a little easier if we had Jermaine burden on point, You know, from a mental, You know, mentally off the field, on the field.


If he was able to contribute based on the talent that I know he has, based on what I saw from him and at Alabama, I think they would be a little bit more comfortable, You know, with allowing Tee to go and get what he deserves somewhere else on the open market. But the fact that I don't think Mr. Burton has, has, has matured enough, You know, to, to be able to, to let Tee go. You know, in that sense. I know T ain't Finn stay and play on no franchise tag. Again. That's, that would be the ultimate disrespect. Yeah. Allow him to go get the value and what he deserves. And he worked his, You know, what his tail off Yep. To get. I agree. And what you call ain't gonna give you no discount either. Trey Hendrickson. Oh no, not now.


Now He, I mean so what you gonna have a $55 million quarterback? A $40 million receiver, a 30 plus million dollars receiver and a 30 plus million dollars D lineman? You can't, you can't pay everybody on it. You can't, you, you just can't. OCHO 49 ERs dream. John Lynch says he will honor Deebo Samuels request for fresh start. Deebo has been granted permission to seek a trade and his tenure in San Francisco will end after six seasons. Hmm. Hey, I think we talked about this not too long ago. About great spots for Deebo Samuel. Yeah. I like Deebo Samuel 'cause he's a Swiss Army knife. He can do so many things. He can do, do so many things. Listen from the backfield, from the slot.


Sometimes he can go on outside. You put him in motion, you condense splits. You can do so many things with him. He can return Plus And kickoff. I just make sure Debo Yeah. Huh? He can Return plus and Kickoffs. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Listen, that's why I call him a Swiss army knife. But he needs to go to a place where they're gonna utilize him. Not just stick him in the offense and say, here, this is our offense. You learn, you learn a Pacific position and you go from there. Use them the right way. Be creative. I want to go to, I want to go to a place, obviously I want the West coast system for him. I think that would, that would, that would be ideal. But also have an officer coordinator that has the creativity to use them to a strengths to help boast whatever offense he goes to. He can do too many things very well.


Yeah. He definitely has to go. Someone that, that understands how to use him. Because like you said, you can't use him like a conventional receiver. Okay bro, we're go run a dig Rob, go run a square up. Nah, you have to do a lot of different things in order to maximize what he's really good at. He needs the ball in his hands. That's what he's best at. Yeah. Run after catch. Very Good. So find ways to get it. Toss it to him, hand it to him. Bubble screen, jailbreak screen, whatever you wanna say. Hey. Yeah, he can run occasionally, he can run an occasional day. He's good on the over routes. But you gotta find a way, you gotta have an OC that's creative and understands what he's dealing with. Right. He's not Jamar Chase.


He's not Jetta. He's not a guy that, that really works. Really can work exclusively outside like those two kinds. Cash. But you can bump those guys inside. He's mainly a slot receiver. Yeah. But he can give you value in the kick return. He can give you value occasionally the point return. He can give you the value in a handoff or a toss, a jet sweep, things of that nature. But you gotta understand how to use him because if you think he's just gonna be a conventional receiver, you are wasting him and you are wasting your time and money. Yeah, that's true. That's true. Tom Brady's been recruiting Matthew Stafford to come to Las Vegas. Stafford met Brady in Montana per the report.


They spent time together and went skiing. Brady has been actively trying to convince Stafford to join the Raider. And discussion is ongoing. I don't know. I mean, sta look, Stafford Cap. Stafford wants 50, 45, $50 million. Who Even though he's 36, 37 Ocho the guy played well, right? Oh yeah. Very well. He played very And he still has, he still has an arm for a cannon now. Yes. Yes. I think, me personally, I think Matt wants to go somewhere where he can contend. I don't think the Raiders are quarterback away. I could be wrong, but I think they need more than just a quarterback.


But if you think about it, Ocho who is a quarterback away that has room for him. You, you think the Steelers, you think the Steelers are just a quarterback away. Hey. That that's a that's a good one. The sealers are just a quarterback away. If the defense could play steal a defense like we're used to, used to seeing them do okay. I think they're quarterback away. If the defense can get back to playing, stealing football that we're used to seeing, Do they need another? I think so. Do they need another guy outside of George Pickens? That That would be nice. That would be nice. Because this is, it takes some of the pressure off of Stafford. I'm just saying if Stafford was a quarterback and obviously You know what it would do and if you have another, if you have another dynamic player outside of Pickett is then it takes some of the pressure not only off of Stafford, but then obviously Naja Harris as well.


Well, na j's not back. Yeah. Doesn't look like he's gonna be back. You don't think so? Like, like I said, I but this situation Ocho like I said, the Raiders, I don't think the Raiders are quarterback away. Do I think he'll improve them? Yes. 'cause you look at what's in that division Ocho, you got my homeboy, you got Justin Herbert and you got Bo Nicks. So in order for you to compete, you're gonna have to get a quarterback. Right. You're not gonna be able to, it's the same thing in the a FC North. You got Joe, you got Joe Burrow and you got Lamar. Yeah. So I don't know what Cleveland's gonna do. I don't know what the Steeler's gonna do, but if you want to compete in that division, you better go get your quarterback to compete with him.


You got you, you got, you gotta have one. You gotta have one. Especially Nick, You got Daniels, you got Jalen, Hertz D to a to a degree giant. If you want to compete, you better go get your quarterback. You gotta get a quarterback. Yeah. Even in the NFC North Jerry Goff, you got the Minnesota situation, you got Caleb Williams. So what you gonna do? And you got Jordan Love. You gotta have quarterbacks to compete where the, where the division is quarterback heavy. Right.


I would like to see Stafford stay in, in, in, in, in la, but I don't know Ocho if at 50 million, they're gonna be able to put more pieces around him in order to be successful. I love Kyron Williams. Ooh, He nice Pka. Look, they're gonna move. They're gonna look, they looking to move Cooper Cup. Cooper Cup. Yeah. Offensive line. Maybe you can get an offensive line, but defensive solid defense stack. I love that defense. So that's gonna be a very, very, very interesting situation. Oh yo. The Jersey Vic Victor Wi Hamma gave a child sales for 73,000.


The Jersey Wemby gifted a fan after the December game sold for 73,000 days after the Spurs star season ended. The decision to sell the jersey so quickly raised the possibility that the child's parents had planned to sell the jersey all along. Golden declined to go into the specifics of the cell or how long the company had been in discussion to sell the item. Despite the injury news, his memorabilia market has been impacted by the short term, a rookie card of his sold for $860,100 a record price Saturday night on Gold in addition to the Jersey ocho. You like this?


I mean, listen, I'm sure it was a fan that, like you said before, when we talk about this, a fan that was sitting courtside in order to sit courtside, I'm sure the family, obviously you have to have some kind of, some kind of good money. Yes. You gotta have some kind of good money, man. Yeah. But obviously a a, a huge spike in chunk of cash like that, You know, not knowing their financial status. I'm assuming they felt that was more, more important or more valuable than actually having the jersey itself. But You know what, this does not guys are not gonna want to get fans They stuff. Yeah. Because I'm a look company. I'm gonna see it on, I'm gonna see it on Google. I'm gonna see it on one of these auction sites. Right, right, right, Right. If that's the case, hell, I keep it myself in selling.


That's what I hate. Look, and like you said, I don't know the financial decision of this situation, but it's hard for me to believe that that young man could be sitting court side court and they need they hard up for, for money because like you said, court side isn't cheap. Yeah, you're right. But wait, wait, wait a minute. It depends on the team now. It depends. Now, Lakers, Lakers, courtside Seats. Lakers. Yeah, Lakers. Courtside seats. That's expensive. I don't even want Lakers. Probably the, I think the Knicks would probably be expensive also. Yeah. So, so maybe Boston, I mean San Antonio, what you think? Nah, I think they, what, where were they at Ash? Were they, were they at the Lakers game or were they in San Antonio?


I think they were at the Lakers. Well, hey, listen, lake Lakers, court size seats, man, that's a a down payment for a car man. Oh, I could imagine what that those, those tickets went for a Lucas's first home game. Can you imagine what those went for? Let alone the playoffs? No. Hey, don't even tell me Man. Please. OCHO 2029. It was a Nets game. Nets there at the Nets Ocho, a 29-year-old man is seeking advice from Reddit community after ending a relationship with a woman who had not previously disclosed, disclosed.


She was a mother. The man explained that he had been dating this 25-year-old Julia for about a month and was caught off guard when she mentioned having a seven month old baby. I was taken aback. I honestly thought I misheard her. I thought maybe she was talking about a younger sibling. But when I ask her, she act casually confirmed. She has a seven month old baby. He says he had been enjoying time with Julia up until that point. While he adds that, he adds that he doesn't judge single mothers. He felt blindsided about the information and uncomfortable with the prospect of becoming a stepparent. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen, women, women have to, there's certain things with certain men. Put it all on the table.


Hey, listen, put it all on the table right away. Let let 'em know. There's some men having kids non-negotiable. I can't do it. I I can't do it. Then there's some people like me. If you don't have at least two kids, I'm not even looking at you. I ain't even look, I ain't even, I'm not even looking at you. If you ain't got at least two, that that's just me. That, that's just my preference now. Everybody else, they ain't rocking like that. Why do you want to, why do you want, why do you want to date only wanna date females that have kids? What is it about that? Is that Key? Well, women that don't have kids, most of the time, 98.9% of the time, they never have no goddamn food in the refrigerator. And they don't have no snacks in the pantry.


And they always wanna go out to eat. And they wanna put on and, and, and, and, and give looks. I don't care about you dressing up. I don't care about you taking pictures of your food. Do you have snacks in the pantry? Do you have Capri Suns in your refrigerator? Do you have oatmeal pies? Do you have zingers? Like I need nourishment at three in the morning when we have a little activity horizontal at that. There's a difference. Unc I've dated women in my lifetime when I was younger, way younger, spend the night and ain't no food, but they always wanna go out to eat what we gonna eat today. What you mean you ain't got nothing at home?


No. Going to the refrigerator home. Refrigerator empty. Ain't no food, water to catch it. Every time I date a woman that has kids, there's a certain routine and structure of discipline because she always have to feed the child or feed the kids. Man, listen, boy, 3, 3, 3, 4 in the morning and you go up there and get, get one of them, get one of the kids Lunchables in the Capri sun. Man, stop playing with me, man. Stop Playing with me. Well, the mere fact that he says it uncomfortable with the prospect of becoming a stepparent lets me know that he dates with intention. Right. So do I that I I date with intention two.


He's dating. But if you got two, yeah, if you got two, we gonna make it three. If you got three, we gonna make it four. If you got four, we gonna make it five. The the hell you say, why you laughing, bro? You laughing. Why ain't playing? No, But I'm just saying I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm like, I it sounds like he was genuinely hurt and he really liked this. Yeah, He he was, He was. I mean, just, just put it out on the table. Hey, you have any kids? Yeah, three when I would say she, Hey, you got kids? Yeah. How old are they? Ex y boop boop. Because I'm, I'm gonna put it all out there and then you, do you determine, I I guess it's different ocho because a lot of times when guys have kids, the kids doesn't necessarily, they don't have physical custody.


Like 90, 95% of the, the the woman, the woman, the women do. So I think that's the difference why women is like, and some women like, nah, you got kids. That's a no-no. 'cause I ain't dealing with no baby mama. I'm not dealing with no ex-wife and I totally get that. But a lot of times women are willing to like go past that because a lot of times the men doesn't have physical custody. So the child is not there all the time with women. More times than not, I'm not saying, oh, so don't jump on nine to my, I'm saying a lot, the majority of the time, the women have custody, physical custody. Not to say the child doesn't have, he can go to his parent maybe, I mean the mom or, or the dad, like on the weekends.


Or maybe they alternate every other week, but more times than not the mother have physical custody. So Yeah, That's, You know. Yeah. You know, You know, you gotta think, especially when you young, some of the young, some of the young bulls, You know, just starting out that might wanna start their own family, don't want to deal with a woman that already has kids. He probably knew that, which is why she didn't bring it to the forefront and say it in the beginning. There are some women that are very assertive and, and intensely let You know, well listen, this is what I got this, we, we are a package deal. So if you're not willing to take me and, and Lil Ray, Ray and Cece, we go about your business. Right. You know, go, go about your business there. There's some women that, that don't care in the field. They will find a man that meets their standards and check some of the boxes that will be able to accept their kids.


I mean, I, I'm, I'm, I'm one of those. I don't care. I I I don't care. You know, especially if, if especially if they old. Oh man, come on man, come on now. Yeah. So, bro, I don't know if, if the Reddit community can't help you, that's a decision you gonna have to make on your own. And it seems like you, you like, you're convinced. I mean, for me, I mean if y'all, if she was as, as good, I mean, the mere fact that you thought about becoming a stepfather that lets You know where your head is. Like, man, you really like this woman. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. But that's a lot too unc because Everybody ain't dating with intention, don't you? Yeah. Hey Unc. But listen now. Yeah. You gotta think about it. That's a lot unc to come in to come in and have the mindset.


You know, some people see it as, oh no, I ain't doing that. And, and have to take care of somebody, someone Else's responsibility child. Yeah. Yeah. That, that, that's tough man. Unc, you gotta, you gotta be built different. You, you gotta be wired mentally different. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. That's a, that's, that's a, that's a, that's a tough, that's a tough task. It's a tall task. It is, it is one I'm willing to, it's, it is one I'm willing to take. I climb any lap. Well, I think the thing is for me, the kids, but the other co-parent, how's he? Because you gotta realize if she got kids, there's somebody on the other side that also has kids.


Mm. What's he like? Mm. Is he gonna just be popping up and ah, oh, you think you got this in? He think he all that. Right. I can't do that now. I can't do the drama. I can't be out somewhere and he pop up. I can't take the kids to go get a haircut. Why you get, why you let this bull four get my son haircut? Yeah. See, I ain't, I ain't never had, I ain't never had any problems. No, I ain't had no problems, but I'm just, I'm just, I'm just saying. Right, right, Right. But You know, because I saw, I saw the thing, the dude, the, the, the boy had the, he the guy, I guess the guy, maybe it was a stepdad sir, or maybe it was the guy she was dating.


He had the little boy to get a haircut. It put the barber in an uncomfortable spot. Oh, why you got my son? I ain't telling him. He ain't get no. Oh Lord. Yeah. That, that, that's a lot there. Yeah. See all, all that, all that has to be discussed beforehand. Right. All that has to be discussed beforehand. If you have a child with someone and you're getting ready to date someone and the child is not his, therefore I think father should meet. So there's an understanding. You know, now when you, when you, when you do it your way and you're vindictive with the father of your child and you date anyway, even if you do have intent and you don't respectfully let him know, okay, this is who I'm dating, this is who I'm going to be dealing with.


You can come and meet him, whatever, whatever. So he's comfortable with that if he does decide, because you have to treat my son as if it's your own. Correct. Yep. You're absolutely right. Don't YI mean, I've been in that situation. Look y'all happy with this, y'all happy with this guy? Y'all trust him. I'm gonna trust y'all. Judgment. Yeah. I'm gonna trust your judgment. Yeah. Everybody ain't bill for that. But Long as my kids don't come back with no report, we gonna be good. Yeah. Now y'all know me. Yeah. Yep. Okay. Yeah. Okay. I'll tell you one thing. The more kids, the better. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what they, I don't know what they be talking about on Twitter.


Nah. You Know, but my pockets can't stand that


These days. It feels like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up, give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today. Visit or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


It's time for last segment of your, it's time for q and a. Wait, we just started. We, well, you spent 15 minutes on your rant. I ain't even get, I ain't get to talk about my house. We gonna get, okay. Tell us about the house. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hey, so, so Chad, I got, yep. Look at it. Look at that. Look, look at that. Look. You see the lake back there on, you see the lake back there? That's where I can go fishing. So this's right here. Seven thou, seven, 7,000 square foot, six bedroom out there, out there in, in, in Davy. I went in, went and looked at it this morning, put the little, little, little la moula and escrow.


So my little apartment I'm in right now, right? So I'm trying to time it perfectly. I'm gonna move in. My move in is April. So I'm trying to time it perfectly and get my furniture. So everything is set. What I'm gonna do first, my game room, I need my boot, my Boost Mobile sign. I need it up. I need up, I need that up. I need my PC and everything set up first. Then I'll work on the rest of, I'm gonna work from the bottom up because I'm gonna start with my game room first. I'm not even gonna have no bed. I don't need no bed. Long as I have my stuff set up for Nightcap, and You know, I'm, I'm, I'm happy, happy, happy about that Again, I told you, man, God has blessed. God is blessing the kid. Man, I'm happy. You know, I got a little three car garage and thanks to, thanks to Nightcap, thanks to The Volume, thanks to you for the opportunity.


You know, life has been unbelievable and I told you all, all, all 2025, I'm cutting up. I'm put, I'm putting that shit on. I curse. I had to say that. I'm putting that shit on All season long, all 2025. And then after this year, I'm going back to targeting h and m. I just wanna have some fun. I wanna enjoy the fruits of my labor and the work that I put in. And that's pretty much it. But again, thank you. I'm Enjoy the fruits of my labor, but I ain't got no money. So I'm gonna just hold off you. You Ain't got no what you want me to see that 5,200? That would be nice Because I'm, I'm, I'm sitting, I'm sitting pretty heavy in there. I see, I see. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That you bad. You, you? Yeah. You talking about Break bread?


I'm gonna break next one of the two. Something getting broken. Dr. Frankie Al Bellamy. Hey fam, love the new Shay. La Poitier real. Here's to you Ocho. Congratulations on your new job. Nothing but the best for both of you. Thank you, doc. We really appreciate the support. Justin said. Luca drank. It is not a big deal. LT played with a Colombian Cole and is regarded as the best defensive player ever. I ocho tell uncle about TK Kirk. TK Who? TK Kirk. TK Kirkland. TK Kirk. Boy. Tk. Hey, TK Kirkland. One of the funniest, funniest men alive, huh?


Oh, You went to his comedy show? Oh yeah. I, I, I mean I've been seeing TK for years. Listen, not only that, you got to hear talk on his podcast, man. TKT TK be spitting. T how you thinking? I heard on, I think I saw a little snippet on the Breakfast club, but I don't, I don't really, I don't know why, but hey, he, he's good. He's good. He'll make you question some of the decisions you've made in the past and have you thinking about what to do going forward. Eat the real deal. I'm Have to check it out. He's the real deal. Moses said LeBron loca. Luca's going to eat LeBron cookies now. Nah, That's a good one.


I'm sure LeBron didn't mind sharing the cookies. But you ain't finna take you, you finna take all the cooking and just, just because if you got a good reason, okay, OCHO cookie will spoiled, okay, blah blah blah. But just to take them because you have that type of boy, you gotta be careful. Aaron Owen says, I'd love to see the Lakers versus the Cavs in the finals. I couldn't think of a more compelling matchup Lakers in the Celtics. That's a more compelling matchup. We had it all in the sixties. We got it in the eighties. Now we're getting in 2020s. She Pope said Unc Ocho, I hear former NBA player Vernon Maxwell say rather he'd rather have the money now over the rings.


What would you prefer today's society? The money or the championship ring? Well, you can't eat them rings. No. Them rings are great for conversational pieces, right? Them rings when it's time to talk about stats and accolades and what you've done and how many rings you won. You know, in comparison, especially when it comes to sports debating. Oh that's beautiful. That's lovely. You know, that's great to have. But that money is different, huh? You can't eat them rings and not most of the time. If you think statistically when it comes to athletes that aren't good with their money, when they are playing two years removed from the game, You know 98%, 70%, 80%, whatever it may be, there is no more money because they try to maintain a lifestyle that you can't keep up with.


Once you stop playing. What they gotta do with them rings. Huh? They gotta do what? That one? Yeah, you got to For me, Ocho, I don't know Vern Vernon, I don't know Max's financial status. Yeah, I don't know how much he made when he played. Yes Sir. I get asked that a lot. I'm glad I don't have to make that decision because I took care of my money and I still got my ranks. Yes sir. Yeah. See, everybody didn't like you, huh? Everybody. You are fortunate. You are one of the few, statistically you in the 15%, Excuse me, you right Ocho, you are absolutely right.


I didn't make a whole lot of money. Ocho. I mean, you gotta realize, I came here as a seventh round draft pick. I made 63,000 my first year, 70 3002 25, 3 25. I was the first team all pro made 325,000, made the Pro Bowl for the second time. It is what it is. I just realized I was already starting behind the eight ball. So I needed to go in the overdrive as far as saving. But in the process of me trying to go overdrive, I got three kids. Yeah, Yeah. I'm with you now. I'm picking up what you Put down. I'm gonna take the little bit of money I got. I I, I did good with my money. I'm gonna take the money I got.


I didn't, I I didn't make 50 million. I didn't make 70 million. But this, I made Decent living. I was able to, This what you gotta understand. Huh? You didn't make 50 million. You didn't make 70 million. But what you did make, You know what to do with it. Yeah. See, if you got $20 and you can't budget 20, you ain't gonna be able to budget 200. Right. If you got 200 and you can't budget 200, you ain't gonna be able to budget 2000. If you got, if you got 2000 and you can't budget 2000, what you think you gonna do with 20 million? If you have no structure of financial discipline, it doesn't matter how much money they give you, you gonna run through it regardless. Because you never gonna know when to stop. When you're playing a game of football.


The money's coming in so goddamn, I'm sorry, the money's coming in so fast that you don't realize how much you're spending until you're done playing. You don't realize it goes fast. It does. And you look at the numbers today. Look at the numbers today. Anybody 10 years from that, anybody go break. Anybody go broke with the kind of money they making in, in pro sports, now you need your ass whipped. It ain't how much you make is how much you keep, You not listening though. If you getting this much money in today's game, but you don't have the structure of financial discipline and what to do with it, and you try to, you try to maintain a certain lifestyle long after you've done plan it, it's gonna go Okay.


But you don't need five houses. You don't need 15 cars. I got two houses. I got two. It's about the image, but Down the image. What? I know another image when you broke. Yeah. But unc listen, they get caught up in it. They get caught up in the lifestyle. They get caught up in the cars. You know, the jury, the fashion, the women, the entourages, it goes fast because it's too many miles to feed. You gotta tell everybody. Yes. You scared to say no. I mean, nah, it, it, it's so, it's so much. I Do, I it's so much, I mean, it, it, it is Ocho I mean, I like, I mean I I I was a rock guy because the logic one was one of my favorite players.


And watch Max and Kenny Smith, they had a Herre, they had Otis Thorpe, they had Sam. I am. Yeah. Man, I, I, I guess now Ocho You know, when you look back at it and you think about the money you made. Yeah. And what you, you think about the money you made and how much you actually had to kept. Right. You like, damn, where did that money go? That's the question you asking, man. Ocho, I know I didn't spend that much money. Ocho Hey Bro, it don't take it. Hey man, when you have money going out and none coming in.


Trust me, I know when I got let Ocho, when I got let go by CBS, I was like, man, so I had to go in my own pocket and I would do a recap of Sunday's game. I would find us a studio in Atlanta called the nursing films. My people reached out and said, okay, we can shoot it. We'll edit it. We get it out by the end of boom. But I was, every time I was doing, I did that every week on Cho. That was $12,000 outta my pocket. I ain't got no money coming in on Cho. Yeah. All I got money's going out. I still, and after that on Cho, I got the kids I gotta pay. I got, I got girls, You know, girls insurance is a little bit more than boys. 'cause they get, have this thing, they, they got features that can cause them to carry another human.


Yes sir. And they at that age. Right. Talk to me now. So, And let me, it's so funny when just on the topic to give you better context and give those, that, that obviously people know that I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm frugal or, or cheap or whatever I like to call it. And I'm just financially conscious to give you better context on how good I was with my money. I messed up in 2011, I messed up, I took accountability. Right? Yeah. So, boom, career gone just like that. I was so good with my money throughout my plan days where it ended abruptly. Wouldn't nobody touch me for seven years, no money coming in 50 11 kids.


But I was good. Why was I good? Because I took care of my chicken the right way. You know, fast forward, You know, the past four, five years, it's, it's been different. Huh? It's been different to be in a position now. And I thank God all the time. I thank God all the time because I'm in a position now where I'm making just as much as I was when I was playing. And I'm talking about I'm on Prime. It's, it's, it's, it's different. Yep. You know, I could say God is, God is good or I could just say what my grandma always used to tell me back in the day. It is what it is.


God is great philosophical. Truth of wisdom. Shannon, is that a great patch of, of your hair? Yeah. What you mean a patch? Yeah. I got a bunch of it. Catch me next weekend. It's gonna be Jet Black nigga. You gonna think, you gonna think I'm a Pakistan? That's how I think you gonna be Malik Thomas. What's up Uncle Ocho? I just wanna let y'all know truck drivers really appreciate the show. I'm when I'm sleepy, y'all save the day. Love from south Georgia. Malik, thanks for the support. Do You know how we do it down in the south? The dirty south Baby Man, I appreciate your support, Ocho and I, everybody at Team Nightcap, man, we really appreciate all the support, especially the one that's been down from day one.


The way you watch our videos, you download it, you listen to it, you retweet, you post. Thank you for your support, Malik. Thank you bro. Keep it going. J 2 1 3. Hey Uncle Ocho. My random question for you guys today. Would you rather live a hundred? Would you rather live with a hundred non venomous snakes? 200 rats, 500 roaches or two fruit flies at a thousand square foot apartment. Hey, them fruit flies aggravating. Boy. No, I'm gonna kill hell outta them. I got a spot swap. Are fruit flies? Yep. That's impossible. They're too small and they aggravating. That's all right.


They ain't no, they can't be no smaller than that. And I kill hell out of that. So I don't want no venomous, I don't want, I don't like snakes. I'm gonna chop their head off. I don't like no rats. I'm gonna kick hell outta them and I'm gonna s squash in all the roaches. So gimme the two fruit flies. And guess what, I was at a thousand square foot. It wasn't apartment, it was a home and we had rats, roaches and snakes. Now venomous. Snake. Snake. Hey listen. So I'm Good. All of that. Yeah, all of that. We had rats, remember we look, we had rat snakes and chicken snakes. We ain't have no, no anacondas, no boy, no pipe or nothing like that. We had rats rat, we had rat snakes, You know, chicken, snakes, snakes like that. Because if you got rats, the snakes gonna come.


Yeah. I'm just letting You know. Yeah. Well I have a question. Yeah, we, we had, I listen, I I I'm, I'm at the city. Huh? I had roaches. We had roaches. Yeah, we had mice. We didn't have rats. We had mice. Yeah. And we had gardener snakes. You know what garden sticks are, Huh? Yeah, I do. Yeah. Little green. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, listen, we, we had those three, no matter what grandma macho had to do as far as keeping the house clean, they, they, they, they, they, they was there. Yeah, they was there No matter what. But plus, once we had, we had, we had a, we had a farm. So you had hogs, hogs and slop ra in there. So the snakes pumped. The snakes gonna be there. Right. So you just, hey, you just live with it. And so that's why, You know, like I ain't really, I'm not afraid of snakes.


I don't like them. I've killed enough growing up. I can't remember last time I actually had to kill one. But yeah, we catch 'em on the screen door, tried to come in the house. We pulled a couple out of the closet. Some was on the front porch. It is what it is. Yeah. We had roaches. Yeah, we had rats. Bro, you in the country, you live on a farm. What the hell you think you gonna have? Look. But keep my stuff clean now, sir. Boy, a Woo Dude said, do y'all think Ab Julio Jones or birth first Ball hall of Famers? Absolutely. Just look at the numbers. They even, I mean there's no, there's no need to ask that. Basically Hall of Fame is based on numbers, You know.


That's it. Look at the numbers. First ballot case close. Do I believe Julio get in on the first ballot? Yes. Do I think AB will? No. Alan Fletcher Ocho. This was one of the best shows. You have critiqued spots and good stuff. They woke up another monster. Hey, I'm feeling good today, boy. I see. I'm feeling good today. Listen, you trying to get off the show and I got all this energy. Good. Save it for tomorrow. And these Farm d Uncle Ocho, please send, send, get well soon to my sister Alicia, who was in a fire and has burns over 50% of her body and had years of recovery ahead of her.


Much love to both of you. We sure will. Elise. Yeah, our prayers go out to you. Most definitely. Hopefully you have freedom of recovery. I am so, so sorry to hear about this incident, but much love, pray, stay prayed up. God, God have you and Speedy Recovery. But we are so sorry here at Nightcap Ocho and I we're so sorry to hear about this incident. Wish you the best though. Yes. Hey, You know what? I forgot to tell you what, I'm going to Houston tomorrow for what? I ain't, I ain't, I ain't been to Houston in a long time. Oh Lord. My daughter, You know my daughter chat anybody in in the, in the, in Houston in the chat. I'm going to Houston tomorrow. My daughter who runs for University of Kentucky.


I know she, I know she probably watching. Hey baby, I love you daddy. Love you. She what up Twin? They're running at College Station. Okay. University take, yeah. Yeah. So, so they running out there. So I'm gonna make a pit stop in Houston first on Thursday. So they track me Friday and Saturday and if I'm not mistaken, they told me from Houston to College Station, ain't nothing but the hour drive. Yeah. Okay. And then my daughter gonna drive down from Prairie View. So she gonna meet my other daughter. She gonna drive from Prairie View and meet me down there. So we gonna have like a little Family get together that What's up. Get together. Yeah. Good deal. Enjoy the fam Ger 47. Uncle Ocho is my 27th birthday today. What do you think the nighters need to do this off season to contend and how far will the Warriors go in the playoffs?


Happy birthday. Hopefully you did something fun today. What? The war, first of all, they're gonna probably need to get Brock Purdy resign, get healthy, get Christian McCaffrey back healthy, get Brandon IU healthy. That's going to help. They're gonna have to show up the defense. I mean Ward, I think Ward is free. Ah, Ray Warren is back. You still have Bosa, you have Leonard Floyd, you have pieces. I think the biggest thing for them, Ocho, is to get healthy. Yeah. That's Get Christian McCaffrey back. Get Brandon IU back.


That's definitely gonna help get Bro Purdy signed. How far were the Warriors go in the playoffs? Well, right now they're in the 10 spot. It's all about matchups. Do I think they can get to the Western conference finals? No. 'cause I don't believe they can beat OKC. I don't believe they can beat the nuggets. I don't believe they can beat the Lakers, but we'll see. Dangerous Al. If your son ask you which sport should you start playing at an early age, what sport would you tell him? Baseball, Soccer. Baseball. Soccer, Baseball. How many, how many American born of soccer players? Listen, you said, listen, I'm not telling him to play baseball.


I'm telling to play soccer simply for the foundation of having your footwork together. If you able, when you get a little older, but if you start soccer early, if you start soccer early, like I did, I still have the greatest feet of all time. That, that's another story. But if you start soccer early, it creates a certain funda, a certain fundamentally discipline that other sports can teach. Every sport is from the waist down, hockey, footwork, soccer, footwork, football, footwork, basketball, footwork. It all starts with the lower extremities. If you play soccer, your feet move at a different at it is just, it's different. So when you transition to something else, you are always moving two steps ahead of anybody in that sport.


Hell, Baseball. Because if you don't start playing, if you don't start playing at a young age and you see that curve ball, you see that slide, you ain't doing it. Nah. So baseball, listen to Me. Can I ask you a question? Yes. Think about all the kids that played baseball early and the small percentage that make it to the big leagues. Yeah. Even smaller percentage plays Hawk soccer. How many, how many, how many, how many football players you think played soccer coming up? How many you think played basketball coming up? But You, you, you forgot what I just said. I was just saying soccer. Simply speaking on what it can do for the footwork. Once you transition into the sport, you actually want to play Well, if you don't play baseball a little soon enough, I don't care what your feet look like, you ain't hitting that curve ball and you ain't hitting no 105 mile an hour fastball.


Who ain't You? That concludes this edition of episode. Oh man. We leaving? Yeah.


This concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join the Nationwide 5G network today. See a new Boost Mobile sign. That's our roadside. So when we have, when I'm on the road, you'll see this Ocho hopefully goes to his grandmother's house and get his, but hey, remains to be seen.


Let's do one More question. Yeah. Do one more question. No, we ain't got no more questions. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you. So sorry again. I was late. That's on me. The meeting ran longer. We could have been, I mean, if I could have had Jordan the key, I've made it here on time, but Jordan had to sit up because he didn't have the key. But that's on me. I was late. I shouldn't have been late. Won't happen again. I promise you that. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. What better way to celebrate the 2025 year. Hopefully it's off to a great start for you than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter.


Now if you can't find it, any city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your home. Please drink responsible and stay safe. Make sure you follow my media company page on all of his platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We just dropped our Super Bowl show shirts and hats. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are very limited. And remember, once they're gone, they're gone. Ocho got a new apartment he addressed. Whoa, Whoa. Hey apartment. I mean 7,000 square feet. Six bedroom. Ain't no apartment. Ocho got a new home. Congratulations, Ocho. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm sure You know, You know who be over there to help you decorate it.


Get her space picked out. Who that, that conclude? That concludes night camp. I'm up. Heath Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night. Hey, I love y'all, The Volume.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning. You write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPG Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC, sports reporter and host. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your Podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris. I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.