
Hi everyone. It's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from The Today Show. Nobody does the holidays like today from festive performances and great gift ideas to tips for the perfect holiday. Fes, join us every morning on NBC and make today your home for the holidays.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Now here's the kicker. The PayPal debit card earns you 5% cash back in a monthly category of your choice, up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. So groceries, health and beauty, gas, apparel, restaurants. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Instacart, Sephora. This month, it's all about that apparel. I got a crazy schedule. I shop online a lot. Snag a suit here or there. Fresh gear, 5% cash back adds up fast. And signing ups easy. Just download the new PayPal app to sign up and you're ready to start earning cash back on your everyday purchases. Pay smart, earn cash back. Enjoy peace of mind with a PayPal debit card. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app cashback earned as points you can redeem for cash and other options. This card issued by the Bank Corp and a person went to license by MasterCard International Inc.


What's good, Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We've all got a thing, an obsession for some of uss Vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect, they all live under one roof. eBay, it's for clauses. Get filled with statement pieces and vintage vs. Or must have sneakers wait for you. And Designer handbags are the real deal on eBay. Doors Open to stacks of the rear trading cards in a garage stock with all the car parts you need for any do it yourself Job. eBay is home to whatever thing you're into that keeps you up at night. eBay things people love The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draft King customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance, c dk nng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Who they? Who that? Hello? Who that? Who that? Who that? Who? They. Let's, let's start. Let's, Hey, listen, let's start the night off, right. Who they, Hey, say it for me real quick. Say it for me. Say it for me. Say who They, They find they, they finally, they finally won a game. They finally, Hey, they finally, y'all know who is Thanks. Welcome to another episode of Night Camp. I am your favorite old shutter shark. He is Liberty City's own bingo's Ring of Fame, honoree winning Bengal Ring of Fame honoree. Long as long as you know the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's chant Ochocinco Johnson. And we wanna welcome you to another edition of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor.


Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank you for supporting us, and hopefully you'll give us your continued support because without you, there can be no us. Make sure you check out Shea by La Poitier. We do have it in stock and the holidays are upon us. Now, if you want to receive it, you need to order it by December 18th to make sure you get it by New Year's. That is the Gary, that's the cutoff December 18th. We can assure you, you'll get it by New Year's. If you can't find it any city or state near you, order it online by December 18th and we can assure you, you'll have it before the holidays. Please. One more favor, please drink responsibly.


Go check out my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with our newest release that just dropped last week. New t-shirts, new sweats. We even got stocking stuffers, beanies, cools and mugs. I remind you quantities are limited. So please get yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. Our first spring stop tour, or on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. February 6th in New Orleans. Be there. You don't wanna miss it. Oh, Joe. Yo. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Let me have my moment. Let me have my moment.


If your team didn't win the night, I don't wanna hear you stay foot or ball. Huh? You hear what I'm talking about? What? Hey, my team gonna buy. Hold on. Does that count? Yahoo? Listen, we did that in Jerry's world. I wonder how Jerry's feeling tonight. Huh? I wonder how Jerry's feeling tonight. Huh? What? What You bro, do me a favor real quick. Gimme, do me a favor real quick. One of what's that? Two teams that nobody wants to see if we get into the playoffs is us. Did you see how defense played tonight? We played a little better. We played a little better. Hold on. Did you, did you see the best? Did you see the best receiver in for all tonight too? Chase going off? Yeah. Continue. Name and Jamar Chase. He has the moner called seven 11.


You know why you got the called seven 11? 'cause he's always open. And every time he touched the ball, you gotta hold your breath like this because he might take it to the house. How many games have you won to date? How many games have you won to date? One? No. How many games did the Bengals won to date? Oh, Y'all won all the five? Oh, We listen, we won all the five. So some people in the chat, you might be laughing at five. Not really under understanding the significance of what five really means. If you're Christian in the chat. Five. The definition of five in Christianity is Grace. Okay? Lemme tell you else what starts with five. That's really good. Let Jackson. Five. Huh? What about five guys? That's good too, huh?


Remember the high school? Remember you was at Savannah State, you had five girlfriends. You remember that? Huh? I just had one, huh? No, I don't. Oh, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You told me that story. I tell you what, how about this Here, I got one more thing. What about, what about a high school athlete? You might be five star. Mm Yeah. Yeah. You brag, you bragging about beating the Cowboys at Jerry World. Who? That? Who? That All you did, all you did did was a Huh? You from out of town? Yeah. You took, you took the local freak and made it your girlfriend. That's all you did. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You beat the cowboys. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. What's with the disrespect? You beat the cow. Hold on. You making team like y'all beat.


Did your team play tonight? No. Did your team win the last game they played? Yes. Remember we beat the Browns, okay? Oh, we, oh, we hooping to hollering about beating the Browns. Is that what we doing? Are we hooping to holler about beating the Browns? That's all I'm asking. That's, That's, that's Record's. All I'm asking you, you tell What's our Record? Wait, stay with me now. You telling me I can't hoop and holler about beating the Cowboys in Jerry's world, which is America's team. But you happy about beating the Browns? They only won one game. Who Won one game? The Cowboys are only one game in Jerry's world. They lose by an average of 18 points. A game they lose By an average of 18 points a game. But they dominate the headlines in the media outlets.


We ain't talking about the headlines. We talking about the football field. What they dominate. We Talk, listen, we talk about the football field. I'm telling you who we beat. I'm telling you who we beat. Who they, who they, who They think they going to beat them bango. Who? They, who? They, They finally, they finally, they want a game. How they, I'm feeling Good. They finally, I'm feeling good. They finally, they finally don't won a game. They finally, they finally, they finally don't won a game. Yeah. Ever since you said y'all, man. Hey, joy said we about to go off. We about to win eight of our next nine. Whoa, whoa, whoa. That was two games. Whoa. Don't do that. Don't do that. 'cause it's an opportunity. We run the table Now. You do know on, on schedule. We do have your Broncos right Now.


Y'all gonna run the table. You, You do realize we got the Broncos on the schedule, right? Yes. Okay. Who gonna start? Jamar Chase. Er who? PF two. Hey, lemme tell you something. When Uno get a, when, when Uno got One versus two, You know, the PS two came out. Well, you know, a year the PS two came out. I don't Okay, but it's still, well, hey, But they sold. It's, it's, it's outdated. It's outdated. No, they ain't, I can that see How many PS twos? Lemme see how many PS twos they done sold a day. I think it's the most, most popular gaming console. Is it? Or is it not Ocho? It's not, it's definitely not. Okay. The most popular gaming console is a PS five, unfortunately.


Just, just, I just wanna let you know that PFYI two, Hey, don't, don't, don't make nothing up either. I ain't gonna make nothing up. Patrick s is my dude. That's my guy. Obviously. I remember the battles with his dad, you know, back, back, back in my day, you know, when Pastor C was with the chief, when he is with the Dolphins, we had some good battles. But I'm telling you what's gonna happen when Jamar Chase has his, you, Hey, enjoy this victory. Oh, Joe, and you what victory. Enjoy this victory. We, why you worried about what we got? Wait a minute. What are we doing? What are we doing? What you what? Let's, let's not disrespect my Bengals tonight. This, this Is, I'm saying enjoy the victory. Okay. Hey, say who they real quick for me. Just say who? They one time. Just one time. Say who? They, They finally the biggest beat the Cowboys 27 20.


The Bengals improved. The five and eight, the Cowboys fall to five and seven. Yeah. The Cowboys blocked the punt. But since he got the ball back after, look, I did not get the pronunciation of young man's name, but I'm gonna say ao. Why? Hey, why, why? Why did he teach the ball? I can't pronounce his last name. Why Did he touch the ball? Why? Why did he touch the ball? I'm just curious. Why did he try to touch the ball? He tried to pick, tried to be a he. Because what happened? You remember when they on side kicked it in Washington? And what did a guy do? Ocho instead of falling on it, what did he do? Ocho He picked it up and ran it back for a touchdown. Yeah. So now we got guys wanting to be a hero. You see what happens? Yeah. Now see, everybody was applauding. He ran it back. Yeah. You accepted something in a win you never would in a loss.


Yeah. Boom. Boom. Yeah, I'm prophetic. Now. Everybody knows if you are on specialties, if you block a punt Yeah. And a block, a punt, a field goal or PAT. Yes, sir. If the PAT doesn't matter, but a field goal and a a, a a, a field goal and a punt. If the ball is behind the line of scrimmage, you can pick it up. Yeah. Because even if you don't get it, the ball did not go past the line of scrimmage. Right. Once the ball goes past the line of scrimmage and your ass touch it, that is considered a fumble. That is a change of possession. Yes, sir. The ball belongs to the team that recovers it. Yeah. You can see John Fossil, his dad was my offensive coordinator. He used to be the ball board with me when I was in Denver.


Right. So I know John Fossil since he's probably 10. You see him on his getaway. Getaway. Yeah. I'm finna be a hero because I remember the guy in Washington, he got him a touchdown on a scoop. His score on a onside kick. That's my turn. Yeah. Now look at it. Listen. And, and there really no excuses, especially, especially that situation because, and You'll get the ball right there. Oh, Yeah. Oh, in meetings, you go over that situation, you go over all possible scenarios to make sure something like that doesn't happen. So there's really no excuse outside of having a lapse of a, a lapse of judgment, hero lapse of judgment in a very important situation. And honestly, it, it might've cost actually.


Well, hell, it did. It cost 'em the game. It cost him the game. It did. Matter of fact, our defense was playing so well to me, even if they did get the ball in that, in that scenario, I think the defense would've stopped them. And we'd have went down and scored anyway. And the Bengals gonna win tonight no matter what. 'cause the football guards, the football guards were on our sides tonight. Not only were the football guards on our side tonight, we got some breaks that we haven't gotten all year. And it's about this time You see Joe Foreman the ball and your lineman with Johnny on the spot. Yeah. Woo. I said, oh Lord, you about to cry again. Hey, Listen, I, I, listen, I said it. I tweeted it out. Unc, if we hit lost this game tonight as emotional as I was last time we did the show in the Bengals lost, I wouldn't have be, I wouldn't have been able to take that.


I wouldn't have been able, able to take that kind of heartbreak two weeks in a row. I, I just can't. I know, I I I wouldn't have been able to do the show. I mean, you could, you could have find me. You could have suspended me, but I, I, I just, just, you would have to give me some type of grace and not have to go through that emotional rollercoaster yet again. If we were to lose, I can't take that. Like, it's been a bad, it's been a bad month of me. It's, it is been a bad two months for me. The Bengals losing, you know, amongst other things. And, and I just, I just can't seem to get it. Right. But the, When, when, who that, when who? Yeah. See, you can't even do it. Right. Coughing.


When Joe, when Joe threw that flat route. Yeah. I tweeted, I'm like, that's incomplete. Yeah. Never game per never game. Oh. Now see, normally when I tweet something about your el, all the troll. Yeah. They like to say Captain obvious. Yeah. They are now. Oh, you a liar. You just, you hate the cowboy. You hate, bro. I'm just going by the letter of the law, the rules. Yeah. He bobbled it and he never really got full control over it. Control. Yeah. He didn't make a move. Yeah. You have to turn up into doing this is not a football move because he didn't take a step. All I did was tell you what, what was gonna happen. Matter Of fact, I got a question for you real quick for those in the chat. Yeah. Understand. Don't understand what a football rule is. Once you have control of the ball, how many steps is it considered a football rule before a move incomplete?


Or if you, if you get, if you get a peanut punch, it's considered a fumble. How many steps? It varies to, to the officiating crew. Some people say two, some people say three. Some people let you get down one. Right. But I don't think he made a football move because all he tried, because he bobbled it. Right. And by the time he secured it and turned, he didn't take a step. He just turned. Yeah. I already knew what it was gonna be. Because if you understand the rules, maybe if he had taken a step Right. Okay. Maybe you could say, well damn. But because he was babbling it ocho and put it in in world, I said, okay. Yeah. It is what it is. But Michael was beside himself on the sidelines. Yeah, he did.


And then he walked off the field early. He Was hurting boy. He was, he was hurting. He was hurting. Rightfully so. Because defensively, despite what they looked like, the entirety of the season, the last two weeks, they played some good football defensively. They, they played some good football. Now, I'm, I'm saying it obviously can get better, but it was abysmal all goddamn season. Which is why they've been in the situ. It Still was Hold on, hold on. Lemme get something, lemme pull this up for you. Yeah. The Bengals have 433 yards. You got, damn right. We did. We we have the MVP, we have the MVP right now. We have the NFL's MVP right now. And the fact that he's not in, he's not in the conversation, is simply because of our record. That's all. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just, just letting you know he's the MVP.


Well, how many, how many times could we said that about Matt Stafford when he was in Detroit? Well, whoa. All the numbers that He put. Whoa, whoa, whoa. We are in 2024. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. Don't talk about what master Did when Detroit. What's your win loss record? Who? You, you talking about? Who they Yeah. Who they? That's us. That's us. Yeah, exactly. You mad? Look, I thought Chase, I thought Chase had a little trouble tracking the ball tonight. He let one hit him in his head. Yeah. On the fade. Hold the fade ball. Hey. Oh, that's the lights. That's the l the sun. That was the sun. I, yeah, it was the sun. I don't know about the sun though, Joe. It was really pretty late at night. I think it was the lights though. It's, it's tough catching the ball at night. People don't understand. Hey, because you've never been in the stadium with those lights.


Right. But you easy it's, it's easy to lose the ball and the lights. Yeah. And so I and you had another one, excuse me, that went through that went through his hands and you could tell that he had a problem picking it up because he like it. The ball beat him up. Yeah. You, you know that. And he, He normally, plus he normally gets it before. Yeah. Yeah. And he had to like right here, like he couldn't see It. Like, one of the things that I do hate unc is obviously when you running around and the ball is coming and your eyes happen to, I hate your eye. The lights catch your eyes and then when the lights catch your eyes, the ball it get right upon you. Like that. Yeah. Before you can react. Before you can react, boom. It's already in your hands. And either you dropped it or you, or you bobble it. Because if you can't cast off the quarterback's hand and see it in all the way after it lee's hands, it messes you up real, real bad.


Yeah. You wear eye black. 'cause I wore eye black. Well, I'm already black, so I ain't really need no eye black. I need to add nothing on to what I already got. But nah, I, I, I, I, I didn't, I need a little bit more, but I need, I, some people were like the, the, the, the stickers, right? Yeah. Yeah. I, nah, I need that. I need that. I need that paint. You think that really did something? You think that really worked though? Well, I, I had a problem early in my career. Yeah. And I did it. Well I first started doing it 'cause I thought it looked cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And then they said, I said, man, what's that for? They said, man, it helped with the glare. Yeah. And then I, I, I ended up losing the ball in the light, but I was on special teams that lost the ball in the light and the ball went in the end zone. Right. And, you know, and so from that point on, I put it on the next game and I wore it ever since.


Right. But I definitely think it helped. But then again, it was in my mind that it helped. So that's all that matters. It didn't matter if it helped or not. I thought it did. But look, the cowboys are what they are. They really got one. They really got one receiver CD Cooks had a, a couple of catches. I, I'm not sure what Thor, I'm not sure what the guy was doing. He run a shallow cross. The guy's trailing, there's nobody outside. And he pulls up. Yeah. I'm like, why? Why, why would you pull up? There's nobody out there. Right. Somebody has to be following you. If you see ocho, everybody knows if you running a shallow cross. Yeah. And there's nobody out there. You out there, there's gotta be. Man, listen.


If, if you, if you, if there's green grass in front of you, rule of thumb, you keep going, You keep going. If it's zone, you see somebody out there, you pull up. Yeah. Listen, if it's zone, you gotta see that at the snap of the ball. You already know what time. Yes. You see that right at the snap. Look at your keys, use your eyes, get to your spot and sit your black ass down. We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line and Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone Is gonna hold your attention on stage. You to kinda be a freak And starring Timothy Shamima as Bob Dylan. Are you a freak? Hope so. Inspired by the true story.


I wanna know which side he's on this Christmas. They just want me s saying, I'm blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, What do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me To be. How does it feel? He defied everyone, turn it down. Play live to change everything. He's our Elvis with no Direction. Timothy Chalamet, Edward Norton, L Fanny, Monica Barbero. Make some Noise. Bd track some mud on carpet. Complete unknown. A complete unknown. Only theater's Christmas Day NAR under 1790, middle without parent.


This is it Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play. You turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is off and it's only on Prime video. Good move. Touchdown. This week, west Coast rivals co collect as the Los Angeles Rams visit the San Francisco 49 ERs. Heck of a throw coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Rams and 49 ERs Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today, all season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


So what you thought, Hey, everybody else playing, man, they gonna play you zone. That's not you bro. Yeah. You not Jerry. Right? You not Randy. They ain't playing. No, they ain't playing. They playing man everywhere else. It's only you. All right. That ain't how it works. So, and Mike McCarthy lost his mind on like, like, what are we doing? I asked the same question. Mike, what are you doing? Right? I thought they did a great job of trying to pressure Joe. But that's the, that's the problem that you run into, right? Because if you pressure and he gets the ball out. Yeah. Now you got Chase one on one. Yeah. And you don't want them problems. There ain't nobody on that d on that secondary, that one of those problems with Chase. Right. And that's what happens when you miss him. Yeah. He spins up out of it. OCHO is to the house. Hey, you know, you know it's funny. And you say there's nobody in that secondary, there's nobody in the NFL in general Right.


That wants some problems with Uno. You hear me? No, I'm, I'm just Letting you know. Look, the top receivers you gonna catch hell no matter who you are. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Playing that guy. 1 0 1 0 2. Absolutely. It's too much space. Absolutely. Especially because he can run shallow. He can run shallow, he can run speed out. He can run a dig, he can run a pose. He can run a gold, he can run a shake. Yeah. It's Too many options. It's too many options. There's too many, too many options Because guess what he'll do? He'll start you on the shallow cross put on the brake and bring you back. We'll right back out. Yep. Because you gonna get over the top because you know, he's trying to get to a point. So you gonna try to race him over the, over the top. He slammed on brakes. It's a wrap. Stand back out. Now you, now, now you really in deep Way and you way outta position You way you way out of position.


But look now all this false pro, this false hope that cowboys have we going somewhere? What you y'all steal them boys? Where y'all going? Hold on. They thought they were going somewhere outside of, They, they thought that, they thought they hold on outside of, we gonna keep fighting. We going, oh, you know Jerry, we not outta this thing yet. You out of it. Whoa. You been out of it? Who Said that? Jerry said they was out. Jerry, they wasn't outta Yeah. Yeah, they was Outta it. But he said that recently. I ain't even finna say nothing. I Ain't Finn ain't nothing to be said because I'm Finn. What's up? I'm finna bask our glory because we wasn't Oh yeah. What's understood. Don't need to be said. You right. That's why I ain't gonna say nothing no more about my bango, But, and, and Jamar Chase 14 catches 1 77, 2 scores.


Woo Cha Chase is the first receiver. Woo to have 10 catches of buck 75. Two touchdowns and two in two in two games. Since Jamar Chase did it in week 10 against the Ravens. Guess what? He's also the first receiver to do it since Jamar Chase did it in week five against the Ravens. Ooh. Hey that boy. That boy good. Yeah. He's gonna be a, he's gonna be a unanimous first team all pro. Yeah. And Rifle. Jenna looks like he's gonna be the other receiver that's gonna be a first team all pro. Yeah, they, I don't, he's not gonna be unanimous like Chase is. But Chase Chase has a chance to win the Triple Crown. Yeah. A chance to win the Triple Crown. Oh. There's only four or five weeks left. He's going to win the Triple Crown. Nothing is gonna stop Jamar Chase. Nothing gonna stop Joe Burrow.


They might as well get whatever award it is that's Chase is supposed to get as far as when it comes to winning that triple crown. They might as well put it on to Cincinnati right now. They might as well ship it on over there right now. And that's not, that's not all. Not only is he gonna win the triple Crown, we do have the MVP at the quarterback position. Many people aren't gonna give him credit because our record doesn't, You're not gonna get no MVP. Right. Let, let me finish. Don't do me a favor, go ahead. Don't interrupt me. Next time you want to talk, raise your hand. I'm gonna call on you. Okay. But anyway, okay. Like, I, like I was saying, Joe Burrow should yes be the unanimous MVP, but due to our record this season, he's not gonna be in the talk. He's not gonna be in consideration. Josh Allen, kudos, kudos am kudos Lamar Jackson as well.


But if we happen to, to go on a run and for some reason slither into the playoffs and some kind of, some kind of fashion by way of God, we are a team that nobody's gonna wanna see offensively. Now I can't speak for the defense, but I'm saying if we gotta score 53, we gonna score 53 if we gotta score. But y'all gonna give up 55, we Score 45, But y'all gonna give up 55. Listen, That's that, that, listen, that's neither here nor there. We are a team that nobody wants to see. And y'all don't wanna see nobody. No, don't nobody wanna see us, especially offensively that, that that's, that's the focal Ocho. But you gotta bring your OCHO but you gotta bring your entire team. Right. I you can't leave your defense at home.


I Understand that, but I can only, I can only do my job. Huh. That's something Bill Belichick always said to do. Do your job. My job is to focus on offense. My job is to score 40 to 55 points and get Are you a team or not? Huh? Are you a team? What? Are you a team? Is it the Cincinnati Bengals or the Cincinnati offense? The Cincinnati defense. The Cincinnati special team. Are you not? I just need to know, which are you? Hey, it is a team. Can I say something before we finish? Okay. Thank you. It is a team. Huh? It's a team. Right? But that team is broken down in, into three phases. Offense, defense, and special teams. Now each three of those phases has to do their job in order for you to get a w you know, Ws the genius. Winston, Y'all ain't eat nothing.


Yeah. Y'all hungry. Oh, We ate, we ate something. This the first time y'all ate three weeks. Hey, well, lemme ask you a question. Night When the playoffs starts, you bet. Which one of the Bengals are gonna be in the playoffs? The offense, the defense or the special team? The whole, the Whole team. The team in general. Y'all will be home, right? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't do that. Don't do that. That's the change. I just check. Listen, there's the chance. Hey, can you ask Ash to give her what percentage the chance is of us making into the playoffs. Still to this point, A 80-year-old getting pregnant, there's a chance, right? But Oh, there, there, there there's a percentage. Now the percentage ain't that low. There's a percentage that 80 old could get pregnant. How was buried when she could see Jesus? 83.


83. So there is a chance, right? That put man on the moon. Yeah. Yeah. Chance? I feel You ain't gonna put no money down on it though. Who? Ocho me. How, how much I owe you right now? Three bands. Okay. How about this? When we play the bank, when we play the Broncos, I ain't betting nothing. You ain't be, listen, how you gonna bet me my money? Hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold On, hold on, hold On. I done like talking. You Be bet me with my money. I I bet you I don't, I don't. I owe you 3000. I bet it. Let, let's, let's bring down a notch and let's respect the winner. Let's be, let's respect the winner circle to, that's Me. Okay? That's me. Let's Respect, put a circle tonight.


Now You owe me 3000. How you The winner? Okay. I'm giving you the opportunity to double your money. So when we play, I don't want ours. Let's double or nothing. That 3000 I owe you. I don't like doubling my money. Huh? I like to just take my money. I got something in mind. What? Trying. I wanna buy somebody. What You trying? Absolutely. It just so happened to cost 3000. The gift I want get called exactly $3,000. Hey, I said you hold up. I said Sir, can you hold this for me? I'll be right back in like two weeks. So I gotta, I gotta, I gotta go in there by this week. Ocho get it. Go. Hey. Oh, hold on. Tammy. Tammy, Tammy. What you, what you Finn to get? What you Finn get? What is it? Just gimme, just gimme a the, The Bengals.


Yeah. Have less than a 2% chance to make the playoffs. 2% Less than, Less than 2%. Yes. Actually it's 1.9, One point. You know what? That's not that bad. You know what? I'ma that's not that bad. I'ma just say 2% because I bet Okay. Two, I bet if you ask the chat right? When they go to Whole Foods, I bet some of 'em they get 2% milk. I bet. Sometimes, yeah. When you get a latte, you go to Starbucks and they ask you what kind of milk you want. Sometimes people say, you know what, I want 2% milk. There is a significance. If you an actor, you know, sometimes your agent, your agent fee, sometimes your agent fee is 2%. You know, it ain't, it's 10, 15, 20% in Hollywood. Okay? You ain't getting nowhere to go.


2%. Okay, listen, I'm just, I'm just trying to throw that context. I didn't, I didn't need you to correct me. Okay? My bad. My bad, my bad. Okay. Okay. But they, they got a milk chance. Yeah. 2%. Since, since I put it in terms that you'll understand, you like milk, Right? They got a milk chance. Yeah. 2%. The question is for you is Burrow and Chase the best quarterback, wide receiver combo? A Absolutely. Now, there, there, there, there, there are a few people that would like to argue as far as duos are concerned, but, but a duo that is doing what they've done at such an early stage, as soon as they started, they hit the ground running right away.


Obviously because of the continuity that they already bit, they already had and the chemistry that they had already built. Yes. In that LSU together, it made the transition into the NFL being on the same team that much easier. It made it that much easier. Which is why, which is one of the few reasons why the chemistry, it looks the way it does. Okay? When you, when you watch Joe Burrow and you watch Jamar's work, that ain't nothing but Prince and Apollonia. Okay? That ain't nothing but Mark Anthony and J-Lo. Okay? You, you, you stand with me. That ain't nothing but Prince Hakeem and the lady, the daughter from McDowell's. I, I don't remember the daughter's name in the movie.


What, what, what was the name? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don't remember my name, but, but you get where I'm going. You you get where Yeah. It just, it just, it's just a match made in heaven. It's a match made in heaven. Like when you meet somebody new, one of the key things and the only key things that matters is the chemistry and whether you're compatible. Okay. And when you're compatible your wifi, the connection is perfect. And Joe Burrow and god damn Jamar Chase wifi is on point. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't have any other references or analogies I can think of to give, to give people a better understanding on how great they are. So early, Chase got 19.


He got 93 catches. O Joe. Yeah. 1300 yards and 15 touchdowns. Ooh. A last year. He's already clear. He's seven catches behind last year's pace. He's already a hundred, a hundred yards clear of yet last year's pace. He's already has eight touchdowns more the last year. Woo. And he has, Andy has, they're five. They're five and seven. What's their record? Hold on. They're five and eight. So they got four games to go. So there's an outside chance he could get to that 1700 Marco Ocho. Yeah. A Abso absolutely.


Absolutely. And he might, he might get to that 20, that magical number, that 20 touchdown mark. Yeah. Which only, only a handful of guys have ever gotten there. Yeah. Jerry and Randy. Yeah. Not, not Jerry got 22, Randy got 23. Nobody else has, I mean, there've been a few 18. Yeah. And At that. But nobody, there's only two guys that's ever gotten 20 receiving touchdowns on a season. Yeah. And you know that, that young bull man is nice man, obviously. Oh yeah. Even as early as it is, man Chase is is the greatest banger receiver to ever play. Chase is the greatest banger receiver to ever dawn them goddamn stripes. You hear me? You know some of the things that he's, that he's doing, they haven't been done before in that helmet. In that Mike ain't nobody never done nothing like that.


Man. You know Mike Brown, you gonna be sorry you didn't sign that man early. Well Who you telling you hear me? Man, you gonna have to pay double. It gonna hurt. You gonna have to pay double. It gonna hurt. Matter fact, oh he about To get 40,000,040 Make it 42 And the, and he Said you know what he said I don't want, And the two is the two thin milk. The two said add that shit on too. Yo. He said Chase got Chase. He said Jetta got 35. I want five more per year. And, and I want an extra 20 more million guarantees. Yeah. Don't even play with me. Don't even play. 'cause you tried me, you tried me at the beginning of the season. I asked you, you made me sit outta training camp. Yep. And you had plenty overtime.


You had ample, ample time. Yep. To understand what you had at your disposal. You know what you get in the long run, you know what you get. Yep. Because I done, I done gave you a sample side of three years. Yeah, I know I might have two more years on my deal, but sometimes you just know. No, I got one more now. So come on with it. Come On with it. You know what to do. And if you, and if you, and hold on, if you, if you wanna play again, do me a favor, don't franchise tag me. Let me play one more and lemme go show you I can get 60 some more. I'm not coming. There ain't nothing you can do. You told me, you told me you was going to take care of me. Yeah. After this one. Yeah, I played it out. Yeah. Now you won't see my black ass if you don't, if you don't pay me my money this time around period.


And we ain't, we ain't finna play 'cause we finna clock it and I ain't talking and you know Higgins, I ain't talking about no Higgins about the bounce on you. Yeah. So go out there and try to play with without, without me and Higgins. Yeah. Period. Shit. So I'm gone. Well tt but I do think, you Know, TTT ain't gonna, TT ain't gonna be here now because that's what I'm tt that's, That's My point. One thing about it's T deserves his money. TT think t deserves his money. T TT has played well, you know, barring injuries, you know had, he's had a few setbacks here and there, but he deserves that number one money. He gonna get it now he gonna get it. Hey he just needs to finish the season healthy. Yeah. Oh yeah. But I tell you what Jamar Chase has done, he's played himself into offensive player of the year.


Yeah. Now it's going Saquon is, Sequan is still ahead of the pace of Eric Dickerson single season Russian rep. Yes sir. It's gonna be hard for him to overtake that. Especially because of the team that he's playing on. They haven't won enough game. Now it would be very interesting Ocho, let's just say for the sake of argument, they had to had nine wins at this present time. Yes sir. So instead of being what, five and eight, they would be five. They would, they were nine. Nine and nine and three or nine and four. Now we got a serious discussion. Yeah We do. I Just don't think he's won enough game. But he's definitely gonna get some, some consideration. Right. Because he's a Triple Crown winner and the last guy that won the Triple Crown, he was offensive player of the year.


That was Cooper Cup. And matter of fact, I feel like Keith Lee right now, I feel like Keith Lee right now. That's why I got my hands sitting like this. So right now I'm gonna talk serious. I'm not even playing Jamar Chase is the kind of player based on what he's done and based on what he's going to do, he deserves Juan Soto kind of money. That's what I'm trying to say. Man. Stop it. Period. All right. But that is, He is the greatest. He, Hey, hey the greatest bango receiver of all time. Jamar. Elio Chase. He from Louisiana. Okay, Look Ocho. Yes sir. He going to get, he gonna get one 60. What did Y get? What did Y get Guaranteed. Whoa. He'll probably get Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa.


We want 200. We want Listen to me, I I listen to me. Hey Papa Chase. Papa Chase. I know you watching Papa Chase. I know you what? Matter of fact, Jamar probably watching too. Oh hey everybody be watching that. He be watching the show. Yeah, I know. Y'all watching. Okay listen. We ain't negotiating unless we getting 200. Matter of fact, we want our shit guaranteed too. Okay. We want 200. We want 200. Right. Simply for the fact you just said one 40. You just said one 40, right? No one 60. Okay. Alright. Let's say one 60. Matter of fact add another 40 million for the bullshit you pulled on us in training camp, thought you was gonna do a deal. So just make it 200, make it guaranteed. Boom. Done deal.


Matter of fact, four year, 200, there it is right there. Matter of fact, by the time we get to 28, 29, you gonna come. We gonna, we gonna see you again. We gonna see somebody else and we gonna hit you all across the head one more time. It don't gotta be in Cincinnati, it could be somewhere else, but that's what it is. So Chase, Papa Chase, I done did the deal for us already. So I already know the numbers on what we gonna get. Let's have at it. I don't, I don't need nothing. Just about 1%. 1%. Zach Taylor applause. Not just Joe Burrough's physical presence, not just the physical toughness but the mental toughness in the game because Zim does that to you. Yeah. As tough as it gets. He put, you know, look, Zim heated him up. He know the offensive line is banged up. Yeah. First of all, they're not that good to begin with and they're banged up.


Yeah. So with that being said, you know Zim was gonna bring the pressure. Yeah. The problem is when you bring pressure and you don't get there, that means Chase is one on one. That means he is one on one. Yeah. Now it's one thing. Okay? It's one thing to be in position, you gotta get him on Ocho. You got to get him on the ground. Got to. You can't let him spin up out of that. And he hard to tackle too, huh? That's the problem he hard to tackle. It's very, it's very, it's very few receivers out there with the ball in they hands. Not only they hard to tackle, they know what to do when they get that ball in their hands. Boy. Yes. And he's, he's them, he's one of them ones, you know. Yeah, he Is. He Can receiver but when they got the ball in his hands, he very slippery.


He's very, very slippery. What's up Ocho? We got Ocho, we got a special guest. Now it's time to introduce our special guest. His album. The Crossroads is out now. The Crossroad tour kicks off February, 2025. Tickets are on sale now via his official site. Corde music.com. Corde what it do Long C ocho. What it do y'all? Oh, what's up boy? What they do? What Man, I can't complain. God. It is good. Both of y'all fellas looking clean man. Look it clean. Right. They love y'all show by the way. I love it. You know, I I appreciate that. Appreciate that. So tell I Go ahead Ocho. I was Finn say I took me a little shower and I shaved, I shaved my beard. 'cause I knew, I knew, I knew, you know, people was gonna be on here looking at me tonight.


That's all. Oh, that's it. That's it. You, I just got a haircut man. I ain't gonna lie. I been thugging it out. I been, I been looking real messed up. But you know, I like, you know, I'm on Nightcap tonight. Lemme get a fresh cut. Lemme get a retwit. I was on first take with no Retwit. I was like, you know this, the last time I'm gonna do that, I ain't going on Nightcap with no retwit. Yeah. I appreciate that. Tell us a little bit about the album Crossroad. What, what, what's, what's this album? What does this album entail? I feel like honestly this is my best body of work by far. I know when I, when me you sat down one-on-one, I was telling you how, just like, I just wanted, honestly my, my main theme with this album has just been push that pin, push that, push that pin. And I got great advice from Lil Wayne.


He told me, he said, you gotta treat every song. Like it's people's first time hearing you. Like, I feel like when you gain a fan base and you gain success as a artist, your fan base, when you, I've been blessed to have a real deal core fan base. But that can become a crutch. 'cause you in the studio you're like, oh, my fans gonna love whatever the heck I put out. You know what I'm saying? They gonna love this regardless. Versus if you approach every single song like you're making the first impression, it's just inspired me just, just to push that pin. And another saying is just like, don't leave nothing else to the judges. Like, I got Kanye West, yay, I got yay. You know what I'm saying? And Wayne twice on the album. So it's really blessed to have them and Jordan Ward Anderson Pac, everybody a part of this.


So I, I'm glad it's out. Finally man. Lord, what's your favorite song? What's your favorite song on the album? Hmm. My favorite song, it might be oh Six Dreaming. Just because it's so personal. It's a story about my mom. My mom, she used to make music and stuff back in the day, but she was never able to make it. So what I ended up doing was I sampled one of her old songs. Wow. And I sampled one of her old songs and basically told the story about how like, it's a story of irony, how my mom was chasing her dream. I'm sitting watching her. She tried out for like American Idol. She tried out for making the band all these things, but she wasn't able to like, you know, make it. And it's just funny how I didn't even realize that until I was writing this song.


How that might've in, not might've, but that definitely instilled like something to me like, you know what mama Like I got us. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Hey, hey listen. The fact that you grew up in Maryland, right? You're surrounded by passing the fans. Obviously you had teams like the Ravens, the Orioles, university of Maryland, the TURPs. How did the local force culture, you know, influence you as a kid? And did they in any way shape your competitive drive in music? Yes. Because you know, PG County where I went to where I'm from is, you know, they call it Basketball County, you know? Yeah. We got KD, Markel fulls, Michael Beasley, Delonte West. So many, so many people.


I'm forgetting just off the top of my brain right now. But so many dope. It killed my basketball dreams real early, first and foremost because you hooping against dogs every night. Oh yeah. Dogs every night. And I, I had, I had a pup in me. I ain't gonna lie with you, I had a pup in me man. Right, right. And so it allowed me to really focus on making music full-time at an early age because I know I ain't have a chance with Hoops man. Right. So on, on that sport. But as far, I mean Redskins now the commander Kosher is crazy. Yeah. Like I grew up watching the Santana Moss, Jason Campbell, Clinton Portis, Sean Taylor, RIP watching you tear us up, you know what I'm saying? Watching, watching you tear up ocho.


Yeah. And yeah and even the Wizards, you know, like love the John Wall, Brad Bill era. So I say all that to say because unfortunately the sports team, you know, wizards had some good ears. We had a couple good ears with the skins. We having a great year with the commanders. But because those good ears were so, were so few and far between, it was real fans like real deal fans. Like if you love the Commanders, you don't halfway like them, you love them. Same with the Wizards. You know, right now we in the rebuilding phase, we got Lau, you know, doing his thing. The Alex saw Jordan pool hooping, you know, so it, I I guess growing up more so of like that even football, we got Stefan Diggs, you know the Diggs brothers both from Maryland as well.


Yeah. Stefan, he, he hooped at Maryland at the terms as well. So I mean it's just a real big like just sports coach out there For sure though. Sorry if I went on a tangent. No, you good. You good? You're good. You're good. Take your time. Corn. What, who are some of your inspirations? Obviously you do what you do, but who are some of your inspirations when you were growing up and you like, man I really like the way they get down Musically. Yes, Definitely. He's like, well we wasn't talking about sports 'cause we seen what happened. You had expiration date musically. Definitely Kanye West. Okay. Mm. Definitely Lil Wayne.


Definitely a lot of Nas, a lot of Jay-Z. Damn you got, you love him heavy. You loved him. Haven't way Yeah. Lift them Heavy here. I mean they was unavoidable as a kid, you know what I'm saying? True. They were unavoidable and it was just greatness personified, you know what I'm saying? Like even having Wayne in my corner giving me like the gems that he's been giving me has been like a huge difference maker. Like with this album again, the work ethic that I'm learning from him. And even, you know, back to the vice I said earlier of him telling me just like push that pen. My whole thing is just push that pen, push that pen because you gotta treat everybody like it's their first time hearing you and your fans that already love you when you been acting, treating every song like nobody's ever heard of you.


Like they gonna be like, this dude is the greatest ever and people who may not have heard of you are more likely to, you know, enjoy the music that you make. So yeah, definitely that. That's my mouth. Rushmore as well, right there for sure. Has Parenthood changed how you approach music? I would say parenthood has, has changed my approach in scheduling and how I make music. Okay. Okay. And you know, as a creative, you know, with, with No Kids, I'll be in the studio from like 7:00 PM to 8:00 AM next day, 5:00 PM to 5:00 AM the next day 1:00 PM to nine. So it's like more of a flurry. But you know, when you have children, both of y'all have kids, right?


I'm sure. Yes. Yeah, I got of them. Yeah. Oh, that's a blessing. Fertility is a blessing my brother. That's why God put us on Earth, you feel me? But yeah, so with me it's like, since I had my daughter, it's been more like, I'm at the studio every day from 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM I come home, play with her, put her to sleep, and then three days out the week I go back to the studio once she go to sleep from like 9:00 PM to 4:00 AM Okay. So I still try to get that 70 hour, my goal is to like 70 hours a week in the studio. And again, I usually do my nine hour days, 9:00 AM to 6:00 PM three day, three days out the week I go back to the studio and I take off on Sundays.


Right. So I, you know, I had a question, right. As, as a musician myself, you know, as a Yes sir. As a musician and, and a lyricist myself, I, I, yes sir. About, I always think about your body work and your music and your lyrics. And I I just wanted to ask you, your lyrics often contain a thoughtful mix of introspection and social commentary. How do you Yes, sir. How you balance being honest and vulnerable in your music while maintaining your sense of artistry and poetic flair? That's something I've always struggled with as an artist myself, which is why I haven't dropped yet. But go ahead. Yes, sir. Now I understand that, brother. I understand that. You just prepping it to make sure we, we ready to hear it. You know what I'm saying? We, you gotta make sure we ready for it.


Yes, yes. You know, you know, somebody told me this gold don't get old. You know what I'm saying? Like, sometime when, when it comes to good music, no matter when you release it. Gold. Yes, sir. One of my biggest songs, I released it two years after I recorded it, that song, triple Platinum. And so I say all that to say gold don't get old. Yes. But to, to answer your question for me, social commentary, you know, sometimes in cancel culture, I be a little, I ain't gonna lie, I be a little scared to say how I feel like when it comes to like a tweet or something like that. Yeah. But I've always been a writer and sometimes I can't express my myself like through words and through, you know, tweets and things of that nature. But I've always found writing as a comfort for me since I was a kid, since I was 10 years old.


I've been writing raps every day since I was 10 years old. Ary day since I was 15. And so I say this to say, I'm able to get out my, my thoughtfulness and like, I guess my social commentary through my music. And then also like, get through some comedy, you know, through some music. Because it's funnier when you, if you can make a joke about society or something, but you put a bar, it, it makes it way funnier. Right. Right. You know what I'm saying? Like, so I, I think that's the creativeness of it is just like finding dope creative ways and entertaining ways that's relatable to everybody. But also like saying how you feel, you know, because artists, our job is to decorate time.


The first hiphop art, we we're like the modern eight Rios. This is how you time this. We're the gatekeepers of time. And so with that responsibility of just like, just finding it cool and creative in dope ways and sometimes even like humorous ways to, to say how you feel. You know, Porte, gimme your hip hop, Mount Rushmore, Hip hop, Mount Rushmore. You gotta go Wayne. He got a lot of kids in the music business. Yep. You gotta go Wayne Mount Rushmore four. Right? That's it. Okay. This is my personal, before we say that, I know everybody. Yeah. My personal, I got Wayne, I got Ye, I got Hove, I got Nas.


That's, that's my four right there. Okay. That's four. Okay. That's my four. That's, that's, that's, that's, that's some heavyweights. Yeah's Some heavyweights right there. And then Eminem and Kendrick, they, they, they on there too. They, they, we gotta make more mountains for them too. But that's, that's my, my Rushmore right there. Wayne. Wayne, yay. Nas and ho Who haven't you collab with? Give me a dream collab someone that you haven't been in studio with that like, man, I would love it can be male or female, someone you like to be your dream collab Ocho You know, you took the words right out my mouth. Ocho you took the words right out my mouth. I ain't gonna lie. I'm glad you said it for me, but since you said it for me, I'm gonna think of my second option.


Yeah. Okay. Second option. So my first, my second. Can they, can they, can we do dead or alive? Huh? I'm gonna the grave. Yeah, sure. Okay. I'm gonna the grave. I'm gonna the grave and digging him up, I'm going, Marvin Gaye. I love Marvin Gaye. Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. I, I like that. Is Al Green still alive? I think he's still alive. Alive, yes, he is. Okay. I don't know. I think so. Okay. I love some Al Green. I'm just going to the folks I sample 'cause it'll be cheaper than sampling them. I'm, nah, nigga, you gotta same This folks, you know, excuse me, Marvin Gaye Al Green and Mike.


Mike. Nah, I don't know how me and Mike will combine. That's, that's just the business side of me thinking honestly. Right. That's just all business thinking of Mike. Well, and he's obviously one of the greatest of all time, but yeah. Al Green and Marvin gay man. Oh, oh, you know Barbara Mason. Now I'm going Barbara Mason all day. Wow. Do you believe, do you believe Marvin great Gay is the greatest r and b singer of all time? He from Maryland, I gotta say he from Maryland too dc just point that out there. Nah, matter of fact, I mean, you know what, before you answer that right, sir, and you think Yes sir. You think about that answer about Marvin Gaye being the greatest r and b singer of all time. Okay. I will, I will say this, for those of you in the chat that have probably never seen it, Marvin Gaye sang the greatest star spand banner at the 1984 NBA All-Star game.


I've never ever I seen, heard a Star Spangled Banner sang in that manner, in that type of tone. Unbelievable. I I'm not sure if you saw a chord, but you I did. You did? Oh man, I got two that Mike got that beat though. I ain't gonna lie. Forgive me. Ocho think so? Yes, Whitney, You Going Whitney? Yeah, I was going Whitney at the Super Bowl. Whitney killed that thing, right? Yeah. Damn. She did. She did. And recently I just seen Jasmine Sullivan do it at the MLBI. You, I ain't gonna lie to y'all. I don't watch too much MLB. Right, right. But I seen that clip. I I do love the nationals, you know what I'm saying? As a casual, super casual. Gotta add the super casual. Right. Jasmine Sullivan killed that thing, man.


She did it any, anytime I, anytime I hear the name Jasmine Sullivan, it always resonates with me. With a young lady breaking up with me A long time ago when Janet made the song, I was hoping the lady, you know, when you, when you don't wanna be with somebody anymore, give them grace by letting 'em know you talk to them in their face sometimes via text if, if you're shy. But she left me a voicemail. Hmm. She let's, she left me a voicemail playing Jasmine Sullivan in love with another man. Let me know. She wanted to leave me for somebody else. Not only no, you know, Ocho she did that to o was you Ocho? Yeah. Nah, I was, I was just Chad back then. Oh yeah. I about to say, I, I was just Chad back then, I ain't really had nothing going on for myself.


So I kind of understood, you know, it was someone else that, that had that, that could offer her more at the time and Yeah. That I, I never forget that. Yeah. You know, it's funny, that happened to me right before I got onto Ocho. I ain't gonna lie, somebody left you. Yeah. Right before I got on. I ain't gonna lie, but this, so I won't even say left. She spin the block. Did you spin the block? But the, the block was closed. The block was closed by then. Street signs. The block closed. Yellow tape Barricade come. Yeah. Barricades up. Right. Uhuh sweetheart. No, no. This block was closed. For real. Yeah. I, bro, we, I guess we all been through it, man. I, we all been through it. Yeah. I get happy looking at her Instagram knowing, I'm like, man, doc dodged it.


Dodged it.


That is Cord Day. He has a new album that's dropping. It's called Cross. It's out now. Crossroads. Yes sir. His tour kicks off in February. Kick Us are on sale now as his official site. Cord day music.com. Cord day, man. Thank you for joining us, man. Continue success, bro. Yes. Enjoy the sit down as always. You are welcome to be a guest on Nightcap anytime you see B bro. Thank you. I appreciate y'all. I I'm gonna take you up on that too. I would like to highlight too, you know, I was part of Club Sheha before Kat Williams. I had my membership before KA Williams. I just gotta put that on there. You, it was already super lit. It was already in the mood. I just want like to put it out. I was an early member of Club Shaha. My car, my car's still good. Absolutely. Definitely. Yes sir. Alright, Ocho appreciate that. Appreciate congratulations on the young one. Yes, sir. Continue you success my brother. Oh, thank You'all, see that. Appreciate you on, appreciate you as well, Ocho Thank You'all Allall for having me honored to be here. I'll see y'all soon. Yes sir. Yes sir. That is Core Day album. Crossroads is out now. Tour kicks off in February. Go to core day music.com to cop.com to cop your tickets.


We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line at Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone Who's gonna hold your attention on stage, you have to kind of be a freak And starring Timothy Shamima as Bob Dill. Are you a freak? Hope so. Once Upon a time, he just So inspired by the true story. I want to know which side he's on this Christmas. They just want me singing, blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How does he feel? He defied everyone, turn It down. Play live To change everything. He's Our Elvis with no direction. Timothy Chalamet, Edward Norton, L Fanny, Monica Barbero. Make Some noise. Bd track some mud on carpet. A complete unknown only in theater's. Christmas day under 1790, middle without parent.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is off and it's only on Prime video. Good move. Touchdown. This week, west Coast rivals collect as the Los Angeles Rams visit the San Francisco 49 ERs. Heck of a wrong coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Rams and 49 ERs Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Gutey and Hoda Copy from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So join us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the holidays.


Ah, ojo all apparently is not well with the Eagles according to Brandon. Brandon Graham, the team's longest tenured member. Right? All the relationship between Jalen Hurt and AJ Brown is strange. Eh? The person that's complaining Brown needs to be accountable. I'm just being honest. He knows this. I don't know how the whole story, but I know that Hertz is trying and Brown could be a little better with how he responds to things. They're friends before, but things have changed. Graham later apologized, said, I made a mistake. I didn't add, I didn't add to it in good light. So that's my bad. I think that, see, here's the thing. Yes, sir. When you say, when they ask AJ Brown, we need, what do you need to improve in passing?


Who's the only one that can throw the ball at Joe? Yep. The quarterback. The quarterback. Jalen Hearst. So how, How, How is the media? How's everybody gonna take that? Well, that's not how he meant it. Yeah. If somebody, Hey, if, if they ask Carson, what can we do better route running and getting open. Who talking about Yeah. He He talking about me. He so it, but that's not how he meant it. Right. Right. But listen, we all know what he meant. I we, we understand his fru. It's frustration. We understand it's gripes. Alright. A matter of fact, a Acho Acho, you know Acho, right? Yeah. F1 Acho. Yeah. Yeah. Emanuel Acho. Listen, if if, if any of you in the chat that have follow him, UNC, I don't know if you've had an opportunity to see it and showing he showed a description of plays, a description of plays.


Yeah. And these are bang bang plays that are just basic fundamentals of the game of football. Having anticipatory skills as a quarterback after quarterback position. Being able to get your number one, your number one player at the target based on what you see, what your pre-read is as a quarterback. And I, I listen, there was five or six plays where 1, 2, 3, boom, get the ball out and let it go. You know, it's like in that specific game that we talking about where I can understand where the frustrations come from with AJ Brown. I'm like, well, okay, now I see it. Now I see it now I understand. But you don't do it the way you did it. Not with the media. That's something. You go to your quarterback. Thank you. You go to your quarterback. You tell him you. That's all I'm saying. I need you to do me a small favor, AJ Brown.


If you see this, this is, I need you to do me a small favor, young bull. When we come to the line of scrimmage and you see a certain coverage and you see that receiver off. If you see him press at any point and you see that safety and the safety is in the middle of the field, or he is not sha or he shaded just a little bit to the As and I know I can beat him over top. I need you to gimme a chance. I need you to gimme a chance. Please. I need pull them aside and have that conversation. But don't do it this way. 'cause now all eyes on Jalen hurts. Now all eyes in the pressure while you're winning, you're winning. Let me add that. Your team is winning. That's the key. And it comes and it and it gonna come off. Face Comes off as as being selfish Comes off as being selfish.


It's gonna be little. You know, I, And I don't think, and I don't think, I don't, I don't think he's selfish. Oh Hell no. But He doesn't, I think he's a competitor. Whoa, whoa, whoa. He wants to contribute. I think he realizes that in order for us to get to where we need to be, I need, I'm gonna have to catch more than three or four balls. Yeah. Devonte's gonna have to catch more than three balls. Yeah. But like you said, so may maybe Jalen just didn't see the feel yesterday. Huh. Maybe that happens sometimes. Ocho, we don't see the ball. Well, if we bobble whoa, whoa, whoa. We Right. We bobble some stuff and we don't catch it clean. Yeah. Like we want to. Right. Right. But it's, it's tough. Jaylen has a tough job. I'm not trying to excuse it. No, no, no. But I just believe, I just believe in a situation like that, The way it could be handled. I'm a go way.


Check this out. Ocho. Yeah. Donovan McNabb weighed in on AJ Brown. Potential frustration with Jalen Hurtz. Right. It's two grown men. If you got an issue, you come to me. Let's not go through the media because now it blows up. And now what you said is out there in front of everybody and t responded. Yeah. Now this is interesting coming from you now. Not how I interpret it, but it's funny thing is, I agree with you on the idea of it. If you have an issue with someone, that you go to them, not the media. Mm. But here's the thing. I never had an issue with you, but it's known that you had an issue with me. So maybe you should have taken your own advice here, uhoh. Oh yeah. And we might've won to Sue Bowl 39, but that's another story for another day.


Just my 2 cents number three 17 talking about the jacket you gave yours. I'm giving mine. Mm Lord. How I like that. Hey, them boys still going through it. Right? Hey, you know what, they A-A-A-T-O-T-O and R, God, McNabb, they gonna be like Claude, and they gonna be like Claude and Ray Uhuh. They gonna be, they gonna be the Hatfield and the Hatfields and the McCoys. I like it. They, they aint Claude and Ray because Claude and Ray was best friends. Right. They argue a lot, but they was absolutely best friends. They had been. I like it. TT TTO has a point too. Toto has a point. Yeah. Obviously I don't, I don't know the inate details of the situation back then. I heard bits and pieces of it. Obviously T Teo and I have talked in depth during that time.


Yes. You know? Yeah. Obviously in the off season about what happened. I can't remember the date. Obviously it's been, it's been a while since then. But, you know, listen, you gotta keep it in the house the best, the best way you can. I understand AJ Brown's frustration as a competitor. Absolutely. That someone that wants to be a part of the game. Let me, unc, you know how it is when you don't touch that ball. Unc, you know how it is. Yeah. Nasty something. Did you watch the Bengals game? Right? You watch the Bengals game tonight, right? Yeah. The first play of the game from the Bengals. Yeah. They get, you gotta get the ball to your Playmaker. The first first play they ran. Get a chase, Let him touch the ball. Boom. You already further. If If you give it to him early, early, you have him late. You have him late, you ain't got nothing to worry about. Something simple. It ain't, wasn't nothing but a little, a little screen route, a little smoke route.


You good. He Just needs the ball in his hand. Bingo. That's it. They gonna get it together though. 'cause they winning right now. They winning that. Right. They, they winning right now. Number 26. He's taking some of the pressure off. Jalen hurts. He's taking some Yes. Pressure off Jalen Hurst where he doesn't have to do so much at the quarterback position. And when the time comes and they need number 11 and they need number six, they gonna be there. They gonna, but it's Hard, but it's hard for Jalen too Ocho, when you don't get in a rhythm throwing the ball. Right. And then all of a sudden, in the third quarter, the fourth quarter late in the ball game, you asking me to go make plays? I haven't gotten into a rhythm. Quarterbacks need to get in the rhythm also. Yeah. That's why they give them things early.


I'm gonna give you a stomp route. I'm gonna give you a out, I'm gonna give you a slant. I'm gonna give you something easy. Right. I'm not throwing to go to first play of the game Ocho, but I'm gonna work, I'm gonna work my way into it, work my way into the rhythm. And so therefore, as the game goes on, I feel good about the the the cause. Right. And the throws the potential I'm gonna have to make. Hmm. But they're gonna have to figure this thing out. Yeah. You're not winning, you're not gonna win. I don't believe that the Eagles can go to where they want to go to with Jalen Hirst throwing the ball 19 times. Yeah. Love. I don't, having, having 120 yards, 130 yards, that ain't gonna happen. No To, that's now playing against the better teams. Especially when you play against the better teams. When you play against the better teams, the play calling has to change.


The play calling has to change because some of the, some of the yardage that you're gonna need, some of the drive that you're gonna need, those huge chunk plays are gonna come in handy. You're not gonna be able to play the goddamn field 98 yards every goddamn time. Sa Quan is not going to be able to hit his head off the goal post. When you, when you play against better defenses all the goddamn time, you know it's different Sometimes. Huh? Your quarterback has to play the outplay, the old opposing team's quarterback. Quarterback. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. He throw for three 15, you need to throw for three 30. You know what I need to, I, I need to ask, I know, I don't know if Ash can hear me. Ash, if you can hear me, can you do me a favor? And on, on Emanuel Achos page, can you send on that video of the, of the, of the, of the few plays.


Plays, yeah. Yeah. It's very interesting because it's, it's, it's all 22 or it is, it is all 22. So you can see clear as day, like how are you missing these throws? Like how are you missing it? And then just from pre-Snap alone, the ball right there. So I'm looking at almost 50 yards, 50 yards added on to what he already had in the game. You know, the, I think he had 34 or 43, whatever it might have been. Yeah. But he at a hundred yard game, based on those simple plays that I saw with the ball, the ball had to do, get the ball in hands and get it out. So I, I kind of understood the frustration in AJ Brown after seeing that breakdown from Acho. I'm like, God damn, I ain't know it was that bad. You know, as a player, as a, as a player who played the game, I get it.


But you can't do it that way. That's not the way you go about it. Especially not through the media. You know, the media messy, the media is like going through the, going to the blogs. Yeah. You know, you get the media. That's like going to the blogs, you know, now everybody in your Yep. All over you. You're busy. The 49 ERs had a big win on Sunday Ocho against the Bears. But Deebo Samuels did not have a big game. Yeah. Deebo was held at two, catching for 22 yards. And the big win against the Bears continuing his disappointing season in which he's averaging career, career lows and catches per game. Yards per game. But Deebo took the social media today and say nothing is wrong. Not struggling at all, just not getting the ball. Deebo quickly added another post. He's not in any way criticizing his teammates. Just because I voiced my opinion, I'm not hating on any of my teammates.


Be for real. Yeah. I mean, listen, around the league, when injuries happen, it affects everybody from top to bottom. It affects the entire team offensively. It hasn't been the same. Christian McCaffry is out. I I mean it's, it, it just, Jordan Mason's out. You lost your two top running back, Jordan, you're down to your third running back. Yeah. I mean this, this is, this is what happens. This is what happens. And you know, people, T dub is not T Dub. I don't know if T dub is back, but I think he had a situation here. A family situation. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, it is unfortunate. It's unfortunate. And when, when things aren't going well, this, this is what happens. Players struggle. Fans talk trash because they don't look like they, they did the previous year. You know, Devo is still deebo, there's nothing wrong with 'em.


There's nothing wrong with 'em all. It's just the floor of the offense is just not going in his favor. Hell, the floor of the offense in general isn't going in the 49 ERs favor for that matter. Right. So, you know, maybe next year they, they'll be all right. And, and, and that's it. Because you don't, you don't fall off a cliff like that. And I, I need the casual fans, you know, that, that are talking trash about Devo, you know, not playing well this year. Well, for obvious reasons. All right. For obvious reasons. It it's not that easy. The Volume.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four. And we're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Puck on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.