
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the Wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms, and more@applecard.com,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Holiday magic is in the air. And DSWs got all the shoes to make your season extra. Mary believe you've got parties to attend and list to check twice. So DSW is taking care of the details, like gifts to make their eyes all a glow. Styles that bring joy to your world. Brands everyone wants, like Ugg, Nike, Birkenstock, and more. And deals to make your budget right. Find the perfect shoes for you and yours at a DSW store near you. Or DSW dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on prom video breaking the tackle touchdown tonight. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF Tonight, not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears tonight owned on prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Pros, trust the Home Depot for heavy duty storage solutions for any job site or garage. Right now, get up to 25% off select online storage and organization impact and water resistant totes and shelving built to hold up to 2,500 pounds. Storage systems have space for all your tools and protect them in the garage, on the job site, and everywhere in between. Save time and maximize efficiency. With adjustable shelving customized to your business needs, shop and save on pro grade storage at the Home Depot. How pros get more done,


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's called money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Bryce Young talks about the gift that he want. He talks about what he wanted for Christmas as a kid. Nike Elite Socks. I don't even know that one of those ocha You know, I, I'm, I'm not sure that's, that's part of the younger generation. I'm, I wonder if that's Nike Lee Socks, the ones that had the grip on it. I, I, I don't know. Oh, oh, I wanted something with a grip. With grip to it too. But it wasn't no socks. It wasn't no damn socks out. I don't know what I, maybe that's a Callie thing, but we wanted something else different. I could tell me and Bryce cut from two different calls.


The grip I wanted wasn't no socks. Ocho Yeah. Now as a matter of fact, we need to go call. I got see that guy, see where I can get them grippy socks because he was talking about his Houston, remember he was talking about the book? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I need to get me a pair of them. Yeah, I, yeah, I got, I gotta a pair of them. I gotta pair of them. Yeah. But I don't think Santa was bringing me what I wanted with the grip on it when I was what? I was little. He wasn't bringing that to the house, right? Nah, nah, you don't want none of that. You don't want none of that. What You mean out? You want none of that? Yeah, I did. Nah, When you come on. You was young now. Come on. I want it now. Okay. What about now? Oh, you want it now? Yeah. Well, hold on. Christmas was the day you could have asked.


You coulda asked. I guess I, I was on the naughty list, so I better add up, Man. Hey, you know I ain't, I ain't nobody. I don't even, you know what? I ain't even get the chance. How was your Christmas today, man? How? Hey, look here. I got up. I walked the dog. I got up this morning. I walked the dog. Me and tight man went for a walk. Yeah, I went to Denny's. Okay. Hey, shout your boy out. Got me a breakfast. I got some hash browns. I got, I got the Grand Slam. Okay. And with bacon and, you know, because it come with two strips of bacon and sausage.


I didn't want the sausage link. I got the bacon and crispy and the biscuits and gravy wasn't that good. The, the biscuits needed to be cooked along. It was the biscuits were a little doy. I'm sorry, I, I I gotta give my honest assessment. But Daddy, the biscuits were a little doy. I didn't get enough of the, the gra I mean, normally when I was in, you know, normally Danny do a good job with the briskets and gravy. Now it's not like somebody that, you know, really specialized in biscuits and gravy. Right, right. But, but it was good, you know, watch the game. The kids called, got their gifts. Everybody's excited. My grandson, he got a little, a little motorized g wagon truck.


That's the only thing that his dad say he wants to play with. He was crying. He ain't want to go to sleep. He wanted to stay in that truck. My daughter's called. They got their gifts. Everybody's happy. My mom hit me up. My sister, my brother, obviously my homeboys, but everything. Hey, it was great. Yeah, I got some t-shirts. And you can see one of my t-shirts right here. Yeah, you can see it. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. So I got a bunch of T-shirts. That's about that. Look what you want. T-shirts, gimme some t-shirts. Something I'm gonna wear. Right. Because a lot of times when people say, well, what do you get the person to have? Everything, more of everything. But I don't worry about it. Just gimme some tea. Just gimme some t-shirts, ocho, I'm good.


I'm good. I don't, I don't need anything. I don't need a whole lot of this and that. I'm very, very simple. I'm, I'm the gift giver. Gift giver. I like to give gifts. I like to buy things I like to see because me, I mean half the stuff, I'm not gonna, so I'm, I'm really, I'm really, I'm really simple in that approach. Like I said, my sister, my brother, everybody, my mom, I got, I got something. I got my mom. A little gift, but she ain't watching. I'm gonna get her something else. It's time for my mom to get a new whip. So I'm gonna get a ride. Yeah, I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. I like that. Now something, something, you know, because my mom, you don't know my mom. My mama tell about, Ooh, I love this May back.


I bet you do, mama. You live in Chicago. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody driving. No, ain't no 82-year-old driving. No Maybach mama. Man. You don't know my mom. Ocho my be on one man. Hell no. Ocho Bryce also found out his nickname from fans Carolina Reaper Ocho rate the nickname on a scale of one to 10. You know what? Based on the way he's playing ever since being benched and coming back in his resurgence and his stellar play to this part, even in some of the losses, the fact that they're competing and he's playing really, really good football. I like the Carolina Reaper.


I like it. I like it. Now they could probably come up with a, a, a different moniker, you know, for him being that he's a a god-fearing, you know, young fellow, you know, he is a Christian fellow. They gotta come with something better than Reaper. He Christian. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He don't, he don't play. He don't play by the Lord boy. Man. I saw, I saw one of his girlfriends on ig. He probably, he probably would doing God work with her, huh? Probably, probably that, that, you know, listen, it all started with Adam and Eve. So, But I mean, when you think about the Reaper, KD got Slim Reaper. So I think, Hmm. I, I don't see, look, kd KD doesn't, doesn't isn't, when I, when I think of Bryce Young, I think of, I don't wanna say Kirk Franklin.


'cause that's, that's, that's, that's not, not the right way to go. He's very, okay. I got the perfect, I got the perfect example. When I think of Bryce Young. Yeah. I think of Tyler Lockett very Receiver from the Seahawks. Yes. Very God-fearing. Okay. Just, you know, straight line. No, no. Just, you know. Yeah. Very, very, very into, into the word. Okay. I, I don't know what I'm, I'm trying to figure out the right words to, to, to, to, to, to say without it being offensive to anyone. But yeah, I'm trying to think who has the best, who has the, the greatest you talking about, I guess we talking about football.


Who has the greatest nickname of all time for an NFL player? What do you mean? How you looking at him? He's your cohost. I mean, he's a, you know, I might be, I mean, I might be late sometimes, but I have the greatest name of all time. Matter fact, hold on. But listen, my name is so great, it's so crazy. I'm so loony. I changed my name to a number for marketing and branding purposes. And still to this day, I'm known by that name, by people all over the world that don't even watch the goddamn sport. Yeah. I was gonna go like Megatron.


That's a good one. Sweetness Mode with Walter Peyton. Huh? Sweetness was a good one. Boy Beast mode. Marshawn ly Beast mode. Yeah. There was a guy named, played linebacker for the Patriots. Vincent, they called him the Undertaker. He got that name in college at Mississippi Valley State Primetime. That's a good one. Reggie White was the Minister of Defense because we know he was, was very, very religious. He didn't play about that. Yeah. He meant Irv Fry was like that too. Irv after. Yeah, Irv was a minister, but you know, he, he had to go to club me for a little while.


Little Joe. What's club mayor? Coach? He went to the gated community, but he couldn't leave when he wanted to. Real? Yeah. The fridge. I ain't know that. Oh, the fridge. That's a good one. The fridge is the good one. Fridge Is a good one. Who else where? Cheetah Ni nit train Lane. Yeah, Nit train. Cheetah. Oh yeah, cheetah. Yeah. Cheetah's a good one. That's a, that's a real good one. Mean Joe Green, everybody and people still don't nobody call. I mean, everybody call him mean Joe. Yeah. I mean, we call him mean Joe.


I mean, I, I think some of his peers might call him Joe, but all the young, all the youngers, all the ones that's younger than him, they call him mean Joe. What about De Deacon Jones? Deacon. Oh yeah. Deac Deacon Jones. That's a good one. He wasn't even know Deacon, was He? No, hell no. He gave, his name was David. His name was David Jones. He said, don't nobody come see David play it. But they paid money to see Deacon Deacon. That's a good One. So he, that's why he went by Deac. Who? Yeah. Peyton Manning was the sheriff. Brady didn't really have no, Brady didn't really have no nickname. Nah, nope. If anything they just called him 12. Oh, goose. Yeah. Goose, Tony, Sarah Goa, sugar Ray. Yeah.


The juice. Yeah. Trying to think who else. He Was the first player that I really liked. I'm old enough to remember to had a nickname like Juice and then Mean Joe because he all them was Rock in the seventies. I'm Trying to, and Jim Brown didn't have a nickname. Huh? If, if he did, it wasn't one that stuck. Michael ler was the Playmaker. Okay. Yeah. Oh hell, we forgot. Re Revis Revis Island. Yeah, Revis Island. Yeah. That was a, that was a really good one, Man. Mr. Mr. Mr. Ball. Billy Billy White shoes. Billy White Shoes. Billy White. Billy White shoes. Yep. And you know, hey, he still wear white shoes to this day.


For real. You'll never see him with without white shoes. Yeah. Oh, remember Pacman? Yeah. Adam Jones. Pacman. Yep. Adam Pacman The bus. Jerome Bes. Oh yes. Right. I forgot about the bus man. Oh, Dante Hall. The human joystick. Joystick. The human joystick. Yep. We, I was in band. That dude, that dude was Electric Honey Bag. Yeah. Tyre the honey badge. I forgot. I Forgot about the Honey Bad. Yep. Honey, That's a, that's a cool name there. That's a cool name. But NL got some players. They got some, got some real good names. Yeah.


Moose Johnson Moose, yeah. Oh, Darryl, Darryl Moose Johnson. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. McNair I forgot about That's right is right. Steve Mcna name was Air Maho Ma Homeboy And hey, and what you call him, you see what State Farm did they call him? Ma homie. Oh. Said he changed it up a little Bit. Yeah, because they didn't want to gimme, they didn't wanna break bread with me. Alls they do, I mean, a State Farm do the right thing. But yeah, they been some, they been some good ones, man. They been some good ones. But Who's the best one again?


Who's the honey? Oh. Oh, I just saw Scary Terry. Who was scary? Terry. Terry McLaurin. Oh. Oh. I thought, but what, but, but what you call him got that name too. Ooh, Terry. Oh, okay. That's right. That's right. That's right. I mean, you, you got like, like the Mamba. Can't nobody beat the Mamba, but Kobe rest his soul. You got, I mean, Aaron started with Mike, but Mike, I mean people pe people either call him Mike or they call him mj. Yeah. Nobody really calls him Aaron. They call him Mike or MJ Bron.


They Bron or King Chef was Steph Curry, the big fundamental Shaq with Diesel. Oh, Chris, Chris Johnson. Cj. Cj K two. Yeah. CJ 2K. Gary Peyton was the glove. That's right. Defense. Yeah. Chuck is the round man. The rebound, the mailman, the male Carone is the mailman car. Malone The mailman. Yeah. The greatest nickname Ever. Grandma. Hey Larry, Larry Johnson Grandmama Ma Grandma. Yeah. The greatest nickname ever. Wow.


Ocho what do you mean? I just told you, I mean, you could keep thinking all you want there. Nobody took it to the extreme like I did. Ooh, we Plus you got white chocolate with Jason Williams. Williams. Hey boy. Jason Williams and them handles and passes. Yeah. Oh. Oh, what you call them? Metal World peace. Yeah, that's Right. Because don't nobody call him Ron anymore. Call Him. No, They call it, they just don't call it world peace. They just call him Meta. The greatest nickname ever. I, I, I guess you know what don't you, I guess we gotta put you, we gotta put you in there.


I think you with Megatron, black, Mamba Air Jordan and Prime, what you call him. Got a great one too. Paul Pierce The Truth. The Truth. Yeah. Yeah. Allen Iverson the answer. That's another good one. Kg the big ticket. That's a good one. Alright. Colorado has, has secured what is said to be a record insurance coverage for quarterback Shadur Sanders and Heisman Trophy winner Travis Hunter.


They've opted to compete with their college, complete their college careers in the Alamo Bowl. Rather than set out and prepare for the NFL draft, Colorado did not de did not disclose the amount of insurance coverage each receive citing privacy laws. Coach Prime and athletic director Rick George said it is the largest in college football history. Ocho you like this? Absolutely. Hell yeah. Absolutely. I like, I like the fact that they're going out with a bang. We're going to showcase our talents for Colorado and represent our team and not leave our teammates hanging. Yeah. And show off in this last game at the Alamo Bowl.


We going, we go, Hey, we gonna have one last walk. We gonna have one last dance. What it take two to tango and I'm finna dance. Oh, I'm finna jump in. Nah, I like, I'm gonna train my mind. What The greatest nickname Magic. Don't nobody call him Irving. I don't even know if people really know his name as Irving. Don't nobody even call. Don't nobody even call me Chad. Don't call you Ojo. I done been around her too much on all the road trips. You, Chad. Nah, nah. You know What Cookie might call him?


Irv, I haven't been around her. I've never been, you know, in a setting where they've been both been together. So I couldn't tell you. But you know, I've, I've never heard anybody call you nobody call you that. I've been around. Call you Chad. Everybody call you ocho. Yeah. See, greatest Nick, greatest nickname of all time. And it don't even make no sense. Yeah. I like it too. Ocho, because How, how, how, how. My name gonna be eight. What? A what A eight. Huh. See greatest nickname of all time. Well, 80 is theoretically, I mean, it's like you said, your name is eight five because OCHO is eight and Cinco is five.


Right? So you said eight five or 85. Eight, five. Okay. A lot of people able, if it was 85, it'd be o cinco. You know how to speak Spanish? No. Okay. I barely can speak English. That's, no, I agree with you. I like it because if I'm gonna set foot on there, if there's a risk, they gotta be reward because I have to have something to offset the potential loss. Right. Of earnings. If I work, knock on wood, I hope both of these guys, Hey, I pray both in the fourth quarter, walk off the field healthy. I, I would like to see Colorado win.


But if both of these guys walks off the field healthy, that is a win. Yeah. But for the, for Prime, you know, look, prime, the thing about Prime is that he understands it. He goes to the athletic director and says, look, and they know. 'cause a lot of times when these guys leave, they leave. These are two best players. They're not winning without the two best players. And we've seen that a lot of times when the best players opt out. Right? Unless they're playing for the National Championship. National Championship, your college football playoff, they opt out of the bowl and it's, it, it substantially handicaps the team because you're talking about some of your best players opting out. But if I'm gonna get some assurances that I can protect myself financially, okay, You know, this might, this might, and this would also probably set a precedent going forward when it comes to some of the team colleges best players not having to, for, for these games and sitting out, waiting for the draft, but also taking the lane of getting the insurance policy to ensure yourself in case there is a injury.


Hell, I get one at the beginning of the season, the damn, the end of the season, man, please. And look, and I know, especially if I got, first of all, Joe, if, if you one of those players, I know you got a little NIL money and so you might wanna put some of that aside and says, I'm gonna take out me a Lords of London policy. Right. So, you know, I had a little,


so, so Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products that Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Congratulations to 3:00 AM Innovations on their first place. Win for innovation in community. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business 3:00 AM used T-Mobile 5G to enable Florian the first AI enabled incident command platform for first responders. Florian's features include realtime tracking of personnel on A 3D map and voice activation. AI is used to filter out background noise until it hears a trigger word such as mayday, increasing situational awareness on the ground and improving onsite safety. This will shape rapid response moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates three I am for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones, drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball, we do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Faye this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. All you out there that are, spend two hours talking about the games and we'll, in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this we'll. We'll talk about books and and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings. To hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Breaking the tackle touchdown tonight. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're Gonna love This Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears tonight owned on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


All right, Ocho, now it's time for Rough Draft Christmas movies. Whoa. Christmas movies. Yeah. Ojo. You go first. Oh, you listen, you finna lose this. And I'm starting off with the greatest movie of all time, right? Yeah. When it comes to Christmas, I'm starting off with home Alone. It's over. I bad it's over. And watch what, watch what they hit you with next. I'm, yeah. Hey, ain't no more home alone too is home alone. You done? I'm going. I'm going die hard. Okay. That now that's a good one. Now I went home alone. I'm gonna go with something a little bit more serious, depending for the older crowd.


I'm going with the preacher's wife for number two Ocho. That's what I was about to go with. No, No you wasn't. No you wasn't. You. Yes I was. So you've been prepared for this ocho I sprung this Over. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You Got lost. You got lost. Now you might as well hang it up. Oh, I'm gonna go with Will Ferrell. Oh my goodness. You definitely finna lose now. Hey, the Grinch who stole Christmas with Jim Carrey. Yes. The great, let's go. It's over. You done lost. You done lost My goodness.


How you doing Monique? Hey Monique. I know you watching Hope all is well. I love you. You struggling over there, huh? I am. You know what? I gotta go animation. I'm going frozen. Yeah. What he got home alone Preacher's wife and the grin. I'm, I'm, I'm stuck. Matter of fact, and I got another one for you. Hey, chat. Yeah. Tell me y'all remember this one and if you, if you don't remember, please do me a favor. After we finished Nightcap, please go and watch the Christmas story Story.


All they wanted was the BB gun. Yeah. He just wanted his BB gun. That's it. I guess I gotta go Polar Express. What? Just because you ain't seen the movie, don't you? That don't mean it ain't good. I mean, but listen. What last one I'm going with This the last one, right? Yes. I'm, I'm for, for a few laughs. I'm going with National Lampoons. I'm going with National Lampoons Vacation. Yeah, that's what I'm going with. I'm going with Angelina. Angelina Jolie's, ex-husband Billy Bob Thornton. Bass Santa.


Nah, you, you done lost. I got one more. Is that it? You can Do Honorable Mention. We'll go cover Honorable Mention. Matter of fact, honorable mention Best Man Holiday. You, you might as well. You shouldn't even showed up to the Battle. I like mine. You ain't got no, you ain't got no Funny was in there. National Lampoon. What? You It Ain't better. It ain't better than L or Bass Santa. So all you wanna do is laugh all day. Hey Chad. That what? That what? Cri up Power As Chad. Who got the best one? When we gonna find out? Hold on.


Ah, I gotta get one of these things. Their best man. Best man. Best Man. Ain't no Christmas movie man. Yes My man. Yes. It's Best Man. Holiday is a Christmas movie. I already said Best Man Holiday. Oh Damn man. I hate you Ocho. Listen man. This is what I do. I I like my list though, Ocho, while you playing. No you don't. No you don't. Yes I do. I do. I actually, I do. No, You going, you, you what you're trying to do. You're trying to sit there and lie to yourself and pretend you know and say face that you face.


Oh, oh, oh. I got it Friday after late Friday after. Oh yeah. But if Fight got this player, It's too late, huh? Nope. We finished. You just, you, you add, you add movies and we done No, that was my, what you call never honorable mission piece. You Said your honorable mention already. That was it. Friday after next. Alright. Okay. I give you Friday after next. But you're still lost Close, Close, Bad Santa if and Friday after next might have got me back in that thing You lost with home Alone by itself?


No, The Grinch that stole Christmas with Jim Carrey nothing. You just name had a chance. Except, except your honorable mention Man. Bad family was good. Die hard was really good. O listen, Die hard is good. Bad. Santa was good but it's not even close to Jim's. Whatever. Gr Well we gonna put it up. We gonna put it up in the chat. We gonna find Out. You don't even have, you don't even have to put it in the chat. We Put it in the chat. I ain't taking your word for it. Alright guys, now it's time for our final segment. It's time for Q and a. We ain't got no graphic gocho, so I don't know if you was leaning back for you, leaning back like you about to hear something.


You about hear nothing but me talk. That's That's what that's what I was waiting on. Gerald Davison, Merry Christmas from Hawaii. Legends with both of your contributions to the, in the NFL, what keeps you from being an offense or defensive coach when it's obvious the sports needs your knowledge. Patience is what's keeping me from being a coach. Can you imagine guys showing up late? I mean really. And that's like every day. Can you imagine guys making mistake over making mistakes over things that we've gone over like five, 10 times? No, I, I just don't have the patience. I, and I've never had the patience. I've never wanted the coach. 'cause I don't have the patience. I know me. I think the best part about knowing yourself is knowing who and what you are and what I am.


I'm not coaching material. Mm. You can't put me in any kind of environment that is competitive when it comes to forget football. Any type of coaching or anywhere where you have to compete or people are competing because my dumb ass as any type of coach is gonna be out there with cleats on going full speed instead of coaching, thinking I still got it trying to lead by example. Showing how to get open, how to run routes, how to, I just, I, I'd I'd be more in the way and I'd do more harm than good as a coach until I, I can't, like all my lower and upper body extremities would have to be like shot for me to even think about coaching.


And then honestly, it ain't no money in that. It Ain't Yeah. At the head. Yeah. Ain't no money in like lower level position. Nah, unless you, you know, I think SPS makes like three, $4 million a you're like the top, you know, top. I think they paid Kingsbury like two, $3 million. But I, no. Oh, I don't have the patience. My patience work like a hundred million. Oh, you about two, three, 4 million. We, we, I mean we, we making that, we making that with all I man, come On man. Why making that old? No, I'm, I'm just saying like in, in punk I got two, I got 307, 11 goddamn jobs. So three or four. That's like, come on man, that's like 2, 2, 3 months of work worth of work.


It ain't, it ain't, it ain't worth it. It's not, not for me. I just don't have the patience. They can't pay me enough. My patience, my, you can't, you know, time is money to me and y'all ain't paying me enough money for these guys to be coaches, players are disrespectful. They don't wanna listen. They know everybody think they know more than the coaches. Nah, I I ain't got time for that. I wish 'em the best. Chris Guadalupe just asking for Josh Allen, what's the criteria to win MVP? Is it a better record? Lesser weapons, better stat because it's on Josh every year. Merry Christmas fella. Love the show. That's a question you have to ask the voters. I'm sure they're gonna factor that in the weapons that, that Lamar has.


The running back Jay flowers the record. I mean, look, it is not like, it's not like Lamar is, has seven losses. I mean he has five losses. Josh has three. It just all depends. It all depends. And, and you can't say Yeah, it, it, it changes it be, but it has to because there might be a situation Ocho when you look at it. Yeah, I know Josh is asked to do a lot.


He is, he doesn't have the weapons that, that that Lamar has. But there have been other quarterbacks that have this weapon and hadn't looked like what Lamar is doing. Right. Purdy had the, Purdy had these, had these had weapons like that he ain't throw for no 37, 39 touchdowns with four picks. And he had Christian McCaffrey who was offensive rookie of the year in his backfield. He had Deebo, he had iu, he had dw, he had killed him. He had an outstanding offensive line. Ain't throw for numbers like that. Y'all make it seem like everybody that got weapons just roll out of band and throw 40 touchdowns and four interception don't work like that. Gotta everybody be doing it. It Yep.


This shit is difficult. Very difficult. I think it's gonna be close. I, it it, it's, I tell you what Josh Allen cannot have another game. Like he played Sunday. Hold on. They're playing another, another division on the party. I don't care. Damn Who they playing? They playing the jet, right? Yes. Now, now watch. Now watch what happened. Watch the just Are they in New York or they in Buffalo? I think they're in Buffalo Either way. Either the quarter the quarterback is used to playing in the cold weather. So that's not, that's not gonna be a factor. What if you get, what if we get the Aaron Rogers? What if we get the Aaron Rogers we got last week The win that lost What they they lost that game?


Yeah, they're 19 nine. They scored nine points. They were the first team since 1940 to not punt and score fuel in 10 points. Oh. So Devon, I mean Devon You talking about the week before when they beat Jacksonville? No, what week was that? Thete Adams went crazy. That was last week, Two weeks ago against Jacksonville. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Damn. Hey, hey them division game boys be crazy. Tell what the hell gonna happen. Aaron Oy said, what's up? Were you guys for or against having hard knocks when you guys were told before the oh one training camp and it didn't make no difference to us.


I mean after a while Ocho early on you noticed the cameras being there around you, but after a while you carry on and Yeah, I think once the Ravens got final control of what would be released and what was gonna be, because we curse, we curse guys cursed. I, I don't, I hate to break it to you. I know, you know, sometimes we a family oriented show and we thank football but guys curse a lot and they say crude crash things a lot. Yeah, It's what it's good thing is, I mean you try to be on your best head. You don't wanna get in no fights. You know, you get some pushing and shoving and stuff like that, but nothing major. But the good thing is they're not in the locker room.


I mean they might come get some footage in the training room. I mean rookie hazing where we putting guys in the tape 'em up and put 'em in the code tub or we might, you know, tape 'em to the goal post stuff like that OCHO, but Yeah. Yeah. But for the most part, it didn't make me no nevermind because I was like, what is this? But you know, people like to know what it's like on a day-to-day basis for guys trying to make the team. We want to show the rookies what they're going through because a rookie's approach and a veteran's approach are totally different. I'm preparing my mind, I'm making sure my body, I'm making sure everything is ready to go. That guy tried to make the team unless you're a first round pick.


But then he is trying to pick up the playbook. I mean, most veterans, they know the playbook. They've been there. Now what do I need to do to make sure I'm ready to go week one? So, but no Aaron, it did not bother me whatsoever. Prince, prince Check said, what do y'all think the best running back of the two thousands currently? I got LaDanian Thomas people forgot Derek Henry went to 2036 and 17 touchdown and lost the aro for MVP also Merry Christmas. Yeah. Like I said, unless it's gonna be hard for a running back OCHO to get that award. Yeah. Because the quarterback, the numbers you see Eric Rogers numbers 45 and six, what's somebody supposed to do at 45 and six?


How you beat that unless you rush for 20, 21, 50, 2200 yards of the running back. Yeah. It it gotta be something crazy. It gotta be some staggering that catches everybody's attention. Or like Lt LT had 31 total touchdown, 28 Russian three receiving. Well, I mean now, now we could have a real, real discussion OTO Conversation. Yeah. Yes. The quarterback, the quarterback, the two quarterbacks right now in the MVP conversation even what sa what Saquon has done, even with what Derrick Henry has done, they not touching Lamar Jackson or Josh Hall Uhuh when it comes to the MVP race. Right. And so that's the yeah, that, that's, that's the, the the thing that you up against is that quarterback putting up the numbers.


Patrick Mahomes throws 50 touchdowns in 10 interceptions and 5,000 yards. What could a running back possibly do rush for 2300 yards? I mean, think about it, 50 touchdowns, 5,000 yards and they go four and they go 13 and three. What does the running back gotta do to the top bat? 50 touchdowns, 5,000 yards. And that was in a 16 game season. So if a running back, a running back literally is gonna have to break Eric Dickerson record and he is gonna probably have to have more than 20, 20 touchdowns somewhere around 22 to 25 to get consideration.


Because you see, if Joe Burrow had a better record, he would be even in consideration because he's got, he's gonna be like 46, 4700 yards, maybe even 4,840 touchdowns. We see Lamar, he's like 60, 70 yard short of 4,000. He's gonna be in the 40 touchdown range. It's just hard for someone other than a quarterback unless they have a historic season. Right. LT had a historic season 31 total touchdown for a running back. That was an, that's an NFL record 20 rush, 28 Russian touchdowns. That's the NFL record. So that's what he's gonna be up against. You look at Adrian Peterson.


Wasn't Adrian Peterson the last one running back to win MVP in 20 20 12? Yeah, 2012. That was Peyton man. His first year in Denver AP ran for 2097 yards in what, 1314 touchdowns Or 20 13 13 touchdowns. Yeah. So it, it's, it's gonna take something, his story like that. But Manning, Manning threw for 20, 37 touchdowns. That was a full season. Lamar got 32, I mean 39 with a game left.


Yeah. It's just ocho it's just really hard. I think very, maybe a running back gets offensive player of the year. I think that's kinda where they they're headed now. You see that war getting split up a lot more than you used to because normally quarterback wouldn't MVP he the quarterback, well how is he not offensive player of the year? You gave the MVP but he not offensive player of the year. But now you see a trickle down where they start the running back started getting that award. Derrick Henry I think has gotten it. Christian McCaffrey's gotten it and so I, they kind of think that's kind of where they're headed. Like, okay, we're not gonna give him MVP, but we gotta give him something for an outstanding year.


Kirby Kurt said you seen Andy after a buy. What do you think the chiefs can do with three and a half weeks? Look, they don't need No, that's Andy. Look, they got the, I I still look, he's not having the best season, but I'm still not taking a quarterback over my homes. With that being said, and we know what Andy is after buy, but hell, they don't lose that often. Buy no by goodbye. It doesn't matter. Look at Patrick. How many games has Patrick Mahomes lost since he's been a starter. He probably hadn't lost 25 games since he's been a starter. You know, the buy the buy is good for them too. You know, everybody has bumps. Bumps. Everybody has bumps and bruises. Chris Jones can have some time to get that calf strain, get that together so he is able to play in the second week of the playoffs.


They, they, they gonna be all right. The the vibe for them can can be more, can be better as the, In seven years it started, my homeboy is 89 and 23. He hasn't lo in seven years he's only lost 23 games. That's crazy. So he's damn near winning on average 12 and a half games a season. That's crazy. I mean he tied Peyton Manning for the most touchdowns through his first eight seasons. But when they say first eight, he's been in the league eight years. He didn't start his rookie season.


So he has 2 44 and seven seasons. That's crazy work. It's man. Yeah. That, that, that body is good for them, man. Yes it Is. Get some Get get some people healthy. Get some people healthy. You know, that's, that's bumped up. That's bruised up. Come back, come back with fresh legs. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy says, Hey guys, Merry Christmas. I heard the best quarter of the day made me think of y'all hustle so hard until your haters ask if you're hiring. I love that. Yeah, we get that. Well, I mean Nick, Nick was hustling so hard, but she was never hating.


Nicky was one of our first ones and I'm like, hell, you got all these catchy things to say, Hey, won't you sell 'em for Shehe Media? And lo and behold, what's the other guy's name? We got Adrian with another guy. He, he ran my par. It wasn't my it his, it was his account, but it was a parody of my, of me, Hey, you wanna work? Come on. I believe in giving people opportunities, especially if there, if there's a place and, and well, Ash, she brings it to me. It's all her. If it doesn't work out, it's all her.


So, so, so don't a don't don't, don't, don't, don't, don't ask me. It's, it's ash. Ash. I let Ash do the hiring. Whoa, whoa. Well, speaking of Yes. I just wanna make sure Ash, She like what you want. Can I get the smoke in New Orleans this time? Can I get the smoke and, and the pyrotechnics. I need fire and I need smoke when we come out. So me and uncle come Out. Oh, that's 10, that's 10 grand. You not gonna get no smoke. I'll try. Wait, what about, what about the fire? Like fire when we come out That cost money?


Nah, I, no, I got, I got some homeboys and I got some homeboys in New Orleans. They, they could, they could rig it for me. They beat done burn that building down. Now we got, now we got live. We got a a a a lawsuit. Right. We gotta make an entrance, man. We can't just come out there, just walk out. We, I'm coming in the front door. That's my entrance. Now I'm saying when they listen, when they introduce us, you gotta think about it. Now. This, this is a moment. This is, this ain't just no anything. This ain't just, this is Nightcap live show. New Orleans Super Bowl, week in live from, is it that? What's the name of the place? The Mahalia Mahalia Jackson.


Yeah, the Come on man. She a gospel singer. That was my grandfather's favorite and my grandmother's favorite singer. Listen In the upper room. What you talking about, man? I know. I'm telling You Ocho what we're trying to do, we're trying to increase revenue and decrease expenses. That's an expense that's really unnecessary. Hey unc, it don't cost nothing for those smoke. I could, I could get a smoke machine. It does cost a smoke machine on Amazon. No, it's a dry ocho it's a dry ice machine. Right? That, that ain't nothing. That's, that's cheap. That's about 30, $30. No, it's not $30. I'm telling you it's not. We looked into it For real?


Yes. Okay. Fuck it. Okay. Fuck it. No smoke. Okay. How about confetti? Huh? Confetti? Yeah. We get a, we'll get a confetti camera. Okay. Okay. Leotta Rose said Merry Christmas fucking Ocho. What is the most memorable moment with your family in the holiday season? If you could relive that moment, would you Wait Christmas, Christmas, Christmas, back in the eighties, man. Yeah, We did. We just told, we just talked about that not, not long ago. How things once, once, once Grandma is gone, you know, the, the, the, the the important people of the family. Big mama that kept everybody together. You know, once, once she left.


Family gatherings ain't been the same since. No, no, no, no. It's never the same mocho No matter how much you try, it's just not the same. The cooking ain't the same. The energy, the aura, you know, the, the, the, the excitement of, of knowing you're finna see your cousins and you know your uncles and just, it ain't, it ain't the same.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com. And let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank and NA member FDIC.


Congratulations to Easterseals Southern California on their first place. Win for innovation in customer service. At this year's unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business, Easterseals has used T-Mobile 5G to create immersive VR development tools that aid people with autism in addressing transportation barriers, these tools are shaping the way safe and personalized skill building is delivered. And for that T-Mobile, congratulates Easterseals, Southern California for their unconventional thinking.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. Breaking the tackle touchdown tonight. Keep the holiday celebration going as the Seattle Seahawks take on the Chicago Bears. You're gonna love this Coverage begins with TNF tonight. Not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Seahawks and Bears tonight own on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details


Right now. Get up to 25% off select online storage solutions. Put heavy duty HDX totes to good use. Protecting what's important to you. This solid impact resistant design prevents cracking and the clear base and sides. Make items easy to find even when the totes are stacked. Find select online shelving and tote storage up to 25% off at the Home Depot to organize every room in your home from your garage to your attic. Visit home depot.com. How doers get more done.


Hey, I just remember, you know, sitting around all my uncles, my uncles and everybody would come over back to the house or Joe and you know, kids. Yeah, we got back then. I don't know, I look, I don't know. I just speak to how we ate. Kids ate out of pie pans. You ain't get no plate. Kids ate outta pie pans, you ate Thanksgiving, you ate holiday meals out of a pie pan. Grownups gotta sit in the kitchen. You know, you got your food. You went and sat on the front porch and you know, you laugh and talk. You know? And just like when people like find the odd that we didn't talk at the dinner table. Dinner table, right table. No, you didn't talk at the dinner table. You had something, you got up, you ate, and then you got up and talked.


And maybe that's why I eat so fast because I, you know, me, I always wanted to talk. So Barney and Mary wasn't playing that, playing that sitting at the dinner table. But I would relive, you know, probably one Christmas, my grandfather's still alive, my grandmother's still alive. All my uncles that have passed and my aunts that have passed are still alive. But I want my grandfather to be alive to just so he can see what me and my brother became. That's it. Obviously my dad, my dad, I didn't, my dad was, wasn't around.


He would call and people have to ask why you don't really talk about your dad. I said like, I love my dad. Hell, I named my son after my dad. And I know my dad. My dad loved me, my brother, my sister. But I think my dad was embarrassed because I don't think he became what he thought he could become. Hmm. And he thought that we would be embarrassed of him. My dad drank a lot and my dad died at the age of 39.


And he had brothers that two of them didn't make it. They barely, if they made it to 50, they barely made it to 50. And so I think for me to see, I I, I would, I would wanna take my dad to the game because he wasn't a part of that, that celebration. But I would want my dad to go to a game. I would like for him to go to a game when I became the player that I became ocho. Even though that's not a family moment, I would like for him to go to a game and be on the sidelines to see his son, his baby boy who looks, I look exactly like my dad. Yeah. Just see, let him see that.


Yeah. But for my grandfather to be there to that raised and instilled what he instilled in my brother and and myself and to, and to, to like, I can just imagine, I can just imagine now don't think he gonna treat us different 'cause we got some money. You because that ain't happening, right? Yeah. Now Barney pointed doesn't care. He didn't care about no money. He didn't care about nothing. He was, he was built on respect. Yeah. He was built on that and you know, hey, he called you. Hey boy. Yes sir. Hey, come cut, turn, come turn this tv. We be outside playing basketball Ocho Hey, one of you fellas.


Come turn the tv. You mean to tell me you can't get up and take three steps and turn the tv. But I I I miss that ocho Yeah, I miss that. I do. I I I had, I had that, that opportunity. It's, it's so funny now that you, you mentioned having the opportunity to have him come to a game. My old, my old boy did 23 years in the feds. So he was never there when I was a child. Never there in a child. And you know, the chat is, social media is really good. Right. I can remember what he went in for a chat, if y'all could refresh my memory. 'cause I was a child, my father's name Sam Brown, senior, I think he got out maybe if I'm not mistaken, maybe 2009.


And my grandma and my mama was like, why you trying to reconcile? Why you even trying to meet whoever your father may be? I say, listen, I just wanna know who he is. I wanna sit down and talk to him. You know, I want him to come check out a game. I want him to see what his son has become. I don't wanna hold that hatred that you guys might have for him. And I'm, I'm not like that just because, you know, you, you, you wasn't here. They want me to hold that same, same disdain and distaste that they had for Animosity that they had for You animo. It, it just wasn't in me. It, it wasn't in me. 'cause I was so curious. You know, I was so curious as to who my father was. Man, he got, he got outta prison. He got out the feds man had the opportunity to meet him.


Had the opportunity to sit down with him. I learned that he likes cigars, he liked tobacco, likes smoking out of a pipe. He came and he came and watched me and watched me in in New England when I was in New England. I think that was 2011. And he, he passed away. He passed away from prostate cancer and he refused treatment to, huh? You refuse to treat. It's the most, it's one of the most curable. Yeah. When detected early. I got diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2016, don't you? Yeah. Did a routine going in like, Hey, I was going to take the job at Fox. Yes sir. It was my time. I started getting, I started getting checked in my thirties OCHO 'cause of my family history.


Right. Like I said, my dad died at 39. Two of my dad's brothers barely made the age of 51 died in his forties. One died in his late, late, early mid forties. And the other died in his late forties maybe, maybe 51, 50, 50, 51. And so I started getting checked and, and the, the guy, Dr. Alala, I'll never forget, he's like, well, you know, since you moving, you know, you going to LA won't you just come in and get this, you know, get your routine, get your colonoscopy and I'm sure there's nothing fine. You seem healthy. I knew something OCHO was wrong because normally when I do this, he would call me, Hey, everything looked great. Your labs came back. Your PSA is fine, blah blah, blah. This time he didn't call me.


There was a lady called. Mm. And she asked, is this Mr. Sharp? So, you know, like, you rather, yeah. Hello. Yeah. She like, I I I wanna talk to you about your labs. Would you, you, you know your colonoscopy. Like, okay, why didn't Dr. Qu call me? She's like, well this is, this is my purview. Oh Lord. Now they getting all scientific ojo. Now you, Hey, don't give, Hey listen, don't gimme them. Goddamn big words, man. Shoot it to me straight now. Like we on the corner now.


Yay. So you got prostate, you know, cancer. We're gonna monitor it. You know, it's in the early stages, we don't think, but we're just gonna monitor it. We'll check back with you in a couple of months. Go back in a couple of months. This was like I left in August, so I got this test in July. Results got back the beginning of August. There's like, let's October, November and it progressed and there's like, well first chance you get, well, hey, I couldn't take any time off. I said, the earliest I'm gonna be able to get there is February.


Got there February they got me in, did what they needed to do. And they're like, we could, I was like, y'all hold on. They talking about removing the prostate. That's what messed with your meat. Oh, y'all ain't moving nothing. Ain't nothing. He, whatever God gave me, I'm gonna keep it. I got my tonsils, I got my wisdom teeth. I just got my wisdom teeth woo woo ocho couple, couple years ago. Nah, y'all ain't touching nothing. So they gave me some options on what they could do. Ocho I was like, I want to go with the, I want go with the less, the less invasive one we can possibly do. Right, right. And so I had to get, I had to get blood work drawn for like every, every six months for like two years.


And I've been in remission ever since. But man, but you don't want that called Ocho man. It's just like, man, your heart dropped. Oh yeah, this lady be at all professional Dr. Banner. Quality be, you know, he'd be like, you know, we, we talked about things, you know, we got a family, you know, he watched sports, he knew who I was. Right. I had felt up a rapport with him and so I felt very comfortable. This is a lady, I'm like, why you talking like this lady? But yeah man. But it's, it's, it's, it's, it's a very curable when when you get screened, talk to your doctor, you get screened early. 'cause a lot of times though, yo man, look here a lot of times we, especially black men, I done been through it, man.


God gotta be sitting at the foot of the bed before we go to the doctor. Man, you know, God, I saw God in the foot of the bed last night. He told me to come in here. Man, you doubled up, you coughing man. I, but now I go, Hey, all that money I pay for insurance man. I sneeze. I'm up in urgent. Urgent care. Yeah. Well this maybe your allergies, I don't know. Gimme something for allergies this high as deductible. In premium. I'm paying. Lemme feel like I'm getting my money's worth. Zero to 2, 9, 9 7. Hey Uncle Nochi, happy holidays to you both. My question is, where in the world would you like to see an NFL international game?


This does not include the one that we've seen recently in Mexico, uk, Brazil. My pick would be Japan. Now they have played preseason games in Japan. I wanna say I'm gonna go Dubai Has a good one, But you have to play that thing in the winter. Somebody gotta to hold off to the winter because you take your ass in in the summer Hot. Unless they got air conditioning. Unless it's indoors Ocho because you remember they had the World Cup and how they had to wait till the, the, the fall or the winter because it was 1 22, 1 25. What? So yeah, for me, I think, I think Dubai, I would like to see a a a a game in Dubai. Yeah, that that, that's a good one.


Dubai Dubai's a good one. As as far as you know, from a revenue and economic standpoint when it comes to the NFL. Yeah. And bottom line always being about making money. I think that would be a great move for them. What About Africa, Joe, Berg, Kenya, Nigeria? It depends on Mos, Mozambique, Ethiopia, yeah. Tanzania. It ha hey, it's nfl Now it has to make sense here. It has to make sense here. It has to make sense financially. If it doesn't make sense financially. Well They, they, they have a game in, in, in, in, in Africa. I'm going, I'ma, i'ma tell, I'ma tell, I'm gonna tell. I say I'm need to be there. I need to be there Commission.


I say I ain't never, I say I played a long time. I've been retired and I've never asked you for anything. But I'm gonna call it a favor. I'm gonna call it another favor too early in, in, in about another week or two. But I wanna go, I wanna go to Africa. I wanna be a liaison. Yeah. Okay. Not what I wanna do. So my vote is Dubai and Africa. Patterson. Ya. It said Merry Christmas Nightcap uncle. No, Cho. I got a Nightcap hoodie and a T-shirt. I hope you got got, I hope all you got what you wanted. I didn't make it to the matching pajama stage. All I wanted was a cowboy. All I wanted was for the Cowboys to pull through.


But we didn't Paterson I tried to save you. I couldn't. You would let you won. I'm trying to help you, but you won't. You don't want help. He wanted to pull through after all this time. Hey, he talking about like they on life support. I was hoping they pulled through. They were and what you call them, pull the plug. The commanders pulled the plug on because once the commanders won that gave them 10 wins. The Cowboys, they went out. They could only get the nine. Yep. Don't know to tell Joaquin Pickett says, can y'all shout out my girlfriend Dr.


Mean, for buying me tickets to the New Orleans show for Christmas? Dang. And we sure can Doc. Oh, your girlfriend Dr. Oh, she, oh, her name is Dr. Mean. Thank you. Appreciate that for buying Joaquin tickets to the come see us. We greatly appreciate your support. Hopefully you'll be there with him. With him and we're gonna have a great time. It's gonna be a Nightcap that you guys will not forget. You'll remember this. We're gonna have lots of fun. We got some guests lined up, obviously. I tell you one Coach Prime gonna be there. Yeah, he, he was, he was the first one that we reached out to.


So, huh. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. So go ahead, get your tickets. And that's it. What else we got? That's it. Wow. That was a very, very fast show. Thank you guys for joining us. Oh my bad. We would've, that was a fast show. What about real fast, I guess time flies we had before. Please make sure you hit the subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


Y'all know who I am. I'm your favorite. Shining sharp heat is Liberty City's own bingo ring of Fame artery, pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Do us a favor, make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. The holidays celebrate what Better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you currently live in a city or a state and you don't have La Porter or you're not close to a city or a state, you can order it and we'll get it right to you. And please drink responsibly. Please go follow my media company on all of its platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84, our newest IT release dropped last month.


We've got t-shirts and sweats as well as stocking stuffers such as beanies, coozies, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you get yours while supplies last. Everyone should be receiving their orders Monday, Tuesday. Obviously today was a holiday Thursday, Friday. So hopefully all shipments will be received by the end of the week. Thank you again for your support tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat February 6th in New Orleans. You don't wanna be there. Like I said, we got guests lined up. What are y'all doing? I said, oh, you don't wanna miss it, my bad. Because Coach Prime is going to be one of our main guests.


I've already talked to him about that. But we got a lot of guests because it's a big time show. We're gonna have a lot of people down there. We're gonna try to get some of the local celebs to join in. Can't tell you who all, but I promise you, I promise you, you don't wanna miss this. So we've been nominated for two Sports Podcast Award, best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Please make sure you go vote for us. The link is pinned at the chat and the social pages. And in all of our bios, Lamar Jackson and Derek Henry dominated as the Baltimore Ravens move atop the A FC North with a 31 2 victory over the Houston, Texas. Lamar Jackson did not have to throw many times.


He only threw 15 times, but 10 completions, 168 yards, two touchdown passes. He had 87 yards rushing on four carries, including one run of 48 yards for touchdown. Derrick Henry was Derrick Henry, 148 yards rushing, 28, 27 carries and a touchdown. So they moved to a top to the A LC North with a win. The Steelers lost to the Kansas City Chiefs by the score of 29 to 10. Patrick Mahomes had his best day, one of his best days this year. Most complete game for the Chiefs. If you ask me Patrick Mahomes, 29 or 38, 3 23 touchdowns, no sacks, clean game, no turnovers.


Kelsey had a touchdown where they had a touchdown. Justin Watson had a touchdown. And the defense forced Charles interception by Russell Wilson and the forced a fumble on the tight end. Pat Fryer Mu as they dominate the Steelers 29 to 10 clinch home field throughout the A FC playoffs and the number one C they move to 15. And one is by my guesstimation, knowing Andy how he was, that he will rest his starters next week as many of those starters as he possibly can. Considering you can't rest everybody because you'll only probably have eight offensive linemen. So a lot of guys are gonna have to play for a period of time.


And with that being said, I don't think you're gonna see Patrick Mahomes. So whatever Patrick Mahomes numbers he ended with, those are the numbers that he's going to end with. Thank you guys again for joining us. Y'all know me, I'm up. He's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow night after Thursday night Football. Again, thank you for spending your Christmas with us. It is greatly, greatly appreciated. We're out The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season. Let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Once upon a time Amazon Music met audio books and listeners everywhere rejoiced Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms apply.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lorelei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time, Hulu has you covered. It's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.