
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover's accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report,


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. The guy in front of me in the pharmacy line is halfway through an incredibly detailed 17 minute story about his gout. A story likely more painful than the gout itself. Next time, save yourself the pain and let Amazon Pharmacy deliver your meds right to your door. Amazon Pharmacy healthcare just got less painful.


What's your favorite peanut butter chocolate treat? Easy call, right? Well, it might be more of a dilemma after you try the new Reese's Chocolate Lava Big Cup. It's a delicious twist on that favorite treat. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big Cup is the perfect combination of creamy milk chocolate, delicious peanut butter, and an ooey gooey chocolatey filling. It's a completely new kind of Reese's peanut butter perfection. Shop Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup now at a store near you found. Wherever candy is sold.


The Volume


NFL playoffs, we're talking about NFL playoffs. You bet. We are Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring Touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at DraftKings. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six, go to draft King Sports book app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks. Only at Draftking Sports book The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or In in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ocho check this out. Talk to me now. Tyreek Hill released his rank of the top 10 quarterbacks this season. Mm. It's on your screen. He got two of number one. Lamar Jackson. Two. Hey Josh Allen. Three Dak Prescott. Four Jerry Golf. Five Brock Purdy. Six. Jaylen Hurt. Seven. Kirk Cousins eight. Jay Daniels nine. Bo Knicks 10. Hold on, Hold on, hold on, hold on. Now what we need to talk about before you say anything, Tyree, when did you make this list? Because I see Kirk cousins on there and I'm not sure at what point you made this list, but it couldn't have been just now, ma recently It couldn't have been. This must have been the fact I disregard everything he said because he got his quarterback to one.


Well he supposed To. I you gotta put your quarter, you gotta Put your back. Lemme ask you question. Yes sir. If you got the number one quarterback in the NFL, you trying to get up out of there. Oh, he ain't going nowhere. But do you say that? No. No. Oh, okay. Wait, wait a minute. So that let you know right now, right? His quarterback ain't number one. Now Let's, let's understand and remember his frustrations about doing cardio for three quarters and understand why he said that. And they put a camera in front of his, in front of his face before he can calm down. Remember when we go to the rookie symposium? Yeah. What did the first day tell you? If you angry, don't go to the media, calm yourself down. Take a deep breath. But no, soon as the game ends camera right in his face, he's still upset.


What does he say? He answers emotionally and says things he shouldn't say. Does he actually mean it at that time? Probably. But once he comes down and gets back in his right state of mind, God damnit. I shouldn't have said that. 'cause I really The mere fact that even if you at to the mere fact I'm talking about how bad even though when, when, when, and we're gonna talk about this. Yeah. Even when, when Trav wasn't getting targets, you think Travis wanna leave Patrick Mahomes? Nah, Now I I the mere fact that he got one omission on that. I don't see the guy now, this guy in, in the last four years, five years, he won three Super Bowls. Three Super Bowl MVPs and two MVPs. And he ain't on this list. And you mean to tell me you thought Kirk Cousins, you thought Bach Purdy, you thought Dak Prescott, you thought Tua had a better season and he had a bad season based on who he is.


And you think those guys had a better season than him? Listen That and that's what I'm talking about Uncle. I guarantee you this list isn't recent. I guarantee you it's not. I guarantee you it's not. You know, I mean, damn Ain night we pulled it up from three years ago. Right, but I'm just saying unless this list was made to do. Exactly. Ocho Bo Nicks is on the list. Yeah. Bo Ns just got into the league this year. Yeah, but listen, that's what I'm trying to Danger. Just got into the league this year. He made this list for, for this very specific reason for us to be talking and engaging about his list. About said list. Yes. I like it. I like it. I like listen, I like everybody. I like everybody on.


Now I don't, I don't like, I don't like the Kirk Cousins. I don't like the Kirk Cousins. Based on the way he put you Like Dak Prescott, the guy missed 10 games. Yeah. I like Dak. What you talking about? I'm not worried about him. I'm not talking about him missing the game. I like Dak, we talking about body of work. We talking about resume now. I know he What body? Hey, don't, don't listen. Don't, don't dis don't don't dis don't, don't, don't disrespect Dak like that. Don't do that. Don't Hold on. He ain't got your guy. Hold on. You've been on me all year long. Right. How about Joe? Yeah, you know, you know Rick ain't no Bengals fan. He don't, he he don't even watch that. He ain't no fan to nobody. He should be a fan. He should have, he should have a a, a tour and should have been number two.


Wait, Who The back quarterback Huley you been? You like, oh you been on, you need to stall like Joe. He ain't got Joe on there. Yeah because that this is his own personal preference on who he feels we can't, we can't fault a man for putting up his preference on his opinion on who his top 10 is. Now if we talk about quarterbacks, our top 10 is gonna look Oh Joe different. His list. The moment he said to was better than Mahomes. We should have disregarded everything when it comes to quarterback to come out his mouth. So With Nu and Boy after that, huh? Yeah. Okay. Yes, because that's so egregious. Ocho two of two of mom and dad won't say two are better than Ma homeboy.


You won't find nobody in Miami. Put it like this here. If your, if your fan base would trade your quarterback for Mahomes Lamar Baltimore ain't trading Josh Allen, but everybody else on this list, I guarantee you they would trade their quarterback for Mahomes. You think Dallas would take Mahomes over Dak? You think Atlanta would take him over Kirk? Cousins Philly would take him, would take Mahomes over Jalen Hurtz San Fred would absolutely take him over Brock Purdy. Right. Detroit would absolutely take him. Oh, I got, I got one for you.


Who will the commanders take him over? Jayden Daniels? Yeah, go ahead. Think about that one now. Yeah, what I would Yeah. Hell yeah. The only, the only two. Well only one Lamar. Because now, because here's the thing, you gonna have to run the offense. See the thing is Josh Dak, that's a drawback. Jerry Go's drawback, right? Jalen her, he runs a very similar West Coast style system. Yeah. To what they run in San Francisco to what they run in Atlanta. So there ain't going be a whole lot, ain't gonna be a whole lot of drop off. Can you imagine ma homeboy with Saquon behind him and AJ and Devonte?


Ugh. You remember when he had Tyreek and Sammy Watkins, right? Oh Yeah. Okay. They were eating wa they were eating. Okay. Okay. Can you imagine if he had Jalen Waddle, Tyreek Hill, John New Smith and Da and, and and h Chan. That's nasty. Yeah. I don't see no Mahomes. I don't see no Joe Burrow. And you got some guys up there Reek. We wish you well. Oh, Joe. Yeah. Peyton Manning says he believes the, the teams fail young quarterbacks by constantly changing coaches and system. Yeah.


It bothers me that Bryce Young is on his third play. Call it in two season. If you, you draft a guy commit to a system, learning an offense is like learning a new language. It's not fair. I agree. Yeah. Well, most, most definitely. But listen, you gotta understand the owners are impatient. Yes. The Owners are extremely impatient because they're thinking every time we get a player first round pick, we have to miraculously win right away all of a sudden. And that's not the way it works. You Can can't with JT and CJ Sri messing it up though. Yeah. Because you see Guy, you see what happened on your Yeah. So everybody think, everybody thinks that that's, it's supposed to happen like that.


Right? But that's few and far between. It don't, Payton didn't go, Elway didn't make it as rookie. They're like, you go back and look at some of the greats and see their rookie season did not make the playoffs and they did not look good. Everybody's not gonna look like a Jane Daniels. No. Everybody's not gonna look like a CJ Strau or an Andrew Luck or an RG three or, and you know, baker played really well. His Sprint or or or Justin Herbert threw 30 plus touchdowns. Everybody, every rookie is not gonna look like that. We've gotta stop thinking Ocho that everybody that comes out is readymade sometimes is like a kid's toy. Some assembly is required.


Everybody just wanted to open the package and just get, get the toy and just go, just get It in there. Oh yeah. It don't work like that. Oh, it don't work like that. Damn. And sometimes we are spoiled by quarterback play that is extravagant in their rookie. Yes. TJ Shroud. Yeah. People turned the franchise around one season. Jake Daniels turned the franchise around after 30, 33 abysmal years in one season. Yes. Quarterbacks like that come around every so often. Yes. And then also the other pieces to the puzzle gotta be there too. It already had a solid foundation. All you needed was that centerpiece to smooth out the concrete.


That's why it looks the way it does. Yes. But the, but see here's the thing. When you come from the business world, Ocho, you can change a CEO and he might have an idea, right? That like boom or okay, you know what, oh Joe, you know what, instead of the, the iPod, what if I do earbuds? Mm. What if I do, what if I do a tablet? Mm. What if I do iPad? Right? So I can do things, I can have a create. But if a quarterback You keep changing, you keep changing the play callers, he's learning an entirely different system every Off season. How you expect that man look at the, look at the continuity.


Even, even when Brady was losing coordinators, they was running the exact same plays. Yeah. That was the same offense. That was the same offense. Brett Favre lost coordinators. That was the same offense. That was the same. You got to have continuity. He needs to hear that it might be a different voice, but he needs that verbiage to be the same. Yeah. Yeah. You can put your spin on it. But that was Charlie White's offense that Bill O'Brien and Josh McDaniels and then Josh McDaniels came and ran and then for some reason he coach Belichick put two slappy in there that didn't know, you know, didn't, didn't know anything about offensive football and it messed it up.


But Peyton is absolutely right. But the biggest mistake is that you judge man, hey man, you see how, you see how his old lady treat him? Mm. Well I ain't got his old lady. Right. I got you. So I need to try to make this work with you. Right. And I can't judge my relationship of what they doing over there. Ocho. Yeah. I don't know what he doing. He might be breaking on Hitler with that Louisville Slugger. Hey, you know what I'm saying? Ocho, you got a number two council and So you can't do the damage that he doing. No, I'm just saying I I agree with Peyton. One 1000%, you know, kind of had a conversation with, with 'em about that.


Is that the, the everybody is so quick because they want instantaneous results, Instant gratification and it doesn't work. Is the lottery ocho Oh Ocho damn getting up and go to work. Let me go buy this lottery ticket and hit it and Hope. Yeah. It don't work like that. That lottery microwave society put everything in the microwave, but to cook it in two minutes. Yeah. And, and if you do, if you do, anytime you have instant gratification, it's always shortlived always, always shortlived You Right. Derrick Henry says he doesn't wanna be called anything but Lightning McQueen like the McQueen. Let's take a listen, let's take listen what D Henry had to say.


I don't wanna be calling him anybody else but Mc queen. So don't call me Derrick. Just call him the king. It was, it was funny. I didn't think that would be d comparison, but you know, hell, I told him he needed to be communic when he playing, but I thought we got a kick lap on the night. You telling me I to watch more movies or say again you, you telling me has to watch more movies other than Pixar or Nah, I just, I just made, she said, were you serious tonight? He said I was damn serious. I Okay then well que it this then. But yeah, it was funny. I don't know. He was talking to, he said might be too old to watch this movie, but I'm sure everybody know about to Tip Child. I mean Abody seemed, Hey, well if listen, Derrick Henry has earned the right to be called whatever the hell he wanna wanna be called. He wanna be Lightning McQueen.


I'm calling him Lightning McQueen from now on. Especially when we talk about the Ravens game tomorrow. Lightning McQueen. It is. I don't know where that come from, where that come from. That's from a movie song. Cars. You remember the movie Cars? Oh, Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Old mater. Yeah. Okay. I got you. I got you. Old Mater Mader was my guy. I like old Mater. Goddamn tow truck, Tow Mader man. I used to be an a, you know, I used to be like, man, I'm one of what people think. They probably think I'm a pervert. 'cause I go to, I go to and I be in there by myself, don't you? It be parents with a, with a, with a, a theater full of kids.


And I'm the only big grown ass man in there by cell with not one kid. And that's me. Anytime the memes comes out, anytime a me when we come out, I'm in there. I'm in there with all the kids. Kids. Yeah. I'd be with all the kids looking at me like, what if this big grown ass man doing on a kids movie watching a movie? That's what I'm doing.


Oh man. We all have experience praying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free. Overdraft up to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee free ATMs. Make progress towards a better financial future with Chime open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by Bankcorp North America or Stride Bank. North America members FDIC spot me eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits. Timing depends on submission of payment. File fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. The guy in front of me in the pharmacy line is halfway through an incredibly detailed 17 minute story about his gout. A story likely more painful than the gout itself. Next time, save yourself the pain and let Amazon Pharmacy deliver your meds right to your door. Amazon Pharmacy healthcare just got less painful.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever and for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. $3 a day and a three minute survey. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


During a recent episode of Special forces World's toughest test at reality show on Fox Cam Newton opened up about his struggles of being a father of eight kids saying, I'm going into a different phase of my life that's going to require a different form of myself. Mm. Being in the NFL, everyone knows there's a large sum of money that comes to you in a short span of time and being away from the game for three years, those checks don't come in the same like I got eight kids. It hurts me knowing that I can't provide like I once did. Hmm. It hurts me. It hurts thinking that I'm Superman, but in reality I'm just a man. I like that. I like that. But also I think people are taking a little bit out outta context.


Cam is saying I can't provide the way I once used to when the money was coming in. Cam Newton is still able to provide for his kids, huh? Right. He able to provide in the way he wants, he wants or sees fit based on when he was playing the game of football. If he should be Able to though, I mean well you should be able to. But unc, if you, if if people, and obviously out there, if you understand Cam Cam is a businessman. Yeah. Cam businessman, you know, I, I know Cam personally, I know what Cam has going on off the field. Yes. From a business standpoint. So he is able to provide, he just can't provide the way he liked based on the kind of money he was making back then. And that's that that, that that's okay.


That's okay. Let's go look The money, when the money, when the money does stop coming in like that, things have to, you know, you got discipline, you, you gotta dumb it down a little bit and then instruction a certain way so it can last. You gotta remember this 18 years, But lemme ask you a question. 18 years. So when you have eight kids, what's the likelihood that you, if you have eight kids, what's the likelihood that you're gonna be in the NFL until all of 'em reach adulthood? It's not like at all, it's not likely at all. But I saying So you factor, you gotta factor that in, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You have to, oh, Joe, when you, when you play the game you and I played. Yeah. And So you and I both speaking from experience when you factored, when you play and you like, okay, if I'm in year five, I'm in year six, the average NFL career is, is, is is 3.2 years.


Yeah. So if I'm, I've already, I've already beat the average. Yeah. Let's just say I have an outstanding career. An outstanding career is 10 years. Well if you still having kid, you have a kid in year 10, you not gonna be in the NFL when that kid turns 18. Mm Mm Not at all. Not At all. I think sometimes, sometimes, and I, I, let me speak for me, I don't wanna speak for anybody else. I'm gonna speak for me. I think sometimes the problem that we run into me is that I was so focused on football that I neglected Mm. I miss recitals. Come on now.


I miss, I miss pt, parents teacher conferences. Come on. I miss football and soccer. So what I tried to do on the back end is try to buy things, Try to make up for it To make up for it. You can't. And when it, and when it came, when I realized I can't make up a time Uhuh Not With money. It's the one currency that, it's the one currency can't get back that you can't buy Uhuh. It's the most valuable con currency. I stopped, had a conversation with my kids, said this is where we are. I said, y'all 12, 13, 14 years of age now I can't get back what I lost at that time, 12, 13, they still didn't understand.


Right. It wasn't until they got to college, that individuals that came in like, dad, I appreciate it. I appreciate it. He said, yeah, sometimes I wish you was there, but there was never a doubt that you loved us. You made sure we had the, the best of everything. I said, that was the way that I could show you that I love you. I said, because I grew up in a situation. My grandfather and grandmother, they never told me I knew they loved me. Right. Because what they said, you got a roof over your head. You got food in your stomach just like fences. Everything Denzel was telling his son in that movie.


Hey. That's what my grandfather and grandmothers. So I knew they loved me. And so I think sometimes you try to to to get back what is lost through mon, through gifts, through presents, through money. You can't do that. Yeah. So now I just try to spend as much time as with 'em as I can. I can't get back what I lost. Right. They know why I did what I did. Now they get an opportunity to see the sacrifices that it takes to be a parent. And I've always tried to be there. Like, and like when they have, when they had questions. Be a boy, obviously my daughter, my oldest daughter, she would talk, she was more open and, and would talk about things like that.


My son a little bit, he, he kind of little bit more like me, a little bit more private. They're all private, but they, they would open up and the best thing that I could do is that I could give them a point of view. Especially the girls from a male's point of view. Right. From an athlete, somebody that got money and try to help him to the game. Well daddy, he said this. I said, but lemme ask you a question. He said this, but what did he do? Hmm. Okay, he did this. But what did he tell you? Because if he tell you he was going to do it and he did it, how you be mad at it.


And so look, and and I get what you're saying 'cause I'm looking at ca cam and I know people gonna say, well Cam, you shouldn't have had all those kids stop having kids outta Welock. You just had a a, I think a what, six month old or seven month old. I look I understand. I understand what everybody, every person's going to say about Cam. And for me, remember I told you this conversation I had when I got with my guy Marvin Dimar, in 26, 29 years, he's been my agent. And when I got with him, I said, he is like, so obviously you want me to do your contract, but what else? I said, when I'm done, I want the exact same standard of living. See? He said, okay. So the child support didn't increase the private school.


I didn't, wasn't no situation that I had to pull the kids outta private school. My, I, I had the same house. I was still able to get the same cars, but I ain't have nobody on payroll. I had cars, I didn't have no a house over here. I wasn't taking my homeboys. We hey, we going the, the Cancun or Aon and I got the No, it wasn't no bottle service. Yeah. And you know, hey, all the ones that was, you know, that was going to college. I say, Hey, y'all gotta gotta get student loans now. Yeah. See you, you know, it's funny. You, you see how you, what you just said, that discipline and that that that structure I had, Oh, you gotta have it early.


But I had it, I had it early. I didn't have someone to come and talk to me and say I understood what I was trying to do. The kids that I did have me, me and Cam, we shit, we in the same boat. Matter of fact, we in the same boat and plus add those that I've added on based on Your situation. Yes. Yeah. Like and, but I was so good financially and understood what I wanted to do. I never played the game of football and thought financially in the now my, I was thinking long term already off the, off the rip off jump. How you a rookie, you coming in the league as a youngster in your first year, your first two years, your thought is already out the gate.


Get millions of dollars. Hell, what the hell I'm buying a place for when everything I need is right here in the stadium. What am I going to get a place for? Why waste of money? So you already knew what my mindset was in general when it came to spending money off Rip coming in, Lee. So as time went on and I started making more and more, I'm, I'm nest egging and I'm hoarding everything. And when I did decide to spend money on it had nothing to do with what was coming in on the field. It's everything off the field. So now I ain't played the game of football in 10, 12 years if feel like. And I'm still living the same exact lifestyle that I was way back then.


Matter of fact, that's also a testament to the individuals I had kids from. You know, they ain't trying to, you know, be out here in image, you know, looking nice and designing that. How many, how many kids you have under the age of 18? Three. Everybody grown now. Huh? Everybody grown now. I got Chacha, Kennedy, Chacha, Kenny and French Fry. That's, that's the la that's that's the, that's the last, that's it. Once they out the door, everybody grown. Everybody grown. I never str I, look, I never struggled once I left the NFL.


You know why Ocho Because you were cheap like Me? No, because football was what I did. It wasn't who I was. Mm. I never lost who I was. I understood. Come on man. That football was a part of my life. It wasn't my life right now. Was I dedicated to it? Absolutely. Absolutely Right. But it wasn't your identity. No. Okay. No, no. I was a small kid from rural south Georgia. I was Mayor Portes, grandson. I was Sterling. And she Sharp's brother. I'm the youngest of three. A very disciplined, determined, and dedicated young man.


I knew what I wanted from a very young age. I wanted my kids to not have to worry about things that I had to worry about as a kid. I didn't want them to spend one day in a life that I, that I had to spend 20 years in. They wasn't equipped like that. So how do I make that happen? I had a singular focus, A singular focus. Because I knew once it was over, it was gonna be over. Joe. That's, that's why I never like, man, Man, I wish I could have got me. No. I gave it everything I had 14 years. I got look here, Ocho I had, I squeezed all the orange, got juice, I ate the inside and then I took the peel and got zest.


Mm. I got everything out of that orange. And when I was done, got my shoulder pass, do a, I remember Chip Doug West and chips. Hey, 84, you want your shoulder pass, put 'em in a box, put my helmet, put my shoes cleaned out my locker. You know what? I need to make sure before they send it to me to get rid of all those magazines and those pictures that I got in my locker where you don't, you know, they send, he had little sauce. I need to get rid of those. Yeah. I want them coming to the houses. And if somebody, if I know, but I had to get up and get off my vote though. But that's the biggest thing. I think sometimes, a lot of times ocho people, people's identity is tied to the sport that they play.


Yeah. And some, and they get lost with, who am I without it, who am I, what am I? That's, that's The bad part. And we wonder why the percentage of us that go broke two years removed from the game, whatever game is we play, we go broke because of that identity. That image we try to portray not only while we're playing, but once we stop playing. When the checks stop rolling in. Yeah. When The you keep spinning and you ain't got that kinda money coming in. Oh, it go, it it a, It's impossible. It's impossible to keep up with that lifestyle. Impossible. Yes. Imagine unc even was the time, you know, just for context for people at home. And I could tell you night don't matter matter.


Now it was a time every goddamn Monday I'm making 350,000 a week. Can you imagine making 350,000 a week next outside the year? Man. Sh man, I'm looking, I'm I'm looking at dudes now. You know, they living they life. I can, I can imagine what them checks look like. You making three 50 every, every, every, every Monday. Imagine what they, they got 50 million what that check look like looking Like today. But this is the problem. UNC is in today's game, they playing the young, they playing the young bulls much more money. Right. But the young bulls today, they feeling like, well damn I'm making this much money. But it's just going out unc and they're not paying attention.


The more you get, people say, well, you know what, if you gimme wrong money, then I'll be all right. But if you ain't got no financial discipline, it don't matter. Ojo, they give you, you still going, oh, you gonna overspend and when you going the fuck up, man, unc it don't be, they don't be nothing left. You gotta think about people in the chat. You just think about this, think about wherever you from. Think about people that you know personally. It could be in the streets or it could be business that had money at one time at one point. I'm somebody who was Yeah, they was on top of the world where they at now You got many stories. You know, not, you ain't even gotta say no name. You could just think about the stories. Yeah, about All my people. You know, I been, the whole time I had homeboys call hit me up that I played with, can you let me hold five?


Can you let me hold 10, Man, what's That? And they weigh, ma they made way more money than I did ocho. Man, what's that gonna do for you though? That ain't nothing me, me giving you five grand, me giving you 10 grand ain't gonna do nothing because you gonna be right back in the same position again anyway. Because guess what? Because that's, you see what you said. What'd you say? Give, I don't, I don't let, because I don't lend money anymore. I'll, I'll on, I'll only give money back. I know that. I'm not gonna give back. Yeah, I Know you're not gonna give it back because why the hell you come to me in the first place? Right? Yeah, Because I used, hey when I was in the league, hey man, let your boy hold 2,500. I say, man, if you hey go to the bank.


They're like, man, the bank don't want they inch back. I won't want my bought four money back. What the hell you mean? The bank want theirs? I want mine. So you know what I stopped doing on y'all? Say, you know what, hey, here's your one time you, here's your one time withdrawal. Right. And that's it one time, huh? That's it. That's your one time withdrawal. Well sure We, since we on the topic of money, man, I can go ahead and keep that 5,200. Oh ya. Oh no. Oh no. Oh, I don't know. I don't know who told you that. Oh no. And my money's drawing interest in your pocket. That's fine. See I can put that, that's Fine. Put That's fine. Ocho, I can take that little fi I can take that little 5,200, put it in a cd.


Yeah, because right now the CD is really good. Now the the, the interest rate's about to come down. Yeah. They finna come down now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. But but see no, no, no, no. I need that. Okay. I can put that thing a little money market pay me a little four 5%. Right. I mean, ain't much. Oh. It's something. It's something. But listen, how much interest, how much interest is it gonna be when I pay you on fe February 6th? If 5,200 right now I'm charging you a dollar 35 a day. Damn. A dollar 35. Yeah, a dollar 35. Where did 35 come from? A dollar 35. That's my interest rate.


Five six. Hey, 5%. Hey 5% on 5,200. Right? That's two. That's, that's, you know what owe your cents is you 75 cents a day. I'm trying to use 75 cents a day. No, because 5% on $5,200. Right. And and that was 10%, that would be $520. Yeah. So that would be two 60 for half, 5%. So two 60? Yeah. 75 cents. Okay. Okay. How about, you know what, I'll be 52 I, how about I give you 6,000. Matter of fact, we gonna start, we gonna start the show like that at the last show at at the live show in the morning. We gonna start the show with me paying you six. I'm gonna give you 6,000. I'm gonna give you six out flat to start the show just to show the I paid you money.


I sure appreciate that man. I'm sure. Look, I'm happy That, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm only, I'm only able to pay you by the grace of God, you know? Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm able to pay you, you know, by the grace of God, they got 50 11 jobs and, and, and I'm in a good space right now. I'm, I'm in a good space and I'm feeling good. Well I was going have them deduct like 60 from your money. Hey, nah.


Bad but hey, but I, yeah, that's the thing though, Ocho, I just wish, God these guys now Ocho with what they know now and the money that you can invest and the return that you can get. Yeah. Yeah. But but also, But get, get some, get somebody, you know, get somebody that's trustworthy. Trustworthy and homeboy. I, hey, I ain't, I ain't invested with no homeboy. I don't do what? I ain't got no five A uhuh because you don't owe you a lot of times. Hey man, invest. I ain't invested in no club. No I ain't invested. No bro. No. I need to go. I need a, because you know, everybody got an idea what to do with your money. Oh yeah. Always man, If I had your money.


Yeah. It's never there. Watch how I flip it and they listen. They never had proof of flipping they own and it being successful. Yeah, but want to use mine ain't happening Uhuh. Alright guys, now it's time for our final segment of the evening. It is time for q and a. Damn. I enjoyed this tonight, but this is a good one. Let use about Nick Morris said Jayden, Daniels going to be a problem in the league for a long time. Unc, I'm so disappointed in you talking safety the other day and never mentioned Atwater Do was a beast. Ocho, will you sign my jersey during the meet and greet and Nola, Atwater was a different type of a safety. Atwater was more like of an in the box safety Water was, water was great.


A teammate of mine from 90 to 90, 98, he left after that one season 99, he went to the Jets. But he's been back. He worked for the Broncos now. So me and water, we have a great relationship. I was talk, look, if I, there are a lot of safety that I did that I didn't mention that I have the utmost respect for. But we were talking about the greatest safeties. And I feel for me, ed Reed Woo was the greatest safety that I saw. Yep. Watched on tape. Now mind you, I played in the era had Ronnie Lott in safety. Rodney Harrison, David Cher, you remember Ed Water? Brian Dawkins, John Lynch. I mean I played against some, some Troy and Polamalu.


Yeah. I mean I could played against some great safety. But Ed was, listen, ed and Troy were different. I Yeah, you gotta Tell me people don't understand. Ed and Troy were different. Ed, I mean Ed obviously he didn't play in the box. Troy played a little bit more round the box. Yes. Right around the line of scrimmage special goddamn Ed Reeds is the only safe they ever seen most of the time. You know when the ball hikes you backpedal. Yeah. And I seen Ed look like he playing pun return and safety and come forward at the snap of the ball. Yeah. Because he know what's coming because of form studying jumping s he was and being anticipating what's, man, I ain't never seen nothing like that.


He's the only safety that I seen completely turn his back. I mean, he would literally face, he'd be facing the other way in back to the quarterback and be where he is supposed to be. Where He's supposed to be. Yeah. He was, he was sensational Florida man. Jayden Daniels is not tied with Dak Prescott in career. Playoff wins. I ain't got nothing to do. I, I don't even know why they, I ain't got nothing to do with me. But we know because that's where the quarterback makes his money. All the great to be the regular season. But when the money need to a, when we shove all them chips to the middle of the table. Yes sir. In a single elimination.


That's what it matter most. Huh? That's where it matters the most. Yes Sir. Hall. Hello. 3, 2, 1, 6, 5, 4. This is the beginning of Dan Campbell's getting treated like SIRA era. Losing both coordinators is gonna hurt. Excuse me, Eagle versus commanders. Eagles versus commanders is gonna be nuts. Yeah. He's probably gonna leave. Lose both of them. Hopefully you got good quality people on staff because they have a good team. Yeah, you have a good team, but you're gonna only get so many cracks at this. You gotta cash it in sooner or later That window short. Yeah. When the opportunity presents itself, his quarterback, the, they didn't, they didn't play well tonight.


If you get beat and you play your best football ocho Right. You're like, you know what? They just outplayed us today. What's painful is when you don't play your best, it's obvious you didn't play your best and you get it handed to you. Yeah. By a team that everybody thought you were gonna be. Yes. You turn it over, you bring 'em up to your level. Ken Williams said, do you think Almond Ross needs the, the media to tell him Naomi Brown stats this game gave him, gave them bulletin board material and got humble look me. So let me ask you a question.


If Almond Ross St. Brown didn't say anything, would they have played this game on Saturday? Yeah. That's why I used tell him all the time. It doesn't matter if I say a little or say lot. I say a lot. We still gotta kick it off. Yeah. Aman Ross, St. Brown played good, played, had a great game. What'd he have? 1 37. One 40. Yeah. Receiving. I, I don't what did he end up having ocha? Let see, I think he, he had a hell of a game. Yeah, but when your quarterback turns it over like that, you gonna lose. I don't give a damn. He could had three oh yards. You turn the ball over like that, you gonna lose. It's every Time.


Let's see what arm raw he had eight four buck 37 had 10 targets. Gibbs had 14 rushes for 105 yards. Think about it. You have 23 rushing for 2 0 1 quarterback played through for three 13. So you have on 500 yards of total LA offense, dont you? But you had four turnovers and Still and, and lost because the turnovers, That's the, that's the equal. That's the equalizer that you play double for those. Well they got, oh that, that day, that first half. Man. God, I'm still thinking about that first half.


Well that was, that was some beautiful football man. That was the offensive masterclass from both sides of the ball. Wow. What it come had 70 wearing 70 plus plays. Elijah Moses, Hey Uncle Ocho with JD Bo, Nick, CJ having exceptional rookie season. What do you think expectations for of quarterbacks excelling early in the season gonna look like in the near future? That's the problem. You can't base somebody else's. You know, that's like, you know, hey somebody getting a job right outta college and then you look at, So you don't, don't get one. Or you look at your like as a failure you can't look at 'em. That right. Some people are gonna have success earlier.


There are a lot of guys that when I got into the league, they had success. Ocho earlier you got in the league, guys that might have came out in your draft had success earlier. Damn. We all developed at, at, at, you know, sometimes some of us are fast developers and some of us it takes a little bit more time. Right. Everybody just want this thing so instant now. Man, you see what he did? Okay. It puts a lot of pressure. 'cause everybody, everybody walked like, man, you saw what CJ did, you saw what Jay Daniels did. Right Man, Bo Nicks three quarterbacks in the first, you know, got their team in the playoffs.


So now everybody's going to think that's not, bro, it's not easy making the playoffs. It's even harder winning games in the playoffs. Playoffs Because all the focus is on you. They've broken you down. They know pretty much what you're gonna do. How you're gonna do it from down in distance to area on the field to formation. Got a whole lot of film to go off of. Yes. And those coaches are scouring. They spend 80, a hundred plus hours breaking it down. But yeah, it puts a lot of expectations on, you know, it's just like anything Ocho you have a girlfriend, they have a boyfriend.


Expectation. Well, he treated me like this. Well she did this. You probably should have stayed with her. Yeah. You probably should have stayed with him because I'm me. Yeah. One thing about it, you know, you know what they say now. Certain people, certain people depending on who you with, bring a different side of you out. Yeah. They, you right. You right Tcho. You ain't wrong now. Yeah. Come on, bring good Some of 'em Said what now you, you bring the band outta me. I gotta let you go. Hey, I gotta let you go. You a hey. It ain't, aint ain't so many times. I could argue it ain't so many times.


You know, you come in talking about this and that, this and that. You know, it ain't worse. Not at this stage. Not at this stage of my life. No. You know, my, my, when I was a little bit in my twenties, I was a little bit more toxic. I, you know, toxicity. So You could wa you waste a little time then you could waste a little time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I ain't got, I I I ain't got that many summers. I ain't got that many summers. I ain't Finn hold you. Hold on. I'm finna use that boy. I gotta, in my next, my next argument. I ain't got that many summers. So I I ain't Finn Jean Michael, I ain't got that many summers to be to. Okay. Bet. I like that. With golf performance tonight. Do you think th this will create doubt within the Lions team that he's the right quarterback that could lead them to the Super Bowl?


Bowl? No. Had a bad game. He picked the wrong time to have a bad game. Bad game. But he had a bad game. Yeah. I mean, the guys going to the pro ball mean he had a phenomenal year. Phenomenal. But see that, but that's why we love football so much because we throw everything you've done out the window. What you did the entirety of the season. Don't matter. Ain't got no impact on this game right now at all. What you gonna do tonight? What you gonna do today, what you did doesn't impact today or tonight. Today or tonight impacts today and tonight. So, no, I don't think it creates any doubt. Slim said, what's up Uncle Ocho?


What you guys think about Chris Boyd pushing Frank Ross passion or disrespect? Let's go, let's go flock. Yeah. He Was passion Joe. I'm trying to figure out Ocho what he mad about. You took your helmet off. I'm try Ocho. I I'm, I'm like, hold on. What's he mad about? Can you have a baby? You know, what was he mad? What was he upset about? Coach said son, I'm sure he said, look, let's not do anything dumb. Let's not give him any cheap. Let no treat. Is that what you really wanna do? That's why you wanna start the game on the road giving up a 15 yard penalty after a 50 plus yard run back. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm trying to figure, I I I'm trying to figure out, I'm like, I think so what are you mad at him for?


Right. I think what he was hyped about, about making a, making the tackle for one and making a fumble. The fumble happening. Yes. I don't even think he realized they didn't get the ball though. Yes. You know, and he was so hyped. He run to the sideline and now he, you know, that's emotion. You know him and his coach. Oh Joe. But he took his helmet off. Oh yeah. E emotion, emotion. Making a play. Started the game. He hype. Special team player. I'm not sure if he sees the field often, you know, but obviously making a play like that, a game of that magnitude. Got a little beside it though. Give you emotions in check. Yes Sir. Because they get you beat. Yeah. Because I'm sure you said let's not let's not make it a one play where the officials Get, the judge can Swing it one way or another.


The Other. Yes, sir. Dave Smith said, everyone knows when in doubt 15 is going to 87 when they need a play. A z Let Kelsey get wide open. I don't think he let, I mean it, it was a great play. Yeah. It was for the big play kickstart their offense and a touchdown to seal the game. My hold was out there flopping like in the NBI give credit for the win. But come on, man. Those two rough at the passer calls on Mahomes was ridiculous. This ain't the NBA man. We man we're floppy. So you flopping, especially that one on the, especially that one not really under the chin right here on the chick plate.


And he a little bit, that flag came out so fast When in doubt rep repaired says if the chief dynas detaining because of contr, because of controversial. Cause many people believe it's fixed like the wwe. EI personally disagree. No. Mm. Letter three feet. Ain't nobody, ain't nobody gonna remember this, y'all. I mean, how many, I mean a lot of people don't remember when you go back and look, they don't realize. Think about how the Patriot started. That was a fumble. Yeah. Oh, the Oakland game.


The snow game. Yes. Yeah. That was a fumble. The Tuck rule. It was so egregious. They took the play out. Yep. Who knows what would've happened. That was the start of a dynasty. Who knows what would've happened had that not had that play, had the Raiders got that ball. We'll never know. News A 64. I know Jerry Jones looking dumb right now. Dan Quinn was in the building last year and he let it walk. Now he's going to the NFC championship game. Something Jerry hasn't done since the nine five season. Mm. 96. So here we are OCHO 29 years later.


Yes. That was the only reason Dan Quinn didn't take a yo drive the previous year because he thought he was gonna get the job. He thought, yeah. Hey, we gonna let Mike McCarthy go and we going to let dq Dang.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you could be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report,


Amazon Pharmacy presents painful thoughts. The guy in front of me in the pharmacy line is halfway through an incredibly detailed 17 minute story about his gout. A story likely more painful than the gout itself. Next time, save yourself the pain and let Amazon Pharmacy deliver your meds right to your door. Amazon Pharmacy Healthcare just got less painful.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Did you know that Future Health can help make weight loss resolutions come true? Future Health makes access to qualified doctors that know GLP ones easier than ever and for less than $3 a day. Get started with a quick three minute survey@tryfh.com. $3 a day and a three minute survey. Try fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health


Abdu Wan. What's good Nightcap? I like what I'm seeing from the commanders. Once Jerry Goff threw that pick six, I knew it was over. Good win for the Washington team. And a shout out to the Kansas City Chiefs. It's not Kansas City. You may seem like Kansas City throwing flags on on the other team. That's Tactical lupus, where there's omics class of fiscal responsibility coming out. And how can Brock get paid less than Tua Lawrence and Golf Watson Love or Herz?


Will his agent get him right or he on coupon? Listen, omics will probably never come out. 'cause when I, when we think about it, obviously it would be for the athletes, for those who make large sums of money in a short, short amount of time and everyone is too caught up in image looking a certain way. And you know, once they make it, they wanna make sure they attain that image that they have to portray of having money. And ain't nobody, ain't nobody dumbing down their lifestyle the way I have or the way I did, you know, when I was playing the way I do now. You know, they just, they just wouldn't, they just wouldn't. No, impossible. And I, I, I see it all the time.


I was able to do it during that time when I was playing because I found a way where I can make my name just as valuable as anything I could purchase. I'm not saying you Get but Ocho after you got your ocho, but after you got your house. You understand what I'm saying? Let's just say Yes, I do My name. Yes, yes. Is was was just as valuable. I'm still Ocho whether I'm in a Prius or I'm in a Rose, I could wore a goddamn trash bag. Oh shit. They go Ocho, it didn't matter. Yes. I didn't, I didn't need to throw. Yes, I didn't need to change, I didn't need the car. You know, it was nice. It was nice to have just the fact that knowing I can go get it, that was, that was all I need.


My name would just as big or bigger than anything I could purchase. So there was no point. Ojo, you get $30 million, you making $30 million a year. Like, okay, I'm gonna go get my mom and dad a house so forth. So whatever the case may be, nice little, nice little house. Give a little for three 50, $400,000 home, something they can maintain. They don't need no two, $3 million crib. Right. Okay. Let's just say, you know what, man, I always wanted me a nice watch. Okay? You wanna spend a couple hundred thousand dollars for a watch takeoff? Yeah. I give me two or three cars. Ocho, at that point in time, how many cars do, do I need to, do I need a block of 10 cars? Ocho do I need to get, if, if I get a Ferrari, I don't need a Lambo.


If I get a Rose, I don't need a Bentley. Right. If I get a, if I get a a, a a a Lambo truck, I don't need a color then. Mm. You know, you see what I'm saying? Ocho? Yes sir. I don't do, do I really need, do I really need a $15 million C crib Ocho Woo. I don't do I need, do I need to get a pri No, you don't need a private jet. If you wanna fly private, get times share, get times, shares. Me personally, hey, unless that's a absolute, I absolutely, positively gotta get there. Gotta Be there. Oh, friendly skies. I lo Hey Delta, we love to fly these shows. I love BD, bro.


That's all, that's all I'm saying though, Joe. I ain't saying don't get some nice things. You want some nice things. Your hard work reward. Reward yourself for the hard work. Right. But at what point in time do I need to get, like, I need to have 10 calls. I don't, I don't, and that's, that's, that's the mistake of, you know, some of us make, we don't need, we don't need a Lambo truck, a coloring truck, a lamb, a Ferrari, a Lambo, a Bentley, a G Wagon. Do we, do we really need all that Ocho We don't. You never do.


But you know, when you are young, You do who you Wanna live. You do. You wanna live like the rappers even though you make 10 times more than the rappers and you see them with all the chains in, in the cars and the, oh, only if you Oh, ig sometimes IG have me question myself i's like, well damn, I be calling my people. Hey y'all ain't paying me enough. Hey, no, because Don't fault how they, how they got all, I mean how every rapper fly private. Huh? Don't, don't, don't fault for that. I know they not. 'cause I see a lot of rappers on my flight. I do, I talking about name ones and a lot of these ones that ain't got no big name, they pro. I'm like, well he okay.


Ain't none of my business. Stephen Holmes said hello from Buffalo. Josh Allen earns less than top quarterback salary. Josh is about to get a contract extension that's gonna pay him probably 290, maybe $300 million. Josh Allen's about to get 61 60 2 million a year. Will this postseason impact his chance at Top Pay or has he already proven He deserves it? Proven it been in to playoffs every year. There are a lot of guys that don't make the playoffs every year. Like he has, he's definitely one of the top quarterbacks. Yep. He's going to, he's going, he's going to get top money. He's going, he's about to be the highest paid. Yeah, Most definitely. And, and, and I ain't got no problem with that. And guess what, guess who gonna come right behind the next year?


Mahome and Lamar Again? Yeah, next year. Lamar be the third year of that contract. Damn, it's been three. They do, it's been three years. All already? Yes. After next year it'll be three years. Yeah. Two MVPs. 3, 3, 3. That what I'm saying? Yeah, it be since he signed that contract. Okay. He would've won his second. Oh yeah, they going but do Lamar, Lamar said, look, I'm gonna eat 70. I ain't lying. Watch miss anybody. No. Shelby said, Hey aunt old from Cincinnati, but I've lived in San Antonio, Texas. Bring back the Esteban shirt.


I had an orange BL one. I had an orange and one black in 2010. What is that? Esteban like the first name Ochocinco is Esteban Ochocinco. Oh, that's Steven, right? Esteban? Yeah. Basically. Yeah. In, In, in Spanish is Steven. Hey, yeah, There you go. Fuck you. Yeah, because you know me. I'ma Bete. Hey You know I, my name was Vincent. You ain't know that y'all gonna be 50. Yeah. Oh yeah. Go back. Well I ain't heard that in a long time. You ain't no. Oh, hey Este Bond Journey and Col said Shannon Ocho, can I get a shout out for my 56th birthday?


You absolutely can. Journey, thank you so much for tuning in and watching UNC and Ocho on Nightcap. We appreciate your support and happy 56th birthday. Happy 56. Hopefully you did something fun or you're about to do something fun. Hey, what, what you going to do though? Yeah. Hey, hold on. Huh? There you go. Miss, miss Geraldine, you single. That's, that's right up your alley, huh? Oh, what happened? What you mean what? I Ain't been to the, I ain't been to the alley long time I left, I left Chicago. Ain't no alley where I'm At. Nah, 56. That's, that's that's right where you need to be. What My sweet spot, my sweet spot. You know half my age plus seven.


What? Have age plus seven. Okay, I got you. I got you. Give or take a year or two. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Jordan over here laughing, you know. Hey, 33, 34. Okay. You know I got You. 34. 34 to 60. Huh? You 80. Oh, you know they say 34, 39 by 33. 33 to 45, 46. Man, you about 50 50. Okay. 50. I'm 50. Listen, I'm telling you what I know.


Get you one 60. What you do? Get you 1 60, 65 and watch what happened to you. You'll never be the same Shelly. I listen, do bole about 1, 1 50, 1 60, you know? Nah man, I you one about 33, 34. I won't be the same. I ain't be the same, ain't be the same mojo, man. Let me stop man. Because they be, man, they be, they be killing me man. That's your problem. Messing with them young girls. Hey man, they Messing with me. We like, We messing with each, we messing with each other. We like what we like, man.


Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what, look, Ocho, why can't I be with somebody that like me? Right? As long I don't down somebody that's not the age that I'm talking to. Right. I don't date somebody if they're not in the same, you know, race that I am. I ain't, I I don't feel I need to put down anybody. Right. Just because I'm, I'm, I'm with somebody that's not in that age or that race. I ain't what I do, I don't, I'm I'm confused. But here's the, but people quick to say, oh, she only with him, but then they turn around and say, well hey, he can't be with nobody unless he dropped the bag anyway.


So, I mean, so if I, they only with me for the bag and I can't be with nobody unless I drop the bag. So what difference does it make? Right. You ready? The problem is you weren't gonna be the one to get the bag dropped. Ooh. That's the problem. Damn. Don't worry about me. I'm okay Ocho, leave me alone man. Let me live Ocho I'm glad you leave. I was just, I was just suggesting something. That's all. Just a little suggestion. It wasn't nothing, Nothing much. I mean, you ain't got How will Michelle?


37? Yeah. Okay. See you ain't got nobody your age 57. That ain't what you looking for. Well, You, you, you went and found you somebody in their early late thirties. Yeah, but they were, they were, well they came and found me. Oh, Okay. They found, they find unc. Oh, okay. I I'm with you. They find I got you. I got you. I got you. I got you. There you go. I know you gonna say something slick. I ain't gonna say nothing. You right. You right about that. You right about that.


What you need to do. You need to go find Michelle. You me, a bull job. I wouldn't Even think about that. You just, yeah. You, you just mentioned the other night. Yeah, That was the other night that 'cause I was, you know, I was, I was on that type of time. I wasn't even on that tonight. Oh, I'm glad. Oh, oh. Alright guys. That concludes this episode of Nightcap Kansas City Chiefs for seven consecutive years. Ocho for the last 14 years, the Patriots or the Chiefs have been the a FC championship game game. That's crazy work. 14 years, only two teams have been the a c championship game.


Crazy work One of these two teams have for 14 consecutive years. Chiefs will face the winner of the Baltimore Ravens and the Buffalo Bills. The Washington Commanders will face the winner of the Rams and the Eagles. One of those teams will have a home field game for a chance to go to the Super Bowl. That's Crazy. Crazy. Thank you for joining us. I'm your favorite up. Shannon Sharp, the Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame artery, the pro bowler, the all pro. Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys tonight for your support. I think we have like 70,000 in the chat. We are guys, we really, really appreciate that. You guys have been great to us. You've been supporting us from day one. Hopefully you'll continue to support in 2025 and beyond. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. Somebody gonna have a lot to celebrate within the next two weeks. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it, any city or state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to your door.


And please, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of his platform. She Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last month. We've got new, we had shirts, sweats, Phoenix Coozies and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. It's our first spring tour. Stop. They're on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. The VIP meet and greet. Tickets are officially sold out as of today. There are still many tickets left to attend the big show in New Orleans at the Mahalia Jackson Theater on February the sixth.


Be there. We got some big guests lined up for you. Both Nightcap and Kleb Shehe are both nominated for NAACP Image Award. Nightcap was nominated outstanding podcast, arts, sports and Entertainment. Kleb Shehe was nominated for outstanding podcast Society and Culture. Please go vote for your guide. The link is pinned and our social bios. The commander stunned the Detroit Lions 45 31. They take the ball away, including a pick six off Jerry Goff. They take the ball away four times. Jane Daniels had 299 passing yards and two touchdowns. Jerry golf rule committed four of the lions five turnover, including throwing a pick.


Six. The defense had no answers for Washington's offense as they racked up 482 Total yards only punted once they moved to the NFC championship game to take on the winner of the The Chargers. Chargers, the Rams and the Eagles and Kansas City advanced to their seventh. Seventh consecutive a FC championship game over the Houston Texans, Patrick Mhome and Travis Kel came up big. The Chiefs haven't turned the ball over OCHO in eight straight games, which is an NFL record. You win games if you don't turn it over.


They won the game. 23 13, 23 14. Excuse me, Travis Kel set an NFL record with his ninth oh season game of a hundred yards. Nine increased his reception lead with 172 and moved second into receiving yards and second to receiving touchdown. He had an outstanding day. Trav nephew turned the hands of time back and had an outstanding day as they win 23 to 14 and they advanced to the championship and they'll face the winner of Baltimore and Buffalo. Thank you for joining us. We'll see you tomorrow night after the Buffalo. I think it's the buffalo after the Buffalo Baltimore game Ocho.


Mm. We'll see you after that game. Thank you for joining us. We're out. The Volume


When it comes to playtime, never let your squad down. Unlock Elite Gaming tech@lenovo.com. Push your gameplay beyond performance with 13th Gen Intel core processors. Upgrade to smooth, high quality streaming with Intel Wifi six E and maximize game performance with enhanced overclocking. Win the tech search and head to lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo.


Hey, Janice Torres here. And I'm Austin Hankin. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success Stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress, and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at davids bridal.com.