
State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle These situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Plug In a Hyundai EV in the extraordinary happens from the charge time and range in the Ioni five and six to the adventurous spirit of the Kona Electric to the 601 horsepower. Ioni five and Hyundai EVs make the extraordinary electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 iq. Five SE SEL limited rear wheel drive. And 361 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery actual range may vary. Visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 for more details.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com. The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call it. Touchdown one thing's for sure. Touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Good evening. Good evening ladies and gentlemen. It started already. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Night Camp. You watched the Baltimore Ravens demolition of the Buffalo Bills behind Lamar Jackson and Derrick Henry. They were sensational tonight and they won 35 10. Thank you for joining us. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon. Sharpe. He is your favorite number. 85. He's from Liberty City. He's a Cincinnati bingo ring of Fame honoree. He pro bowler or all pro. The guy that says he could take the guy in your bottom right deep anytime he wanted to. He like man. Yeah, take take him to school. That is Chance FinCo Johnson. You can just call him Mocho. The guy in your bottom right. He needs no introduction.


Arguably one of the great your time, one of the great Ain't nobody argue. Ain't nobody arguing. Talking about arguably ain't nobody over here arguing. Ain't nobody arguing. Gimme mine. That's him. Y'all know your time. The the greatest db, one of the five, five greatest defensive players. When you look at what he was able to do, he created the term shut down corner. Everybody talk about these shut downs now? No, he locked it down. That is the head coach of your Colorado buffaloes. The legendary Coach Prime primetime time Neon Dion, whatever you want to call him. Y'all know who he is? Coach. Prime. Yeah. Okay, let's get to it. I gotta do my field. I gotta do my Okay, go ahead.


Go ahead please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from every subscriber matters. And thank you for mattering because of you, we've been able to enjoy a level of success that's unprecedented for someone that's only had a podcast lot. You been enjoying a everybody turn. I want my turn. Alright, tell me we got two minutes till we get started with the show. Please make sure you check shade by la We're about to be in 14, we're about to be in 14 to 16th states at the end of the year.


If we're not currently in a state or sitting near you, you can order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. Thank you. We do have it in stock. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company. That's 84. With 84 being spelled out. Unc and Ocho teeth are back in stock if you order merch within the last three weeks. It be began shipping out last week. And so you should have your order sometime this week, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Do us all a favor when you start to get your merch, can you DM us, let us know that you received your merch. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. And again, still I gotta, he's already here guys. He it Man.


I wish you'd leave me alone. Not can order Can I order what y'all been talking about over here? Can I order some of that? There's a lot of need Brian. For what I've heard. I ain't turn, turn, turn. I sincerely word and caring concern. Right and all that man. Yeah. I just wanna know you alright because it sounded like it just sounded like you pulled a hamstring. Yeah. What's so, Hey he got bad cardio too, huh? Huh? Yeah. Something wrong with it. I barely made the home mocho. I barely made him home and my phone ringing. I like how you feel about it Ms. Quick. What you supposed to be at practice?


I don't for nothing. I'm coaching my own, my phone blowing up. Call your boy. I said Lord Jesus. I just D Henry runs over the buffalo. Runs over the buffalo bills. I ain't no dag Henry. I Oh Lord. Don't turn. Everybody else got their turn. You gonna be doing tonight. I'm getting my man.


Alright, we gonna get that. Let's get to the game. Once we get to the game we can on. Okay. Okay. Okay. My son behind Derek Henry and Lamar Jackson. Lamar Jackson was 13 of 18. 1 56. Two touchdowns. No interceptions. Derrick Henry ran the ball. 24 carries a buck. 99. The Ravens 34. It's another. It's another carry. 24 carries a buck. 99. The Ravens carried the ball 34 times. 2 71 2 touchdowns after that 2 75 performance last week against the Dallas Cowboys. As they move their record. What are they, two and two now The Ray, the Ravens are not two and two, the Buffalo bills fall to three and one.


This was the first play from scrimmage. Derrick Henry takes off. Goes down the field. Guys, you remember Ocho you remember a couple of weeks ago I said they need to put Derrick Henry and I let him dot the I. Oh yeah. He's not an offset back. He's not a zone. Read back. He's a long strider. Four yards is not enough. Put him at eight straight dot talks it to him or hand it to him. Go ahead Ty. What you wanna say? I remember a couple weeks ago. Alright, that's to, because I know if it was me or you, oh, oh my lord.


I might as well put a, a bull suit on God. You know, you me, you'd had to block me. Okay. You know you'd have blocked my, you already know how I used to call you at Jackson. I called you fast but a week. So you done had to block button number at least. At least. Hey, okay, I'm done. Hit two, nine total yards. A buck 99 on the ground. He caught a touchdown pass. The ravens looked very, very good tonight. And all three phases of the game. Offense, defense, special team, the special team didn't really, the the kicking game really didn't come into play because when they got the ball down there, they got the ball into the end zone. The Baltimore Ravens are starting to look like the Baltimore Ravens.


We expected them to look like Lamar Jackson again. Outstanding performance for, what was he, 13 of 18, 1 56. Two touchdowns, no turnovers. Derrick Henry 24 for 1 99. I wanted him to get that man. He wanted that thing bad. He wanted that two bills. Two, it's something about two bills at one. Nine. Somebody got it. Somebody gotta give you the word. Like I have a staff man. They tell like last, last week, just yesterday, they came and told me, Hey Travis need 10 more yards to go for another a hundred for his like sixth consecutive game. Right. So we was getting ready to try to get him a quick slam or something to get him his 10 more yards. 'cause we're aware of that stuff. But the game, it, it played out differently and I didn't want to be insulting to throw a ball when we were up.


Right. You know, by margin. So the the staff tells you that they should have got in that one more yard man, right? Yeah. Well they, he needed, he needed six. No, he needed four 'cause he had 1 96. He came in, he got two. Right. He got upset because on the last, the last possession they tossed it to him. And he wanted a straight handoff. He wanted to, that had it to him. Let the, he didn't wanna toss. 'cause he know the defense is gonna be flowing because if you know you need that many yards, guess who else know you need that many yards. The defense, they, they, they know. But all his big plays came from the tall sweeps though. That, that, that, that's probably why they did that. All his big rounds came from to and the, and the fullback. But I didn't, I didn't like it because what they did is they had the full back.


They had the full back and the offset. So I like him straight up in the eye. But when you watch this game, Ocho, what did you like about what you saw from the Ravens? Listen, they look completely Different than what they looked the the previous what? Week? Week one, Week one and two. Yeah. Being able to run the ball. I kind of feel sorry for the receivers. I feel sorry for Zay a little bit. I feel sorry for Aguilar, Mark Andrews and likely because they're not getting, they're not getting the touches. I think they should because the running game is so efficient, especially tonight. The play action worked a little bit better because the running game was so efficient. Derrick Henry doing what Derrick, Derrick Henry does. We saw the Derrick Henry of old that we saw when he was with Tennessee. Somewhat in his prime.


Obviously being able to hit his head off the goal post. And I'm not sure how Derrick how old Derrick Henry is, but what he went 97, 95, 7 87 First place. And nobody, nobody can Catch Uhuh couldn't catch it. He had nobody mean, hey got I'm ait He got good, he had good cardio. Huh? He Had good cardio. Yeah, good cardio. But I mean, listen, when, when that, when you could run the ball like that, we can be, when you could be efficient like they were tonight, it makes it so much easier.


And you're gonna, you're gonna win a lot of games now. They're gonna come teams. There's gonna come a time where teams are gonna stack their goddamn box. They're gonna have that safety down in there. You're not gonna be able to do that now. Will you be able to win with your arm and will the receivers be able to get open so you can still win games later on down the stretch when you play different teams with the personnel is a little bit more stout as opposed to Buffalo was tonight. What'd you think Brian? I like it. I I I like see when you, when you talk like that, that's, that's come that, that's kind of assuming that Lamar can't make the throws but he Can Oh he can make it man, he can make And. we can't say that. Yeah, we yeah, he can make the throws all the throws. He, he's more, he he's more definitive between the hash marks.


But he could make all the throws. Yeah, that's a myth. But they, they're gonna have to stretch the field. Yeah. Because even when you play eight men in the box like they did tonight, they played eight box night. You still can't stop when that line is moving and they got this misdirection and all these jets and all that stuff going, man it's hard to stop the big fella coming down here. Like ain't nobody trying to line up to hit that Hey. there ain't nobody there, ain't nobody doing that. They was out There making business decision. They supposed to Making business decisions. Don't, if you don't catch him behind the line of scrimmage and you allow 'em to get north and south and he ain't going east or west, man I don't want No, It's a problem. It's a problem. I don't want no problem big. I dunno how Tennessee let the big fella go man. And I don't know how Dallas didn't move on the big fella man.


'cause he's still nice man. He still Jerry Legs. Jerry said he couldn't afford him. That's the, I don't believe that Jerry could afford anything he want. Jerry could anything he want. Jerry, Jerry thought Jerry said, well Tennessee's getting rid of getting, getting rid of him. Why? Why do we want it? They didn't, Tennessee didn't have no threat of a quarterback. So they know they coming into the game. We know will levers can't beat us. We know Malik Willer can, you know what, you know what Sha I I'm gonna tell you what I think it's because he's high profile. I don't think it's because of the money. I just think, I think, I think Derrick Henry is high profile. What is that? That's a good thing ain't it? Yeah, to us it but when you getting ready to pay D Yeah and, and cd that that wasn't a good thing at the time because he's another high profile guy that you gotta feed.


You already got the receivers out there acting like they starving. So it's hard. Chad, you know, y'all ain't never satisfied. Now you, you need to stop and, and, and that, but, and the question is Prime. If he goes to, if he goes to Dallas, are you going to use him so you can get the benefit out of him that you would need? Baltimore is gonna use him. I know, I know Harbaugh, John Harbaugh said, well we didn't bring him here to run 30 times, but what about 24, 25? Did you bring him there to do that? Because he can give you these. I'm not saying he give you 1 99, but he can give you well over a hundred if you give him 20 to 25 carriers. Well, week one they didn't. That's why the criticism came week one, they did not use him then they, they go on to Dallas and they said, Hey man, we ain't finna mess this up.


Hey man, feed the big fella and he hunted. He ate, he ate that weak man. He still has it. He still got passion for the game. I, I love the big fill in every aspect. Tonight's loss snap, the NFL record 43 game streak in which the bills had not suffered a loss by more than six points in the regular season. So they had gone almost three seasons without losing a game by more than six points in the regular season. And the Baltimore Ravens beat 'em by 25 through four games. Derrick Henry has 480 yards rushing, five touchdowns and another receiving score with he and Rob Lamar dominating and run heavy offense. The Ravens are gonna be tough because here's the thing, when you can run the ball like they can run at time, guess what happens when you stick that ball in Henry's belly, he rolls over and he doesn't have it lanes like, like 95.


It ain't nothing on it. The throwing lanes get so wide because everybody is so afraid those linebackers gonna be because I don't want him to get ahead of steam. If he get ahead of steam, if I hit him at seven, he's gonna fall to 10. It's a, if it's a problem, if he gets to 10, he's going to 1520. When the running back bigger than the lineback is a problem because DBS know that. We know that going into the meeting, going into the meeting and the presentation and they, you know, they giving the scouting reporting the game playing. And you sitting up there, you look at his, he is like, hey man, 6, 3, 2, 4. Hey man, come on now. Then you just immediately, I used to go visit a linebacker. Look at man, what y'all wanna do this week? Y'all want me to wear a neck rolle or y'all want me to go, what y'all wanna do?


Because look at my shoulder, my shoulder suit made. Henry, hey, I gotta let him pass and jump on his back time I can. Hey, ain't no way I'm talking about you. Hey, hit him in his five and do what? Get a concussion. Fives. Yeah, that's what the guy did tonight. You see he ain't come back in the game. No. Okay, let's talk about Colorado. Colorado yesterday. Beat UCF 48 21, the Buffalos, your team with 14 point underdogs improved the four in one, two and oh in the big 12. And Travis Hunter caught a touchdown. He intercepted a pass in the same game for the second time in three weeks. Three weeks. And this is the fourth time in his three year college career that he's done that he struck the Heisman poll after he picked off KJ Jefferson with a diving interception in the third quarter time.


I said yesterday, and I te I text you this, that I thought this was your most complete ballgame in your tenure. It was. You look at the way you guys ran it, you look at the way you guys stopped the run when you needed to stop after y'all done build up that big lead, they started get some cheap stuff. You look at the way you protected the quarterback, you look at the way you hunted the quarterback, your special team, you got two good field goals from your kicker. This was a complete game when you was looking at the week of practice, you going into the week of practice, you're going into this game. What made you feel so comfortable? Because I heard you after the game to say how, how, how much we were supposed to beat 'em by 10. What made you feel so confident that you guys were ready to play a adversity?


You gotta understand we respond to adversity. We got a bunch of former pros that are coaching, doing a great job of maturing these young men. But it was a storm coming to Florida or which Chad, you know, there's a storm coming, so we had to leave on a Wednesday, right? To get to Florida to beat the storm. You know what that does? That brings us together. Correct. Closer. We in a hotel for a few days, none. But team, we, the walkthroughs, the practices that we, we went out and practiced, thank God UCF allowed us their indoor facility. We utilized that. Our guys worked, they butt off, studied a ton of film, met with the coaches watching film walkthroughs. It was just straight football and straight focus. And that was the difference.


Us secluding ourselves and getting away from friends, family and loved ones and just being locked in. Man, that was the difference time when you guys played North Dakota State. I said after the game, I said I'm disappointed because, and I said, you never accept anything in the win. You wouldn't have lost. Coach Saban said yesterday, winning when playing poorly is a kiss of death. You then said after the game, I I didn't know this. You had said this at the time. You said, guys, we can't be happy with just winning. We've got to dominate. That's right. We've gotta take the field expecting to dominate. It's too many people happy. That's what we expect, that we just won the game.


Can you explain to those that that's at home, listening and watching what you mean by not being just happy winning, but expecting to dominate as a coach. You know what you have, you know what positions you're a little weary of. You know what positions you are very strong in. You know, who are the dominant players on your team. And when you go out and you perform, and you may lose the defensive battle as well as special teams, but you win offense and you score more points, you can't be happy. You're excited that you won. You're, you're happy that you won, but you're not satisfied with the true victory because you know, it could have went the other way with a bounce of this ball or bad pass or fomo, whatever. But when you excel on all three levels, and that's what we did ya yesterday, offensively defensive well as special teams, we excelled at all three levels for our first time in my tenure, for the first time in a long time, even dating back to Jackson that we were truly dominant at all three levels, man.


And I'm proud of the young man, I really am because it was a, a valiant effort to do so. You know what? I got a question. I'm glad you just said that. One of the things you just said as a coach, understanding your strengths and understanding your, you know, and wanting everybody to come together. But how do you navigate that as a coach when you're playing against an opponent? That's, that's, I'm not, I'm not gonna talk, I'm not talking about UCF you know, in, in, in, in this in this instance. But when you go into games and understanding your strengths and the weaknesses of your players, how do you hide and navigate the weak parts of what you may have going on and hide them in game to where you can still be efficient in all three stages? Well, you, you focus, I mean we, we hadn't been great versus the run.


UCF was a running team. You know, we gonna make this game playing heavy defensively versus the run. What does that mean? We gotta get on these DBS all week long because they gonna have to play. They gonna be a man. They gonna be one on one quite a bit, man to man. And guess what? It's gonna be at least two to three balls that you gonna have to break up, right? You gonna have to be there, Travis, I need you to be Travis. You know, I need you to be you. I need you to do that. I just need you to make a play. You, I don't need you to win, but I need you to break even. All right? I don't need you to win. I need you to break even you two right here. I need you to be dominant. You really be truthful and honest about what you have and their abilities and you give them an attainable goal that they could secure. And that's what they did. They went out there and did that.


Stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down, right? And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices we might have, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Plug in a Hyundai EV and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five and Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower IONI five N. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated 303 mile driving range for 2024 ix. Five SE EL limited rear wheel drive and 361 mile driving range for 2024 Ioni. Six SE long range real wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims and depends on battery capacity, temperature options, and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first. See owner's manual. For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3 4 more details.


Well it's pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football list. A lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bose.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. DU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.


I look at both of your offense and defensive line because you know that's the meat and potatoes of any team. Yeah, you can have all the fancy bells and whistles but you need those pickup trucks and dump trucks and that's what you did yesterday. Your offensive line. They opened up the holes, gave running lanes and they did a great job of pro protecting Sha door. I think he's only sacked twice. Defensive line. They did a great job of stopping the run. They got great job after the quarterback. I think you guys sacked him like six or seven times going into that game. And you know, I know SAP is on your staff and he's preaching defense. He want those guys to hunt. Guys, we gotta hunt. I know he telling they gotta hunt, right? Did you feel comfortable? Did you know like damn UCF they wanna run to football. We've kind of been a little, little lax at stopping the run, but I feel comfortable going into the game today that we can, we can do, yeah, we did, we did.


Coach Rob Levison is doing a great job as well as Pat Sherman. Our, both my coordinators. They're doing a wonderful job of game planning and getting us prepared and not just add what I certainly, they cannot beat us at this. We cannot surrender that. We cannot do this. Those are my additives that I make sure that we can't do. Especially navigating through the game and understanding what's at hand during the game. And situational football. Like a situation like going down before the half, you know, we, we were getting ready to take a shot. I said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, let's get it. Tim o yard mighta got this Tim o yards, mighta got this. Let, let's dial up something Tim o yards. Gimme that. Let's get outta balance. We got eight seconds. We need to do this within five to four seconds.


We need three seconds on the clock. We good. We gotta a time out left. I'm gonna use that. Boom man, pat called a perfect play. We get out bounds, hit the B back on the shallow, go and cross the field. He gets outta bounds, model hits it. Now we going hit with momentum 'cause they're about to get the ball to start the second half because we got the ball opening up. So it's a lot of situational things that go, that coincide with what you're trying to do and what you're trying to accomplish as well. But the coordinators came up with wonderful game plans. And, we ran the ball effectively. Anytime you just running the ball effectively, everything and take some heat off too back there, it's gonna be a problem because now it gets like seven on seven and when you give him that opportunity, Chad, you've seen him, when you'll give him that opportunity to sit back there and settle his feet, it's gonna be a problem.


But he makes him throw yesterday time on the move, I watched him throw that ball to, to Trav. He's rolling to his left and he has to throw it over because he has a guy in between him and Trav. So he has to put enough, he has to put enough heat on it, but he has to put enough touch to get it up and down the guy in front of him and he has to the safety closing in on him. When you watch him, I, I look he grew up in your house, you know what you got. But at any point in time do you get impressed by seeing what he's doing? No, because I, my expectations are out outta the, I get mad, you know, I get mad at times. Hey dog, what's wrong with you man? You, you know, like it, that happens And, we have these intense conversations, but sometimes I have to dial back because I'm looking at it from this point of view and I'm hearing the call goes in.


I don't know if this happens or that happens. And, we don't know, but he knows. Right? Right. You know, he could, he could redial it and say this is what was supposed to happen, but this didn't happen. This is why this happened. Like he, these quarterbacks can recant everything and he could tell you everything that he saw because that's the first thing I asked. What did you see? What did you see? And he and Pat are wonderful together. I mean you gotta hear the chemistry going in. See now it's the luxury because you got a quarterback that can see the field and then the coach gets to talk to him until 15 seconds is left on the play clock. So that's almost like stealing man, because now he's telling them, okay, they may come weak side. Oh look at the front side and this, this and Shado iss already there.


He's already right there. And sometimes, you know, he'll check off something. We'll like, oh my God, he should have stuck with the play. Oh, oh, good job. Good job sir. It's almost like that sometimes because he can see the game. He can see the game tremendously. Well. Yeah. Speak speaking of, speaking of seeing the game. Uncle and I were arguing last night, we were talking obviously watching, watching Travis Hunter and, and what he's doing and, and how special he is. Yeah. I'm talking about special there, there haven't been many players. There haven't been very many. Two-way collegiate players that can do what he's doing at such an early age and be efficient on both sides at, of the ball at level. Like he at, at that level. And I talked with Unc yesterday. I'm sitting here arguing with him. I'm telling you Unc, I say Unc. I I believe Travis is a better receiver as opposed to db.


Now we have, we have you here. So I just want you to, I ain't tell I'm a pro, you like a pro scout, you're gonna have to find out on your own The answer. I don't have to find out because I've been watching, I've been watching myself. I know the answer. I know the answer. I know the answer too. What? No, no. What you saying? See what this is what you really saying. You've seen him with more opportunities at receiver. That's why you feel that way. If you see him on a day-to-day basis, pat them feet and get down there and get that. I mean, and I know him like a book. Yeah. Right before that play. If, if somebody dialed it back before the play he made, I say, look man, focus, focus, focus because they're getting ready to come at you. Yeah. I need you to focus and stay low and do what you do.


Right. That's what I said to him on the sideline because I know him and I know the floor of game and I know when coordinators think he's tired of death, they may try to take a shot to try to catch him sleeping or slipping and he ain't, he ain't getting ready to do that. That that's just who he is. Right. But I know the answer to that. Well sure. This is my problem. Every week we got a ton of scouts come to practice and they ask me that question, what do I think he is? I said, I'll tell you what, if you put him on defense and don't let him play offense in the pros, you gonna look crazy because you're not moving the ball down the field. And your best receivers over there on the defense side of the ball. See? Thank you. And then the fans, You thank You. Right. The fans gonna start boo and they gonna start saying, put Travis in now if you, if if you put it vice versa, okay, now he's on offense and he's lighting it up, then your cornerback is getting killed.


But you got him over there sitting on the bench and your best corner is sitting over there waiting for the offense to get attorney and you get murdered out there. You gonna look like a fool as a head coach. So you got to allow him to be who he is. I'm thankful that God blessed me with him and God gave me a career where I could see the game from both sides. Right. And I can understand that. No, this is not it. Not only this is who this kid is. Yeah. I gotta let him be him. Imagine if I was selfish and just was traditional and just played him on one side of the ball, we wouldn't see half of the plays that we've been blessed with to see as a collegiate football player. I would've have robbed him of that, that, that, that greatness that he has that he's displayed for us.


Yeah. Thank God that, that he he came, he chose us. You. Yeah. And he gave us the tremendous time. You you have a very unique perspective because when you went to Dallas, I don't know, I don't know who the number two got got hurt. You were the full-time corner, but they had a package of plays for you and you, they would run you on the reverse. They would throw the smoke screen to you, they put you down the field, you catch the polls, you catch the over. So you have a very unique perspective of what it's like. Well, well sha it was a period of time that I was, I was playing 109, 120 page game. Right. It was a, it was a period of games that I was playing that. So I understand the repetitions but you know guys like us, like Chad, we ain't get tired.


Oh no, I ain't get tired. That's the last thing we got playing this game. How you gonna get tired playing a childish game called football? Did we ever get tired in the hood when we growing up? Growing up playing. Never was there any timeouts when we grew up playing street ball? No. Never. Nigga we used to be fuck at the bus stop. Fact, hold on. The only time we stopped is when you got a pause for a car to go by. Thank you And. we was, that's time you stopped. I used, I organized, I was always structured. I organized my bus stop to go play against other bus stop. Now we going to school dead far, but we won but we won. Throw back, get tired so you don't get tired doing what you gifted and blessed to do. Man, the kid don't tire.


Now we give him, he has Sundays off Mondays and Tuesdays off. So he starts working on Wednesdays so he could get his rest time. He, he and if anybody got a problem with it, I say do what he does, I give you the days off. I was gonna ask you about that. About how you say you give him Sunday, Monday and Tuesday off. Give his body a chance to recover. Our normal off days are are Mondays. We're normally off for Mondays. Okay. We, we do a 70%. If you played 60%, 60% of the snaps during the game on Saturday, you get Sundays off. Okay. Right. That's my chance, that's my opportunity to get these other guys from reps to work to get them total focus from the staff to, to get them ready to play just in case somebody sustained an injury. But no, he gets a couple days off then the third on that Tuesday and he's ready to win.


How tall is because? Because standing next to him he's taller than people think. People think he's Travis taller than me. Travis about six two. Yeah. And he, he jump out the gym, jump out the gym like, like if you see him play basketball, jump out the gym, like all great corners a lot real lean. Yeah. Down low. Got long limbs and jump out the gym. Yeah. I ain't never seen a great corner that can't jump out the, the gym. I ain't never seen, never seen it in my life. I know timer. You had ups like that though. Who? I dunk the medicine ball. I didn't stutter about that. Think about how, how you gotta get oh weight.


But lemme ask you this time, a lot of people are asking, obviously you want your son to go to a great situation. That's first and foremost. Yeah. You want him to go high. You think, you think you wanna go to a great knowing how you think? Yes, high you want him to go high but sometimes going high means going into a bad situation. What about because everybody's like, well, will will Coach, Prime pull a Eli? Have you thought that far? You just go, Hey son, just do what you're supposed to do. Everything gonna take care of itself. And, we gonna cross after the season we'll sit down and discuss what the next step is. Eli A LaVar ball, a LeBron.


I'm pull a Cesar Cesar. What what the boxes? I'm pulling it all up. Yeah, all of them. No, honestly, we, we've talked about it extensively. I talked to a multitude of teams 'cause they had practice every day. But I want what's best for him. But I want him to be happy as well. Right. So, you know, you really don't get to dictate where your, where your son gets to go because there's a draft process. But you know us, you know how we are. We know who ain't trying to win in NL. It's, you know, you know that, you know who's consistently, you know, in the basement year after year after year. You don't want that situation for your kids. Yeah. Or your family members. Nobody. No, no. None of 'em. So we, we know what time it is.


But you gotta understand Shado is, is is he's suited for adversity. Right. All our life we've been on adversity all our life. We've been hated and mistreated and talked about it. Lied on and, and just naysay all I like. He ain't never had the red carpet rolled out to him. I'm not that kind of father. You know, I wouldn't know. He ain't had no silver spoon. He had a wood spoon that kind we used to put on the wall. Had a spoon. Yeah. Yeah. He said in the interview last week, he said my dad didn't gimme no trust fund. Yeah we, we don't work like that. He had to earn everything he has. So he's suited to go to a team that's been up under adversity because that's what he's done all his life. He's been in adverse situations.


I heard Mel Kuer say that cover two, they need to do away with the cover two because this is why quarterbacks are struggling. This is why teams are struggling so early in the season. Man. What's your take on that time? Chad can tell you don't they have two beaters? Yes. Yeah. Okay. Why don't you just call a two beater common sense. You get them out too. You can run them out that beat. Run them out of it. You can run him out. That too. First of all Jake, if they had a couple two on you and you playing tight end, you gonna tear that every time. That Lineback ain't gonna keep up with you. That scene. If he, if he running what you hell we gonna put it back shoulder then what gonna do matter. You'll go to work And if they, if they in that too, hell, all you gotta do, if you got some dogs over there, they condense some goddamn spits.


We corner rock they ass to death or we go two yards outside. The number And we got run that dig, dig they ass to death One. Lemme tell you. Couple two, couple two. First of all, Chad loved cover two. You know why? Because he to the corner up and now he went on one with a safety that's not used to playing in space. So that was a murder. Everybody, honestly I, I've always told coordinators and the pros guys, if you gonna play cover two, just put the safeties up front, put the corners in the back because you want the, you want the con you which are not a safety is to come up and make the tackles. Then you want those guys to defend the past. But now you dealing with a guy back there in the hash that ain't used to space. Yeah. If Chad can't wait to get off that gym and see that joke and face him up, man please.


That's right. Yeah, that's right. I cover two BI used used to tell td TD run him outta cover too. That's your job. Right. Run him outta cover two, make him drop. You not finna stop us with this light box. You gonna have to drop that eight play action. Gonna kill it too though. Play action. Gonna kill it too. Exactly. Because when you got a running game, he, he has to, you know he has to take that fake. He has to, he has to stay still. So he won't let you get up. He gonna let you get up the scene. He ain't got no choice time. Let's look at your Colorado, Buffalo schedule you off this week. You got K State at home man, I don't wanna talk about Colorado. I wanna talk about you. What you Hey, Ask, ask, ask who Michelle lives.


I ain't Finn do that now. I ain't, I ain't, I don't, I don't bring nobody else into this hold. I just wanna bring my boy into this. You wanted, you said you wanted your Yeah, I I just the just the, the sound effects. That's what I'm on The sound effects. I'm just, that was a fan. That was a fan. He take off his shirt. He looked like Superman, black Superman, black Black, black hero. Black soldier, boy. Everything. He look like all that. I'm just trying to wonder that like Chad say, have you not been doing cardio? Because I know you do cardio bad time. I thought we had this conversation. Did you?


Okay. Didn't answer this. Did you hear Gilly? Did you hit Gilly? I did not. That was good. Okay. Gilly's was a good one. Gilly had one of the best reenactments, man. Yeah. Okay. We stopped because I can see you. Nah, you ain't gonna stop. You ain't gonna stop. You gonna stop for like 10 minutes. You know if you get, you know if you get sensitive you gonna get funny. You know it's gonna get funnier if you get s I'm just letting you know, if I see your face tighten up little bit, I'm gonna keep going. I can't, I can't get serious with you. We don't get, if it was me, oh you already know it been over for you. You would've been sitting in the parking lot waiting for me to get to work.


I, I definitely, I definitely would've done a couple shows from Boulder. You walked up and said man, let's get this over because you know, you know what it's gonna be. Let this over let go. Your office ain't nobody go get it over with. That's why bad. We had our talk, we got it over with and I'm proud of you. You a lot of water. You got thirsty off it quick. You got, you got real thirsty real quick. You know I'm drinking. Continue to keep, keep, keep my voice right. Did your cup keep your cup ring ready? I thought you Rick Ross in there minute man. Y'all see what I go through man.


This is why I don't call him. I can't call this man because this is what happens Chad. What you say? When he first called you or did you call him? What you say what first? I, I, I texted right away. I, I called but Unc every, everything good. I just wanted to make sure. But I, I waited a little bit 'cause I know he was probably getting a lot of calls so I was kind of nervous. So based on what happened, like, well damn, we still gonna be able to do Nightcap. So I waited about an hour or two. I checked and I'm like, Hey Unc, everything good. He said yeah, I'm good. I just took one of them diamonds a little too early. Yeah. Hey, once he, Once, once, once he made somewhat like a, a joke about it.


I know everything. I'm proud of him. I know I'm proud Of him because he owned it. I'm proud of him because he owned it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You can't, you know, he Could tried lie off and then all the fools talk about you staged like come on dog. Ain't nobody do that. Like what's wrong with y'all ain't Can't stay. He don't even work the goddamn The first time, the first time on IG Live. That's what I'm gonna do. Yeah, but listen, if you gonna stage it at least you gonna have a highlight. Show that highlight A highlight show at all. That was a low, like if you gonna stage it gonna be some of my best. Yeah. Sweet. Who? The bird Enough.


I'm gonna, it's gonna, I'm gonna roar everything. Jumping off everything. Smoke. Oh. Alright. That's it. That's it. I got mine. I'm, I'm done with it now. I'm done with it now let's go, let's go.


Hold on. Go ahead. Y'all keep going fan. You let somebody in. What you say? You Say you, you gotta turn the fan on the, so Oh, I thought they let somebody in. Y'all, y'all, y'all off this week, huh? Yeah, we off this week. I'm, I'ma come out y who y'all got? Y'all got K State next week? Yes Lord. I'ma come, come up there. I'm the only one. Listen, you only, only time you come is I'm in Miami and that ain't no coming nowhere. You already home. This the problem. You gotta understand I got 37 11 jobs. I got 37 11 jobs. You you should be proud of me now. I done came a long way. I'm proud of you. I done and you kept them. I done came a long way and you kept them a long way. I'm proud of you. Yeah, because you have stability now you're grounded.


I like that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I I ain't got no choice but to be grounded. Okay guys. Yeah, the chief beat the charge of 1710. Rasheed Rice was carted off the field after Pilate with Patrick Mahomes after interception. Yeah. Bay Fear and ACL tear. Now there, there probably would be out be without Rasheed Rice. Hollywood Brown is out possibly for the season. Isaiah Pacheco went down. What happened to Hollywood? He now his shoulder, he'll be back. He'll be back in two weeks. No, they put him on ir. They say they, they looking at the season. I said two weeks. Fingers count. Oh my bad. Don't worry about it. Is that two weeks make two weeks? Yeah.


That don't, don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Oh, y'all gotta be drinking on the show. Go ahead. Well he was what? He was talking about time that they was gonna play a Sunday game, a Thursday game and then, so that's what he was trying to get. He gonna miss a four game in two weeks. That's what he was trying to get at. You know, you have to understand joke. Yeah, I tell you what, that joker know how to run a final. He he know how to run a five. That's his route. That's his route. That's his route. Hey, time when we were discussing, everybody was talking about a threepeat. And I say the reason why it's so hard, they said, well, who you think the biggest competitor that's standing in their way? I say the chiefs, I say injuries because you play longer every year. Your off season is shorter every year.


And, and think about it, they're down. Rashid Rice, who's their best receiver? Hollywood Brown, who they brought in to stretch the, to help stretch the field. They draft the word Isaiah Pacheco the running back. He's gone now. So I mean, that's three guys that you are relying on. You, you only, it's tough. It's, it's tough. It's tough because it's hard to maintain that passion year after year after year. I know people listening and watching and saying, no, it ain't, you get paid to do that. Yeah, but you lose players, you lose key players that may have, I don't give a, it might have been a L five that might have been that dog that kept those special teams going. Correct. So you lose players and it's just hard to keep that passion then everybody in your conference, they study you.


Like everybody in the afc they study them in officer because you gotta, you gotta beat the Champs.


State Farm knows making smarter financial moves today secures your financial freedom for a second tomorrow on Michael Cultura podcast network. We believe this too by sharing money management tips that help you realize your dreams. Like on our show life as a gringo with DJ dramas, Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves, educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Had to not fall into those same traps and, and had to not, you know, create the same difficult situations that many of us grew up in. Like I, I started the podcast earlier saying, for me in my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


Plug in a Hyundai ev and the extraordinary happens. It's not just the ultra fast charging capability in long range in the Ioni five, in Ioni six, or the adventure seeking spirit of the Kona Electric or the groundbreaking 601 horsepower Ioni five n. And it's not just the comfort in knowing that every Hyundai EV is backed by a 10 year, a hundred thousand mile limited electric battery warranty. Hyundai's EVs transform a low hum into a loud adventure. They bring color to your journey and turn energy into main character energy. So forget everything you thought you knew about EVs and turn the extraordinary into something truly electrifying. There's joy in every journey. EPA estimated three, three mile driving range for 2024. IEC five SE SEL limited real wheel drive and 361 mile driving range for 2024 Iion. Six SE long range rear wheel drive with fully charged battery. Estimated range varies for other models and trims in the pants on battery capacity, temperature options and other factors. Limited battery warranty covers defects and materials for 10 years or 1000 miles, whichever occurs first, see owner's manual. For complete warranty details and limitations, visit hyundai usa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3. Four more details.


Let's pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you feel good enough to go out there and play, you turn on that switch, no one can stop you. For more, check out bs.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults, you know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback Today@purdueglobal.edu.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's o doo.com.


You think Andy Reed? Andy Reed gonna have to, he gonna have to go go get a receiver though from somewhere. He gotta get somebody. What's A bunch of receivers out there though? It's a bunch of, he like D hop. You like the, you like a trade for Dhap Woo Dhop out there. I mean, he could be available. What is he doing Out there? Well, he t Tennessee. He in Tennessee. Nothing he be available. He in Tennessee. Sicker will Levi, that's what he's doing. Oh yeah. Ain't no balls coming outta here. Ain't no balls coming outta here. Yeah, see, I, I can't say I can't, I keep forgetting I'm a head coach. I can't talk like that. I can't talk like that because, because you know my son might be drafted. Tennessee, you, you talking like me and you talk on the phone. That's right. I forget.


I, I forget. Hey listen, Devonte Adams To the gonna trade him within the division. You forget that. Hold On. Amari Cooper, listen, trading players into the, to the division is what everybody does. Now Out your mind, Amari Not no Amari, not Him. Amari Cooper to the Chiefs. No. That might be a possibility. 'cause if you know he probably won't out because they been killing him. The thing I know going outta business cell right now, ain't nobody giving up till like week eight and they start positioning himself for the draft. Ain't nobody giving up this early. Oh Listen, Andy Reed under Andy Reed coming calling. You never know. It's a lot of receivers out there. Could play some ball man that they got an opportunity.


I'm telling you, I guarantee you they got some cats on the practice squad that could get it in. I mean we talk about make a difference right now though. Like yeah, it's Make a difference. Yeah. Patrick Mahomes was eight 19 or 29, 2 45 a touchdown won in interception. He was sacked three times. Kareem Hunt, who they picked up off the street. Remember he was there at, in the beginning. I think he was offensive Rookie of the year. His rookie season. Yeah, He was there. He was there about six years. No, He was there a couple years because remember he got that, that video surface and he ended up, they ended up releasing him and they, he went to C went to Cleveland, but they ran the ball pretty well. And, if you notice the chiefs are doing a lot, putting a lot of emphasis on running the football.


Another 25. What? 26 carries 101 yards. One touchdown longer of 13. Kareem Hunt 14 or 69. Seja P Ride was four, five or 14. But hey, they got it done. They got it done. But you, it Was ugly. They always do. It was ugly but they got it done And they've been winning games like this. Like I said, Patrick is not as sharp as we're used to seeing him. There's a lot of balls sailing on him. There's a lot of balls getting away from him that he would normally complete. Okay. Okay. Name the receiver name. The receivers. Oh, thank you. Uhuh. Uhuh, Uhuh Don't look Uhuh, Uhuh. That what I'm trying to say.


Well, you know, he got, we don't, don't do that. Kelsey had his best game of the season this year's. They drafted Worthy. Yes, but Worthy's gonna have to learn how to run the route. You right now he's just a feed guy. He, they got, what's the guy they got from Tampa? Watson? That's about it. Scott Moore mainly played special team. I'm not saying, I'm not saying I really know these guys because I really don't watch the pro game like I used to when I was employed by the NFL. But I don't think they, they have those, they don't have no OCHO out there. Man. That's going to cause double coverage. You gonna have to deal with them. Yeah. Like that's gonna be a problem. So you, you gonna tighten up on some things. But because they could take some things away and I'm pretty sure they doubled on passing down.


Debbie Fool is not too clearly they didn't do a good enough job of doubling the day because he had his best day. I think the thing you time that when we look at Patrick Mahome, you take away one of the best offensive weapons in the history and Tyreek Hill and he wins back to back Super Bowls, back to back Super Bowl MVPs and ir regular season MVP. So you know how that is. Once you get, you raise the bar. So this is what he's compared to. He's compared to what he's done in his first six seasons as a starter. That's the comparison. Not anybody else. I don't care how great somebody plays in the NFL, they don't get compared to Patrick Mahomes. Patrick Mahomes get compared to the previous three, four years of Patrick Mahomes, Andy Reed, let's, let's understand the connectivity, right.


Andy Reed is arguably the best. In the best. Yeah, for sure. Short fellas. The consistency over his tenure of not only being a head coach of Darren, I think it was the tight end coach of Green Bay. You remember he was the green. He was the green. Brilliant, brilliant, brilliant man. Everywhere he goes, he warns success. He's who he is. You know what the, the funny thing about it, when we talk about Patrick Holmes and his greatness and him being compared to how he was in previous years, the fact that Tyreek left is a testament to how good and how great Patrick Mahomes is. So even with the lack of having an ultimate player that can hit his head off the goalpost like Tyreek and still winning two Super Bowls after that, bringing Xavier worthy in this year.


And as bad as the Chief's look right now, even though they're winning, they look just like this last Year. That defense is outstanding though. They Look just like this last year. Oh, the defense. That Defense is outstanding. Okay. I I got, I got a good one for both of y'all. I'm glad you said that. I'm glad you said it. Ocho you talk about Tyreek Hill. That made me think about Miami in the tool situation because you know, I'm, I'm see I'm being a father now. I'm not a coach. Okay. Okay. So that's a situation looming in Miami right now. Right? That okay. Threw out for what, two, two more weeks after this? At least weeks. Yeah. About three more. He got the bi week two, so there about three more. He got the bi week two, let's say Three more weeks. So what would that record possibly look like in three weeks?


And if he warrants another concussion, that's, that's got to be all she wrote that we praying that don't happen. That's got to be even right now we're like, hmm. I don't know. Right. What would or should he do or what should the Miami Dolphins do? They paid a lot of money. 'cause they, they just resigned Tyreek for 30 million. They just gave Jay Waddle, they gave him 28 million, But they just, they just played two. It, the ink ain't even dry yet. I know, right? Yeah. Looking yet if he's looking at if he gets another concussion. No, no, you're not following me. What I'm saying is that if he sustains another concussion or he's done, period, what do you do?


That's what I'm saying. He said, do you have a fire sale? Do you says, look, we're not going to Yeah, no, yeah, no, no, no. You don't have no fire sale. What I'm saying, would you trade one of the guys? No, no. I'm looking at it. I told you, I started this off by saying I'm looking at his father not Coach. Oh, okay. You talking and he's, what do you do business wise if you the dolphins, do you go into the draft and take a quarterback? Which what I'm saying, or do you say to, let's, let's check this out. Let's see what we gonna do. Is his health more important than that? Hold on. I think and these contracts, they, he probably, he's probably insured on that contract for maybe not the full value, but probably 70, 75% for injury.


That would be an injury. So he would probably get a settlement. I would say o ocho time what? A hundred, 150 million. Well, the thing about, we don't know what the true value of these contracts. So you know how this stuff Is. I, this, this is a, this is a great, this is, this is great because also this is what this also leads to, let's say because of the tour injury and things don't work out and it leaves the open door and they make a business decision and go into the draft and boom, she door to the dolphins. Look at that. See how, see how God works. So you Just got, so you just got the revelations, huh? Hey, See how God works. That's why he brought it up. Brought up. Hey, you see how God worked?


He think he just thought of it. Huh? Don't tell him, don't tell him. Let think. He just thought of Hold, hold on Now. Stay. Stay with me now. Stay with God. God just, God just brought that to me. I listen, I I I saw what you were putting down. I just picked it up. That's all. That's, that's it. Thank you. There you go. That's where I'm at. Chad. Hey, he, he got his grading system with stars and cookies. Time. Come on, break. Stay with him a little while. You know it. Take him a while. Hey, you gonna leave? Listen, Run that five, that eight, that skinny? Yeah, that three. He, oh, he trying to beat out all day. He run, he only run the speed out.


He run run the smoke. Right. So he catch it and get head around Anything across the middle too. No, You ain't go the middle. No, he wasn't doing that. He running that bang. Eight. Anything, anything across the, he Keep skinny. He, he wasn't, he wasn't too, wasn't too keen on that slant. He wasn't too keen on that. Over. Now he'll run a slant on cover too because he know that safe. Oh yeah. Yeah. Listen, I listen anything in man to man, don't do me like that man. You know Don don't do me like That. It depends on who the man was though. Depend on who the man was. Hey, time I was o you and I was talking, do you see all these guys running these three step slant routes? Can you imagine if somebody ran a three step slant when you back in the nineties and you got single, Terry, you got offer, do you got all those hums?


Man, they'd put the helmet right here and you, they'd have never called another one. Hey, hey Prime. You know, you know, it's another issue I'm watching today. A lot of players, a lot of receivers, a lot of receivers are struggling with getting separation and just, just regular man to man. Just regular man. The art, the art of actually being able to run routes and actually getting open and creating separation is gone. They're, they're, I dunno, can't touch y'all. No. They're relying on the scheme and the officer coordinator to get they ass open. We can't, we can't touch y'all no more. So I don't even know how, I don't know how, because we can't touch it past five, pretty much. Four really? So I don't know how. And a lot of cats a motoring.


They ain't hard jamming no more. No. You know, when we stood up there, got the thing going, they, they motoring outta there. They getting up outta there. They open, they open it, they open the door, they open the gate. If you, if you, if you open the door, flies come to your house. I don't know why corners do that. That's right. Oh time. Can you ex explain to us in the, because you, hey, are you the greatest to do it? Why would you be I press coverage and open the gate. If you gonna, if you gonna open the gate, just stay off it because you scared and what's what you fear in life is always gonna happen. Yeah. Wow. You scared and he know you scared from, from the way you, you come up there. He know if you scared or not. He know if you, first of all, I don't know why a lot of guys may shade inside.


He wants you there or shade outside. He wants you there. Where he don't want you is head up. Well, you gotta hit that shoulder. That shoulder. He wants you shaded. I don't know why they even do that. You know the worst thing I hate belly. Yeah. Bail. I, I, you already disadvantage because I ain't never seen nobody make a play with their back to the sideline. How many plays have made in a football game with your back to the sideline? None. Lord, help me. And he wants that. Oh, if you wanna see somebody bail, you got the whole route tree, whatever you want. Patrick Mahomes has a record of 13 and 12 in games in which the chiefs have trailed by 10 points or more. The only quarterback with a winning record in such situations since 1950 with a minimum of 10 starts.


For context, Tom Brady is 36 and 61 in games in which he's trailed by 10 plus or more points. That's a lot of games. I mean, for, for mahome to be, to be above 500 when he's been behind by 10 or more points. And to be able to pull it off just as a testament to just how great he is now. Now if you imagine hold, I wonder what Brett is On that not only great, how great his decision making is when he is down by 10 Right. As well. Yeah, because most of the quarterback, your decision Making like a launcher. That's why I'm saying Brett. Brett is Aling. I wonder what Brett is on that list because I know he had some tremendous comebacks as well.


The Bucks beat the Eagles before we get into the game. Remember Buck Baker said a few weeks ago, they wanted me to come in here, be myself, bring the joy back to football where the guys weren't having much fun. Tom Brady said, I thought stressful was not having Super Bowl rings. This wasn't daycare. Mm. If I was going to have fun, I was going to Disneyland with my kids. True. Do you have a problem time with what either guy said? No, because I'm older though. I understand what Baker's trying to say and I don't understand what Thomas said. So it's a difference. I understand what he's trying to say. That's a, that's a conversation I have with my sons all the time, baby, I know what you tried to say, but you didn't get your, you didn't flush your whole thought out.


That's why I love you in this platform. You know why? Because when you was on CBS, you got 15 seconds. You had to get outta there. It was jump rope, it was like boxing jump rope. You done with that Finn for no 15 seconds Chad. Y'all know That? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You're right. Yeah. If You can't do that, but here you got long form. You get to exhaust your whole thought. No, I, I know what, I know what he's trying to say. I have no problem with either take. But I understand Tom, you understand like Tom, you know when you win and you win a lot and you win consistent, this is a stressful situation because the expectations, it ain't no, it ain't no weeks off because you expect to play at a print at a high level all the time.


And you played, Mike was in, in San Fran when you was there. You know how Mike kept the offense? He stayed, he and he became the head coach for us. He stayed on our next, he stayed there because the level of expectations we expect to go out there and win every single week. And he told, I'll never expect, I'll never accept anything in a win. I wouldn't have a loss. He says, I don't care about Whitney. That's not, we wanna win. But he made us believe and play at levels that we probably didn't think we can play at consistently. But oh, it wasn't no Kiki key and a whole lot of Kiki key coach. No, no.


He, he's one of the best I ever seen. I talked to him last year. He's like, coach Bryan, you know, if you want any of the cut ups for my meetings, I filmed everything. I filmed everything I filmed every during meeting we had. Indeed. If you want any of that stuff, I, I I, I'll give it to you. I'll come over there and teach you guys. I mean, this is Mike Shannon Chad. Lemme tell you something man. I've seen this dude diagram plays in a walkthrough and tell the offense this safety's gonna do this. The corner's gonna do this. We gonna do this and it's gonna be a touchdown. First touchdown. We scored in the Super Bowl against San Diego. I had seen him do that play at practice several times and he's, everything he said was gonna transpire it did. And his a touchdown to Jerry re he one of the greatest signal callers, callers I've ever seen in my life.


Back to the game Baker finished 30 or 47 season high, 347 yards, two touchdowns, zero interceptions. He also had a, a Russian touchdown. He kept the defenders on their heels spreading the ball ball around eight different receivers following the reek. Three dud Tampa mustered only seven points against a then Willis Bronco squad, the Bucks got back on track against the Eagles who read down and did a number on the New Orleans Saints. Let's, let's talk about the, the Eagles time. What's going on with the Eagles? Why haven't we seen that level of consistency? Everybody putting it on Jalen, everybody putting it on Jalen hurts. Y'all know it. Quit playing. Y'all know what's going on. Everybody putting it on Jalen hurts. It's not a one man game.


It's hard. You don't give all the credit when they win, it's hard. You missing, you gonna get a lot credit when they lose. You. Miss CK Brown, you misses Devonte Smith. Exactly. But you mean he missing a lot. That's right. But they, they putting it on his back. You know, when you get a bag, they gonna put it on your back. It is. What? It's yeah, baker, that's what Baker seemed to have found a home in Tampa. This is the best. Baker has looked since he had that season in which they went to the playoffs. They beat Pittsburgh in what? In the, the wild card game. If, I think it was the wild card game. I think they beat Pittsburgh. They had that home game Baker played. Unbelievable. Whatever happened, he fell out of favor in Cleveland. He went to Carolina.


We know the situation in Carolina is very chaotic. The organiz organizationally is not very good, man. What's going on in Carolina? Man? Hell tell me. So we both know can put, can we put, I need to know like what's really going on in Carolina. You might find out they look, look, they look it looked good last week. You to find out. See what I'm saying? You playing, you, you playing. What he saying? He play, he wanna play what he wanna play talking about. You might find out I did. What's going on to Caroline. Hey, what I'm saying is I hate it for the kid because you can't just take his confidence and throw it against the wall and you gave him nothing.


Yeah. You talking about Brian Young, nothing, no support. Yeah, no thank you, no support, no, no, no help, no, no girth of talent around him to build something. He, he pretty much was. Now, I'm not gonna say own his own, but that's tough, man. When you come from a program like Alabama and everybody you got is a five star and they better than opposing team. Like, and you used to a certain tempo, a certain pace, a certain thought process going into the game. Now you start slowly to lose that confidence, man. And that's tough. Yeah, that is tough, man. Listen, I like, I I told you Prime when he was up there, you know, now that's one thing.


You are a God-fearing man, Unc, you are a God-fearing man as well. But when you get on the podium and they ask you, this is how I knew his confidence was going, it was shot. And they ask you, do you still have confidence? And his answer was, my confidence is in the Lord. That's not the time for the, that's not the time for that kind of answer. You can't, you can't say that. Na you can't hear name ain't time for the Lord. You can't say it aint time for, you know what I'm trying know what you saying. You know what I'm, you said as a football player? Yeah. As a football player. Yeah. Right, right now, yeah. I I know you got a relationship with the Lord, but I need to hear you as a man. Tell me you got this. That's what, that's what I'm talking about. That's what I'm talking, I ain't want the church folks to getting your DM because you mean church Tam, I, the on me.


I got there you go. There you go. Where you, when you're that guy, we want to hear you say, I'm as confident as I've ever been. I've lost no confidence. There we go. I believe in me. Thank you. My teammates believe in me. We're going through a rough patch. We gonna turn it around. Now they might, you might not believe. You gotta believe that. Sincerely though, because yeah, you might fool. Like I said, I tell the, I used to tell the reporters all the time, I see a lot of people in this locker room got y'all fool. Y'all think that y'all, y'all think y'all, they this and they that. Y'all have no idea. But when you round these guys nine hours a day, five, six days a week, you can't fool none of your teammates because they see you all the time. Do you, do you agree with this? Y'all tell me y'all agree with this.


In our era, the guys that had the crispy clean images were the worst, were some of the worst cats ever. Yeah, that's me. Then the ones that y'all thought was the bad boys absolutely was the best dude ever. Yeah. That let the whole team adored indeed. Y agree with that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's me, that, that's me. That's me. Yeah. And, we used to just sit back and say, Lord have mercy. When you find out you gonna get hurt. That's what I, you took word. I say if y'all only knew, but that ain't my place to tell you. You'll find out sooner or later And if you don't Oh, well. But that ain't my place to tell you. Oh, well that ain't my place to, I'm not gonna sell him out.


God bless you. The Volume,


The Hollywood Reporter is the definitive source of entertainment news where we tell the entertainment stories insiders need to know and deliver Hollywood culture to those who crave it. Stay in the know of all the entertainment, news and updates you ever need with a Hollywood reporter. Go to thr.com for round the clock, breaking news, film and TV reviews, original video content, and continuous coverage of business, lifestyle, and entertainment stories. Visit thr.com and follow us on all social platforms at Hollywood Reporter for your daily dose of entertainment news.


Paramount Plus is your home for the UA four Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Hi, it's Colin. I just discovered J Lab headphones and I am totally hooked. J Lab imagines and delivers personal tech headphones, earbuds and office accessories that consumers want. Try the J Buds lux over ear headphones for noise canceling travel. Discover your perfect pair of headphones, look for the J Lab, blue Box at Target, Walmart, best Buy and more, or visit jlab.com


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway. Know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando. Just think about it. The thrills at their 15 world class theme parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at visit orlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway the way.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more, check out bs.com.