
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


I'm Camilla Ramon at Amli Ortiz and our podcast Banjo is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all the arriva. This season we sit down with history makers like the Skar family who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen to Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports, The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams. To dish the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draft King Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sports book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction. Void in Ontario won no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it's time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


OCHO 464 pound D tackle Desmond Watson could be the largest draft pick in NFL history. His weight comes with a massive six foot, six inch frame. Watson had his pro day workout, he benched 2 25 36 times. That's more than any player muster that this year's combine. And he ran the 40 in under six seconds. A 5 9 3. And he had a 25 inch vertical. Aren Gibson. No Aren Gibson only weigh 4 0 5 from Wisconsin. Hold on. Hold on, Detroit. Hey, can, can you do me a favor real quick? Huh? Yes for me because I, I can see I can't visually see him, so I'm listening to the numbers you're giving me.


Is he bigger than Sam Adams? Yeah. Is he, is he bigger than, is he bigger than what Sam Adams was or bigger than Gilbert Brown? Yeah. Hell yeah. He outweighed him damn near about a hundred. What he 4 64 ocho. Well what you think Brown? What? What you think Gilbert Brown was like? 365? Three seven is the top. Well can Kenny, he Kenny, he move, he ran 5 9 3. I mean move in the position that he actually plays. He, Hey, think about it. He'll dackle. He ain't going for a gap to B gap. Oh, he claw, he clogging up space. That's it. Okay. Hey, hey. Somebody in the a c East needed to drive.


I mean the NFC East stopped the, the the Pato push. Yeah. Over, over the center. Yeah. Say look here, you got the guard. You got the guard in the, in the center. Well listen, we back, listen Cincinnati, Cincinnati, we need help on defense and obviously we can start at the defensive. We could start right there on that defensive line. Yep. Bring him on down there. Clog that, clog that thing up. If I'm not mistaken, I think at one point in time he was almost 500 pounds. Wasn't he, did he lose, did he lose like 40, 50 pounds? Actually Desmond Watson, I think, I think I heard him talking about it that he was like almost 500, like really close to 500 at one point in time.


Oh. They go, hey listen, depending on where you go, they gonna get that weight up off of him. They gonna get some of that up off of him. Hey, at some point a ocho I mean you might get him down. You ain't getting him under 400. Yeah, I mean listen, get get him a little lower And you put him on that Zippy. Yeah. Get him a little, you put him on that Zippy. That's the only way he gonna get a money. Hey Ozempic, semaglutide Tirzepatide. That's our aid. That aid and at 4 64 aid now I see the aid.


He can't, he can't play the league if he tried this diet because I've seen somebody over 400 pounds and they got tried this diet and they was under 200 crack and an homeboy. Hey he about four 10. That pipe had it drawn up. He was under 200 by 1 75. Hey man, you shut out man. I lying be, I be honest with you Joe. Oh. But I hope, I hope old boy. I hope old boy get an opportunity to play. I think somebody go, I think somebody gonna give him an opportunity. Yeah, yeah. Listen but hey man, we don't, we cut the name on everything. Hey man, he on that Zip it.


Hey I, I just listen, I love, I love the number, I hear the numbers. It sounds, it sounds, You know, staggering. It sounds intimidating but I need to see what you look like when you turn the film on. Are you di are you disruptive? Yeah. You know TJ ain't no better than I am that working that technology. Hell dude. Hey you talk. What'd you say? Can you hear us? Yeah. Yeah I can hear You'all. You can hear us now. Don't pretend like you can hear us all along. Hell nah, I couldn't. I ain't know what the hell saying up. What's that? Hey look att look. I'm wo hey I see you got your little ass back in that weight room. You need to get on start playing boy.


What's been up bro? You gotta get on that Shannon Shark plan. Nah, shit, we little motherfucking m I'm on the Shannon Shark plan. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Slide your boy. What? Hey I got, I got you. Hey listen, listen, you put it under the tongue, boy does want you hear me. Hey slide your, you I got you. Got you. I got you. How did I, how did I get involved in this? How did I get involved with this? Hey, hey TJ, lemme ask you this. When you first met Whoosh, I mean who, when you first met Ocho what was your impression of this dude? Man, so we, we met in college.


Chad was just, he was just real chill. Real, real chill. Chad don't really talk no shit till it's like the competition start. Other than that Chad chilling. And then when the competition start, that's when all the shit. So, You know, I thought Chad was hella quiet and then we went to practice. I said oh shit, who was this? It was just a different guy. Wonderful man. Straight up. Who was this fool? Exactly. Oh, them some good days man. Him some good days. Oh them some good days. TJ And I been knowing Chad since we was teenagers basically. Yeah. That's crazy. How many, how many years has been, listen my man, I'm not Now you 40, you 46.


If you a teenager be 28. Damn Chad. That's damn near 30 years bro. Yes. Golly boy. Hey You know what's crazy though Chad. I was just telling somebody this. No, we still look the same boy. God don't, Hey, hey You know, You know You know what they say? The black of the juice is sweeter berry. But like that God. God said that's my son. He hit us with that. Yeah he did. He did. Everybody. TJ will he bless you to keep your hair? He didn't bless OCHO with that. Oh wait, hey TJ, can you tell Unc I can grow a full set of hair now Chad, he always had a bald head. He ain't never had no he'll grow some hair. Hair and there.


See he sporadic is sporadic. I know I do. As matter of fact, TJ O your hair is kind of like my sex life. Sporadic. Sporadic. Nah, hey nah, nah, don't, don't, don't do that. You know that ain't true. I ain't got no Spark Ocho to cut me out of my deal. I can't, I can't get no sparks because he order them all. Hey I got, hey I got, I got about three boxes. Full logic. Boy you, you always in la you come to LA you, Hey matter of fact I'm gonna be in la I'm gonna be in LA on the 30th. But you gotta understand these are prescribed specifically for me based on the questions I had to ask before I order them.


So they're prescribed to you now. I'm not sure if you would be able to use mine 'cause mine is like, it's like putting 93 in your car. You hear me? Yeah. He got the hot test gas. Yeah. Listen. Hey. Huh? I know Chad. I know Chad. I know. Yeah, yeah. Hey come on. You know I, y'all got my head hurting already. Hey cj you think the Bengals resign? They resign. T we knew they were gonna resign Chase. That was a no brainer. You're talking about one of the top, the top three receivers in the league And I'm not sure he's two or three. You make the case. It's easy to say he or Jetta based on the last three years they're one, one A one.


Whatever the case you want to go. Are you surprised that the Bengals were able to get a deal done with with with t? No, not at all. When who else earned it? Them two dudes earned it. When you go outside of trade Hendrickson, nobody else on the team has earned that money. We knew they was gonna pay Jamar. They they always going to pay they best receiver in the quarterback. They always going to do that. What shocked me t when he fired David Moetta, he, he basically told the Bengals I wanna stay in Cincinnati. Right. Well I fired my agent because I wanna stay here. Right. Y'all gotta make that happen. He took a pay cut to stand.


Absolutely. He he really did. And so no it didn't, it didn't surprise me but shit, who else earned it? Nobody else on that team earned it outside of Trey Hendricks. And so you gotta pay somebody. The Eagles paying everybody. Yeah. Yeah. The big T This what you gotta think about when you think about the Eagles and l with Lu and, and Young Bulls over there doing Roseman. Yeah. Yeah. Brother, brother Roseman, they paying everybody a little bit early. They can't, they catching 'em early but they not, they not paying top dollar Axe for the players that they Pacific position. But the Bengals, we waiting on the back end. We waiting on the back end and forcing, forcing the players to better themselves so they could had they coulda had Jamar what, 35, 36?


Yep. They coulda had two years ago. Right. Two years ago. And they know this is the truth 'cause I told them they coulda had t Higgins five years, a hundred million. They said that was too much. Right. And I, I know this because I told 'em this right. And but the Eagles, they they paying aj, AJ Brown got paid at the top. Right. Devonte, Nick didn't get paid at the top. Jalen Herz got paid at. Right. What organization, You know, sign a dude to a deal, he ball out and they said, You know what man you outplayed your deal. We gonna give you another deal after one year the way they just did. Sequan partner, Hey put Mill look, I'm praying if I'm a rookie coming out that I get draft absolutely way they Right, right, right, right, right Ben.


But then also you gotta understand how special Saquon Barkley is. This, this is just not your average running back or average even, especially in New York. And they wouldn't pay him. Chad, you Chad, You know, being special when you under that contract, they ain't, You know, money. I mean but also why? Look, you gotta understand the importance and value that he brought to that team in general. Some of the pressures that he took off Jalen Hurst throughout that season, Woody was able to do for them offensively actually getting him over the hump and get and and getting to that Super Bowl run. So I understand Es especially everything he's been through the storyline in general. That's one of the greatest stories right now. Giants we gonna tag you because we don't really, we don't really value the position anymore going dumb.


They should have got a Super Bowl. The Giants should have got a Super Bowl ring for how dumb they are letting Sequan go. They, they should have been giving a Super Bowl ring. Yeah. They dumb. Hey, so listen, knowing, knowing the Bengals and understanding what we need the way we looked last year, how we finish understanding what we, what we need to do offensively. Obviously we need to start fast, but on the defensive side of the ball, what do you think we need to do? Come draft. What do we need most? We gotta be able to stop the run. I, I believe Jenkins is to be his second year. If he anything like his daddy, he gonna be better. Yeah. So your pops was a hell of a defensive tackle. He's going be better just, just as bloodlines in a year of experience.


We just gonna have to draft well on defense man. Yeah, we gotta be able to draft well like we draft Miles Murphy outta Clemson in the first round. He gotta start playing like that. Now this going into his third year. He ain't playing like a first round drafter. He gotta play like that. We need Cam Taylor Britt to play how he played in 2023. Yeah, J Turner was playing well then he got hurt and so they can do it. It's just, they cannot miss, we can't miss with draft picks on the defense side of the ball. When you gonna pay the offense, you gotta draft and develop on a defensive side of the ball. That's gonna be the key. We gotta make sure we get three starters outta this draft on defense. Right. You know, wait, wait. Three starters. That can come in and start right now.


Right now. Woo. Right. Your first round pick your second round pick and somebody else that, that just surprised Jim from, what do you see from the Eagles? What did they get? Jordan, Davis, Jalen, Carter brother Mikel, Deon. You see what they did? Blanking shit. Yeah. All those, you see all those, the Toby, Dean, NOLA Smith, Jr. All on business, all on these 'cause we are paying all the money. 55, 50 plus million for Herdz. We got 33, 34, 30 3 million tied up in aj. We got 28 million tied up in, in, in, in and Devonte. And we paid our entire offensive line.


Lane Johnson, Dickerson, ma Lauder. So we got heading out park on the defensive side. O Joe because we can't pay top dollar. Right. That's why they let those guys leave. Think about the guys that left went to New England, right? One guy went to Arizona because we can't pay 'em now. Jalen Carter who Oh yeah, he going he even hit 40. He about to get 41, 40 2 million. Yeah, go ahead and give it to him now before you have to pay it. 50 million. Yeah. Hey a att think think about how bad our defense was. Right? And obviously they paid t they paid, they paid Burl, we paid Chase. What do you think about Trey Hendrickson?


Do, do we pay Trey Henderson market value or is he gonna give him a home team discount? Nope, he not. We pay a market value. Chad. But what, what's market value? What's, what's market value? I mean, he got 33 what? 36 stack in the, in the past two seasons. He got 35, 17 and a half the last two years. 35 sacks. This, this is what I'll say. I'm a pain but I'm not making him one of the highest paid defensive players. I'm not doing it Well how, how you not gonna do that? Be number one?


Number one. This is where you c we call this hustling backwards. I ain't old now. I'm trying to get money. I'm not gonna hold out and lose money. You do that. We hustling backwards now. Right? He, he not gonna hold out. So I'm a doing wasa. I'm getting, he's supposed to make $17 million I believe this year. If the Bengals would be fair, they'd bump him up to 28 to 30. The 30 30 would be the max that I would give him if I was the Bengals. We gotta understand he a hell of a player. He had five sacks against the Raiders, five sacks against the Raiders and, and so he showed up big time the last game against three with him being 31.


You can't give this man a four year extension at 35 plus a year. I'm give him 28 to 30 million I believe the Bengals of been. How much are you gonna give him? Guaranteed. How much are you gonna give him? Fully guaranteed. Because that's what I'm looking at. Damn them big ass numbers. If they just paper. See now Shannon, you talk now, now, now n talking like that age right there like hey I, I say, I say about I'm gonna gimme 45 guaranteed 45 minutes. He gonna take, I don't know if he gonna take that tj. Yeah, he ain't taking that to No, no, no. This is the thing though. 'cause if you look at t Higgins contract, if I'm guaranteed 30 in the first year, just say just say 35 in the first year.


Right? 35 in the first year. If you Trey Hendrickson and then I give you a $10 million roster bonus in the off season, I'm not releasing you, your base salary for that second season is pretty much guaranteed. It's just not part of the fully guaranteed part of the contract. So now your base salary is somewhere along 15 million, that's $60 million in two years. You go man and it ain't fully guaranteed but 15 of it is, as long as you got that $10 million roster bonus, they not gonna give you 10 million in offseason and release. Hey they say y'all, did y'all see what they did to Aren Rogers? Did y'all see what they did? Did y'all see what they did to Russell Wilson? They will release you even if you got, even if you got 30 plus, Russell had 36 million guaranteed.


They say nah, we good. You what Russell Wilson did to himself when he was playing. I think TJ for me, I think he might be content if you fully guarantee the first two years at about $60 million because you said that $30 million level, you're not trying to put him at, you're not trying to put him at 34 million. You're not trying to put him at Miles Garrett. Which is, which is 40 million. So I think two years at 60 million the last three years are gonna be vulnerable. But he's gonna probably, he's gonna want something a a big number to make a big splash. Right? I'm you're gonna probably have to give him 60 million fully guaranteed. Mm. Hey, this, this the year man.


We, we gotta do something. We, we we gotta do something. We gotta plan a pre-season. 'cause the last few years when exactly we start off And we start off slow every regular season that Patriots game killed us, bro. The first game of the season last year was, is is Chase gonna play? Is he going, oh shit, he going to play, he acted And we moves to the Patriots and that now is a game that would've got y'all in the playoffs. But You know what, And we talking about Trey Hendrickson, but we saw Pratt, your outstanding linebacker that led him in tackles. Now you lost Hubbard who retired. Hendrickson is upset because his contract PRT says, y'all ain't got no money for me 'cause y'all just paid bro. Y'all played t y'all paid Chase. Y'all ain't got no money for me and y'all need to pay Hendrickson.


Y'all need to let me go. You can't keep losing any good defensive players tj and expect you to think you going to win. You can't Shannon, but I I hate doing this man. I hate doing this. What, what, You know, we was players man. We was players. But if you played on that defense And you not Trey Hendrickson what you want, what you want, what did you do during the season that says you deserve more money? I want more than 7 million. Then you should have played like you once more than 7 million. Yo damn damn t hey, but see you talking about me Joe. Look at tj. Hey tj, cut them up. I'm I'm saying outside of Trey Hendrickson, hold on.


That defense could literally say I deserve a pep raise. Trey Hendrickson was the only one that showed up each and every game when he was needed. Now Jermaine PRT had some games, but he done had some plays where ah, we needed that play. Ah, we needed that play. Meaning if you a star line, if you start in any position in the league, we all know this And you get enough opportunity, you gonna make enough plays. But what about the plays you don't make when I look, go ahead. Go ahead. Now I I would get ready to say, obviously you, you And I have been playing together since college And I obviously I I I view, I view, and I've always said it before, I think I think Chase is probably to me the greatest banger receiver to, You know, to ever don those stroke.


Probably you think I I chance Wait, wait, lemme finish. Lemme finish. No, no, no, no, no. Because that's not true. That's not true either. Courtesy downtown Freddie Brown. No, that, that man right there with them locs on is. Huh? I've, I've never, I've never won a triple crown though. Listen, listen, because you had me listen though and Chad know this Shannon, he know what I'm about to say, man. Chad's supposed to be in the hall of Fame man, they fucking this boy over. Oh, I put on my own jacket though. No, no, no, no, no, no. Chad. Chad you joking. You know I'm serious about this. 'cause I tell you this all the time. Chad is the greatest receiver in Bengal's history.


Now Jamar Chase is on his way to trying to equal or pass Chad. But where we sit right now, man, Chad is here. Wow. It's Chad. It's Chad Is AJ Green, is Isaac Curtis that that's what it is to me. Now Jamar Chase is on his way to getting there. But come on Chad, you can't do it to your, I I, You know how I tell you this all the time, Shannon, you in the hall of Fame, let me give you my hall of Fame criteria because for some odd reason I think my criteria is the best. And nobody listens to it for a period of five years where you a top five player at your position, if you gotta think about it, you not a hall of Fame.


I agree. So Now you go to 2002, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. That's seven years. Seven of those years. Chad was top three in the league for five of them. He led the a FC five years in a row. How this man can't even be a finalist like that. That makes no sense. He was leading the a FC in a year. He didn't lead it. I did, I did. So you tell me how he ain't in the hall. How he, not even a finalist, but you got dudes that wasn't even top five. They position they getting in. I was, I was a villain.


The villain. They never let a villain in. No, they never, they listen. But I understood that. Why do you think I doned the jacket in the first place? Because I understood the politics that came behind it. I don't like the, I don't like the business side of football. Oh, remember we talked about that the other day? Yeah. I talked about contracts, the reason why I played the game like a little kid having fun and entertaining ob Now the the flip side of things. Okay, I know how y'all gonna play me. I choose, I chose not to conform. I'm playing the game the way I felt it should be played. So regardless to what my numbers would be, see I understand what you're saying And I told you this before. You earned it. You earned it. You earned it. Yeah, but you weren't. But you gotta, you gotta play by their rules. If you don't play by their rules, they not letting you in there.


You know how I feel about it. You know, I can give two, You know what, hey, play by their rules now. All the stuff that you was doing, they you can do Now. You don't even get fined for it. They owe you back. Yeah. But, but, but owe Exactly. Lemme give my money back. Yeah, but here's the thing though. Ocho, you had no off field issues. Now what happened was, the thing that's going against you And you still don't have this, is that they wanted to keep to out so bad they changed it. They said anything that you did on the sidelines or in the locker room Yeah. Could be used against you. Where before they said even our field activities Yeah. Couldn't be held against the player. That's how bad they wanted to keep to from being in the first ballot on the paper. Yeah.


That was criminal. That And then they had the nerve, then they had the nerve. Not the lady him in the first year. The second year. No, the, the first year. And And I, And I think t even though t and y'all know how I feel about T to, I said he's the second greatest receiver to me. Yeah. Some people push back and say it's Randy. But we know, I think, I think you And I, I think TJ And I are more aligned. I think Jerry's the greatest receiver and it ain't close. That's my pressure. Now tj you might have, you might say Randy, you might say Tio, but for me, I think those three are the top three receivers. As we sit here and discuss it today. Now Chase and Jetta and somebody down the line might have something to say about, but I sure hope I'm alive when I can see the receiver that say, Hey, he right there with Jerry.


I wanna be alive to see that receiver. That ain't gonna never happen. Yeah. Then Jerry Rice was getting a thousand yards in year 20, bro. 40 years old got 1200 yards. Yeah. That, that, that's, that's never going to happen. We, I, we'll never see somebody do what Jerry Rice has done. But Jamar, chase, Justin Jefferson, they on their way, but they gotta make sure that they don't hit any bumps in the road. 'cause Odell Beckham was on his way as well and he hit those bumps in a road that he could never recover from that. Right. And, and so I I just feel like Chad is the best bingo receiver in the history of the A team.


He knows that. I know that now Chase is on his way. I just, I tell Chad this all the time 'cause he never gonna say nothing about it, man. It's just a crime that he can't be a Hall of Fame finalist when his game on the field. He earned that shit, bro. And, and that's one thing about Chad, like when you talk about work hard, man, well this dude, this dude is gonna run himself to death. Like Shannon. We, Shannon, we was in year nine And we was taking all the scout team reps. Like we were still every, every time, every practice take Thursday, Friday, we did all the offensive reps, all the scout team reps.


I left the Bengals and went to other teams. Them dudes is like, bro, why the scout team happen? I I just always had done it. And so people don't realize, like Chad wore car, we similar paths. We both went Juco, we both had like, ain't no way they making it to the league. Oh shit. They made it and to be successful. I mean that right there within itself, pat yourself on the back. But yeah, Chaz should be in the hall of Fame, man, any chance I get, I'm gonna say that because I know, I know who the best receivers were and I'm not gonna put nobody down. But some of these dudes, they not better than him and them dudes even know they not better than him.


Last season you stepped up to help out rookie Jermaine Burton. We saw the struggles. A lot of it played out publicly. Ocho say he's going to, he's gonna try to intervene. This year we got two great bal receivers that's trying to help the younger generation. Like bro, there's a lot, there's a professional aspect of it, which is what you do. You are an NFL, that means you're a professional and then there's a pro PRO, which is the way you go about handling your business. Yeah. We need to get you to become a pro, You know, with Jermaine, like I, I was talking to him a lot during the, prior to the season starting. 'cause You know, he was having problems prior to the season. Right.


And Ingles knew that I was close with him. So they, they was reaching out to me before anything ever became public. Certain games, he wasn't even gonna be active then. They was, they were letting me know the night before. And so I'm giving Maine a call like bru, what's going on? Well how you doing? I'm gonna just see if he going to tell me what's going on before I gotta ask him what's going on. And you got all the talent in the world. But at some point I can't want you to be what you don't want be. Okay. What I tell my kids, I can't want him more than you want yourself. He gonna have to figure that out.


And I just, I just talked to him today. I just talked to him today and to me it, it ain't about anything physical on the field. He gotta make sure mentally and off the field he ready to go. Yeah. Because the league gonna move on. He got one more strike. The, they gonna move on without him. It don't matter who you are, man. This NFL this thing gonna keep rolling with you or without you, you gonna hop on the train and roll with us or you gonna get your ass rolled over and get left behind. Yes. Cool. I I hope he figured out man. 'cause he's so talented. He comes from a background where he can really change his family's fortune. And I'm gonna do all I can Chad know me, I'm gonna talk.


Yeah. So I'm gonna help, I'm gonna help him as much as I can, but ultimately I can't want him more than you want him. Yeah, man, listen, I I don't, I don't, I don't know brother Burton like, like that. Obviously when I, when I go to the stadium, when I do have my, my my times and chances where I'm at the field, You know, I don't, I don't, I don't wanna do that. Be that father figure. I don't wanna be that guy. 'cause when, when I was playing and people come in, I wasn't trying to hear that stuff from them. So I just talk strictly football. Yeah. I I just talk strictly. So when, when you out here, when you out here, you gonna pull up to the training? That's that's what you gonna do. You gonna pull up, I'm gonna bring my police too. I don't know if you Hey, I, I can't tell the tj tell him to let it go tj.


Hey what? Hey, hey man. It's just different Chad. Hey, hey. Right now, like I, I, I lightweight hurt myself thinking I could tj Hey man, hey, your mind say I got this. As soon as you get on that field, boy your body be like, boy you better sit your ass right on down. I mean, I mean, hey, there's a reason why we hung the police up on tj. Hey, we, we can we look the part but I don't know if we are the part, it's that it's that lateral. And I keep trying to tell Ocho Yes Ocho could you run straight ahead? Yes, but that da that ta it ain't no it see Chad might be the only, I'll give you that Chad lateral movement was that is out of this world.


That that's one thing. Chad was so quick. Even if he lose quickness, he about what everybody else is now see? Oh, I told you. But here at the thing tj, even though he might be what? Because his quickness is because he's so light. See, you And I like to play through contact light wanted stuff. We, we wanted somebody, I mean TJ so we can snatch a pool or rip through that. Yeah, him at 180 5 hit lateral quickest right there baby. Hold on. Shove his ass up under the bitch. Hold, hold on, hold on. Hey Shannon, you probably giving Chad about five pounds. Chad probably about one eight. No, I'm five. Chad you are down.


Whatcha talking about, Hey Chad, Chad got a, you got, you got a big bicep, you got a big chest, you got big calves. That ain't got no leg. All your weight is the weight is for waist down. That's what a that's what a that's what a weight is. Don. Joe, You know what promise say promise say prom promise say the horses ain't got no big legs either. You see? Exactly. Yeah. Fair bread. Fair bread. You look at at look how skinny that ankle bar Now Clydesdale got no big ass legs. That ain't moving nothing. They pulling his stuff. Plow horse and a racers. Yeah. Hey tj, who you got? Because we know we got this fight coming up this year.


Ocho versus James Harrison and yeah. Hey. Yeah, listen man, Chad my dog bro. Hey T att don't say nothing wrong. Don't say nothing wrong because you, what kind of fight is a MA is it just box? MA? Nah, Chad don't do the MMA bro. I love you dog tag. You on Chad. Not on my side. Chad. Listen to what I saying. Hold on. I what? Are you on my side and not I need to dig your eyes bro. Take the looks off Chad boxing. I got you MA man. That mother James, he ran you and me at the same time.


Boy, You know strong James. He, I didn't care nothing about strength. Boy. You know how strong. Hold on. Hey, if he could wrestle you dude. Dude, if he can grab you, you, he's not gonna be able to grab me. T he's not gonna be able to grab me. T I'm finna play with him. T listen to me. I'm finna toy with him. I'm Finn to toy with him in the octagon. Listen, I'm gonna hit him at wheel when I want to t I'm finna be jab and jab. Get your hand jab. Hey, I gotta bounce around. I'm gonna move around T Hey watch out. Yo. Hey Chad, watch out. Hey listen, I'm gonna tell you, let me listen to nigga I got anything that let me tell you, let me tell you. You got, you need to have faith in the muscle seed. I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna choke him out with a guillotine and I'm gonna run straight to you and jump in your arms.


Hey man, this, this is, this is the old, this is the old Pride fight. No weight class. Yeah. This pride fight back in the day, back in the day, back in the sixties. Now the boxing thing. You because he got all that muscle, he gonna be tired. Which is he gonna be in Octagon T because he gonna shoot people. I'll take you down. He can't shoot you. You, you, you can't shoot. I'm finna, I'm finna keep my, I'm gonna keep a distance. You gotta get close enough to throw a, gonna throw a punch. How you gonna throw a punch? Ojo easy. I what you mean? I'm a Gazelle punching. Hey, hey man, I just hope James Harrison, man.


James, if you watching have Mercy on my plate. Hey James. If you watching, I'm Apu. You got a punchable face. See TJ, what you done started tell you, hey, well hey. What, what, what, what month is the fight? Whatever month you want it to be. I was hoping somewhere around August or September. I thought we was doing the Super Bowl. You wanted. Oh, so you wanted to be a Super Bowl in San Francisco next year? Yeah. So, so, so all the former current players could be there to see him get his ass whooped. Well what about our show? We could do it tonight. He said you ain't gonna be able to, you ain't gonna be able to show. Yeah, that's what he's saying. That that that'd be perfect too. We had a fight before the show. Not the same day. I'm saying like a few days before.


Oh Lord have mercy. You gotta remember Super Bowl is seven days. Seven day a seven day event. Seven day week. I know. So we, we can, we can schedule it. I bet. I bet, I bet he, I bet you ain't heard from him. 'cause I told him to decided send the contract. So we have, so we have a fight that Friday night. We'll do our show that Thursday night. Bingo. Yeah, man, they just pay him off back in the forties and fifties. Man. Just pay him off. Pam, take it. D Hey Pam, take a dime like Harlem night. Hey Pam, to take a dive man. Hey listen, I'm I'm not doing it. I got too much TI got, I gotta stay, I gotta listen, I gotta show the, I gotta show the world. We gotta learn to stand up the bullies.


We gotta learn to stand the people that's bigger than us and stop, stop, stop looking at people that have size and strength and allowing that to intimidate us. Oh You know, I ain't so remember, remember the story. Remember the story of David and Goliath. Right. Same thing. That's what it's gonna be. You it's gonna play it, it's gonna play out in real life. That's all I gotta say. You, You know I'm with you. I just, I I'm gonna advise you. Make sure just HandsOn, just, Hey, hey TI got, I got, I got the quickest feet in the world. Do You know he, they used to call me Lou Kane back in high school. Remember Mortal Kombat, Luke Kane? That man that get his, that man get his hands on you O Joe.


Hey Unc, that's the same thing he used to say on Sundays, if they get their hands on me and only one person was able to do it. Yes. You just got, You know you was, see when Viss did that, you was one foot in, one foot out. You wasn't all the way in. You wasn't all the way in. Oh, well I sure hope he all the way in when he fight James. Oh, I definitely, oh, he'll be, oh. He'll be all, he'll be all both feet out. Hey, I been working on my wrestling techniques too. Oh Lord. See, see what you said tj. This man talking about he gonna wrestle. No, I'm talking about in the, in the third round. He gonna be tired. Better go. It ain't gonna get to the third round. You better go get with one of them Gracie's and get on some juujitsu.


Yeah. So that when he, when he grabs. Wait a minute, hold on. I'm a black belt tj. What you talking about? Nah, that's Hermes. That ain't no, that ain't no jitsu belt. Hey, you better go get with one of them Gracie. Somebody teach you some jitsu when he grab you, you got him. That's your best pack. I'm ready. Hey John Jones to teach you, you go to New me, Albuquerque, New Mexico. That's what John, that's where he trained out of go to Mexico for like a, a a month. Yeah, I, I'm, I'm, I'm ready man. Y'all the fact that y'all don't believe me, that, that kind of hurt man. Chad, that man, hey wrestling, that's all the big dudes do. Hey, that's all they gonna do.


Hey, wrestling, fighting. I don't, it don't matter whether anything combat sports, he's going to be tired in 20 seconds. 'cause the first thing he gonna do is, ah, done gassed. Okay. Hey, it don't take much energy to grasp somebody that can't get away. You do realize that man played the NFL. So he did, he rushed the quarterback. But You know, when they was going on, on no huddle, he was still rushing the quarterback. Okay. I'm just this lady. Alright. I just let You know, I, I, I tell you what I done done enough talking tonight. I can show you better than I can tell you. Okay? Alright, tj man, thanks for joining us, man. We gotta get you to come back on, on the re bro. Man, y'all gotta holler at your boy. Hey Boo Mobile man, let me get that chirp man.


I see they both got the boost marble in the background. Appreciate that. All the man. Take care man. Thanks for joining us tonight, yo. For sure. DJ Jdo, former bingo Gray OCHO teammate in college and in the NFL according to the, according to full rules report sent to the NFL teams this week, this is now 15 yard penalty. What is being, is being considered a violent gesture. So every time, You know, I didn't CD all the guys like to, oh, we, You know what, I'm not, I'm not even gonna upset myself.


I'm not even gonna upset myself because I'm whatever the competition committee or whoever's responsible for this and making the rules still be all about control taken away off the N-F-L-N-F-N-F-L stands for no fun league. And they continue to strike and continue to find ways to take fun away from the game and allow players not to be them individual selves, but, You know, attendance was down. Right? If I'm not mistaken. But y'all go ahead and do it your way. Hey Ocho, they gimme $60 million. I go out there in a tuxedo. I mean, ojo. I mean, you think about that, that money ojo, you made good money.


O Joe, those joke was making six, seven times what you made. Oh yeah. And you think about what you made and not six, six exit. Yeah. Okay. Hey, Ojo, I'm gonna have everything. I'm gonna have everything on Nice. And be able to took the shirt in. Yeah. Pull them socks up. Nice. And I don't want no problems. I don't want no problems with NFL. I tell you one thing, if I was playing in today's era, all the stuff I was doing back then, I'd still be doing it in Now. You still do it? Oh man. Plus some. I ain't gonna get no penalty. I, I ain't gonna do nothing. I ain't do nothing to get my team a penalty. But, You know, I never got my team no penalty. I I, I never, I'm talk, I'm gonna talk some, I'm gonna talk ish now.


Oh yeah, that's did. Now you can't say the N word ocho. Yeah. I, I I know. Can you imagine if we was playing during the social media era how many times we done said the N word on that field? Oh yeah. You heard, you heard me. Can you imagine if we playing during the social media era? Oh, Lord, man, listen, boy. Ooh Lord. Not, not, not me. Mind you, I got in trouble for tweeting on the sideline. We played Philly. I got in trouble for tweeting on the sideline in the middle of a preseason game. That was the beginning of social media era for me in 2009. Can you imagine? Man? I be, man, listen, I score a touchdown and go live on Instagram.


Oh, who? I told you, you don't hold Joe. I did, I did. But see, I did the celebration where I pretended like I had a phone. Joe Horn actually went and hi a phone. Pulled the phone and pulled the phone out. I said, pretty soon somebody going, Hey, I ain't gonna lie one time. I'm gonna say, look here, I'm gonna send a hundred thousand. I'm, I'm call Uber Eats. Uber Eats gonna bring me a piece on the sideline. I hey one, I, I would, Hey, I would say, look here. Hey, I'm gonna tell my agent, my financial people say, look, I'm sending a hundred thousand aside. 'cause I know I'm gonna get fined. Oh yeah, Uber, he's gonna bring me a pizza. Hey, that's, that's the good one right there.


I'm, and listen, today's game, I'll push the envelope. I, I really, they allow everybody to celebrate. They allow, they allow group celebrations, but everybody's doing the same stuff. Nothing is authentic. Nothing is organic. They're doing stuff they see on tv. They're doing stuff they see on TikTok, right? You get that? Oh, the NFL is all about fan engagement, right? Or this is what y'all want. You want the fans to enjoy the game and have fun. No, we tell y'all what, how to engage the fans. Don't you, don't you try to come up with something? Oh, no, no. Oh, I'm coming up with something. I'm gonna push the envelope. Don't let me score in the north or south end zone. Don't let me be playing away, man. I'm pulling the fan out. The end zone, man. We going sit there and do the kid and play. I'm gonna put it right back in the stands. Can you imagine?


Man, you gonna get the fan thrown out. You know, the fan can't step on the field. Man's. That is a memory. Unc, I promise you, if I was playing today, whatever game I score, I'm telling you, I will pull a fan out the stands in the north or south end zone, pull him down and do the kid and play. That will be iconic because it's something that's never been done before. Everybody's doing stuff now that you can celebrate. They just repeating the same stuff over and over. Somebody has to push the envelope and make it fun. Make it fun. The Volume.


I'm Camilla Ramon at Amli Ortiz and our podcast, Asho is where sports, music and fitness collide And we cover it all the arva. This season we sit down with history makers like the Sukar family, who became the first Peruvians to win a Grammy. It was a very special moment for us. It's been 15 years for me in this career. Finally, things are starting to shift into a different level. Listen To Asho on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.