
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


You know, some people say that ooo, business management software is like fertilizer the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Ooo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, ooo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com o doo.com.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award-winning legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


Hi, I am Leah Palmeri. And I'm Matt still. And you might know us as the host of the hit iHeartPodcasts grownup stuff. So lately on the show we've been crunching the numbers on tax season and we're learning a whole lot. For instance, Matt, did You know there are more than 33 million small businesses in the us? That is way more than I thought. Same. And do You know some of the top cities for small business growth in the us? I actually don't know that one. Okay, I'm gonna tell you, we've got Scottsdale, Arizona, Atlanta, Georgia, Miami, Florida, Orlando, Florida, and Austin, Texas. Those Are all over the country. That's Why we've been talking with the tax experts at TurboTax Business about the tips and tricks small businesses should keep in mind when navigating tax season to file with confidence and hopefully save a few bucks. Well, I can definitely tell you the more stuff I've learned about how taxes work, the more I think small businesses might wanna leave it to the professionals this year. Yes, TurboTax Business has a fleet of experts, especially small business experts, who can give you advice throughout the process or just handle the whole thing for you. Get expert help today by visiting turbotax.com/business,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this BA season you are. With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams. Toing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Giovanni Tank, Davis Escape, Barclays Center on Saturday night with a majority draw against Lamar Roach. The 30-year-old Davis who is undefeated and was heavy favorite took a knee in the middle of the ninth round before retreating to his corner of a member to wipe his face with a towel. The unusual move essentially at timeout should have been assessed and knocked down and Steve Wilson appeared to begin the 10 count. But Willis then can be heard on the broadcast. Kelly Davis. You take a knee like that, it looks like a knockdown. Yeah. However, the fight continued without Roach being credited with knocking Davis down. Davis said during the post-fight interview in the ring that he got a hair, he got his hair done Thursday and the grease from the hair was burning his eyes. Hairstylist denies putting a lot of grease on the hair, especially I did his hair Wednesday it Saturday.


He did press gym weight. That's not an excuse how much Grease did. How much grease did I use? Damn. You are like Uhuh you ain't for to mess up my business. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You you got, you got, listen, you had to be careful with that, with that answer because obviously because she's the one that does this hair, her clientele has shot up because she's the one that does this hair. Now you come out and say something like that, you're the reason why now that's gonna mess her business up. So she gotta come out and defend herself. Absolutely. Right away. She has to. Now obviously watching the fight, watching the punch, I don't think, I think he surprised him. I think he surprised him with the punch and hit him in the wrong spot. The wrong place. And they caught him by surprise and they called him to go down.


I'm I'm, I'm just saying honestly. Who, Who? Roach. Yeah, Roach. Roach quot him by surprise with the Oh, I, I didn't, I didn't see, I didn't think he got hit. You don't think so he got Hit? I don't think so, but I, regardless when you take a knee, if you go back and look at when, when Floyd Mayweather fought Cruz, I think, what was it, 2001 and he hit, he hit him on the button and he hit hurt his hand and he took a knee. Yeah. And it started, he is like, nah, I just, and they started to kick the 10 count. Yeah. You can't take a knee. Yeah. So if they give, if they, if they take, if they give him that point, he wins the fight. Yeah. Yeah. He wins the fight. Hey, hey listen, them boys were going at it.


Boy, them boys were going at it. I think there, there was, there was, it was the part that I, that I really enjoyed. Obviously, You know, boxing is, is about, You know, moving around and there was a point where Tank and Roach decided, You know what, we tired right now. We finna sit here in the pocket and we finna bang man. I mean just exchange. Boy them boy we're throwing boy, them boy were Thorn boy Roach didn't back down At at all. At all. And did you see the size difference in the ring, obviously? Yeah. Obviously Roach being, You know, being, being being the bigger man. But Roach came up, Roach normally fights at one 30. He came up to 1 35. What? Damn what? He look huge in the ring.


Yeah. All either, either way. Hey listen, they got, they got a rematch. They got a rematch and that dog, that that, that fight was good. And obviously a lot of people, I've seen a lot of boxers come out and say, You know, tank lost, lost that fight. I think the fight was good. I think when I, when I looked at the scorecard, I think maybe going into round seven, maybe seven or eight May, maybe seven. I think Tank was up on the scorecard for, for that matter. But Lamont ro had always been good. He had always been good and he was, he was the right, he had the right style. His styles make fights and Lamont Rocha's style made that fight what it is. Yeah. What it is. It's, And he made no mistakes too.


All night. Yeah. I mean look, T was try to Tang hit it with a good couple of good shots, but Roach didn't Move. Couple clean ones. Yeah. But he ain't moved. Hey and he started countering Yeah. Right Away. He, to catch him, he would counter him right back. Right back, right back. And You know the straight right through the, the guard through a a, a south paw because that's what Tank killed a South Paw fighter. Yeah. Hey that jab, hey, he kept him up off him. He didn't back down. And You know, normally tanks start slow. Yeah. Comes on. Yeah. Yeah. Roach say I'm here to stay. Yeah. He say I'm here for a long time and a good time. I ain't going nowhere. I'm not sure what kind of condition Lamont Roach did, but whatever it is, I salute him.


'cause everyone else at some point passed round seven. You know, normally when fighting fighting tank, they die down. Yeah. They die down. The Volume of punching decreases, You know. Well, everybody gets tired after round seven and on, but, but his, his condition was, was up the part of they, they they went, they went to war all 12 rounds. That that was a really, really good Yeah, but I, me, I thought Roach won the fight. They did Ocho If they, if they count that knockdown. Yes. I thought even without the knockdown, I thought he won it. I, I, look, I I I thought he had, I mean look, I know Tank land the punches, but he, because He was aggressive, Roach was the more aggressive fighter.


Yeah. I mean, being the aggressive fighter. Did you see the, did you see the scorecard though? You go to the punches? Yeah, I saw, yeah, I saw they showed the scorecard. Yeah. So I mean it's, it's, ah, it's tough. It's tough. Good. Listen, a great fight from both fighters. Now to me fighting next, I, I would like to see them rematch at at some point. I'm not sure if that's in, in, in the foreseeable future. I mean it should be. Obviously if it was the draw, I would love to see Tankage. What Does the numbers say? The pay-per-view number is gonna tell you if people wanna see a rematch because if they came out and bought the fight Yeah, they'll get a rematch. Yeah. De if, if they didn't do the numbers on your No, I think it, I think it did the numbers Okay.


I think it did. I I think it definitely did the numbers. I mean, listen, it's it's Tank. Huh? He's a, he's the draw. He's the draw. They, they, they coming to watch, they come to watch. I mean I, listen, I can't, I'm excited. I can't wait to see him, see him fight Shakur. But everybody had a lot to say. Shakur had a lot to say. What's her name? Tank Haney Had say, had had a lot to say Bud, boy, bud had a lot to say. Yeah. But I think you, you do realize what yo, what this does is that it gives fighters like every, because everybody know Tain got power.


Yeah. Now they're like, okay, I, I wanna fight him. Shakur's like, okay, let's make this fight happen. Right. He talking about Bud, look, bud looking at Canelo. Bud ain't looking. Bud ain't looking to drop no weight. He ain't nobody want, the only fight bud can make is Canelo Right Now that's a big jump to go up Three, three weight classes. Huge jump. That's huge. Huge. I mean, normally somebody go up a weight class, maybe two. Right, Because Roy Jones Roy Jones. Yeah, Roy was super middle, but Roy was fighting at, was fighting at a, a light heavyweight light. Heavy, heavy. Yeah. So he went up, went from Cruiser to, to heavy.


Heavy. Yep. But That's gonna be a good one though. That's gonna be a good, I mean listen, But I just, I I thought TW when You know you got to the middle rounds Ocho you got round like four and five. Like okay, here come tank. Yeah, here come tank Rope. That's what, You know, he steps on the gas after round four he normally steps on the gas and comes forward just in, in general. But also you gotta understand Unc at this level of elite boxing like that, you gotta be careful. Especially when you are exchanging one shot. Boy you gone. Yeah. One, hey listen, one shot, you gone. So us as fans watching from the outside looking in, You know, you, you want, you want 'em to just get in there and just throw and just, but hey, it is a chess match.


You got to be careful. You make one mistake, you going to sleep, you going to sleep. Well the little guys, what they do is they put, but see that's, they could put, they put punches together. Yeah. You know as you go up in weight class, them the ones that turn the lights out with one fight now still even at the smaller weight class, they catch you with a punch. You don't see they can turn your lights out. Yeah. They catch you in between punches. Well is a wrap. Yeah. They catch you throwing a punch, you throwing one and day and they get through quick. Or the one hit the quitter, the overhand that you don't see until it's too late. Yeah, yeah. Or the uppercut that you never see because it's coming from the blind spot. Right.


Blind spot. So that's why, You know, you look at Tyson, Tyson was always to the body, ah, pop and he coming through. He, he coming through the guard. He coming through the guard. Tyson gonna bang the body, You know it's gonna come, You know it's coming. Stop it if you can. But it was, it was, it was a good fight. Ocho I be, no I don't normally pay pay for fights, but I say, You know what, lemme see what's really going on. Yeah. Because I know we gonna talk about it. I wanted to see, see a, a tank. I wanted to see a roach tank be him two be him quarter of a meal that he was gonna get him out there. Roach said no you won't. So it's gonna be interesting to see if they have a rematch.


Yeah. I mean they have to. Huh? Hey just, But look, there, there's enough fighters in that, that class. You got Lo Chenko, you got Shakur, you got Haney, you got Garcia, you got Tank, you got Roach. Come on man. Make these damn fights happen. Stop ducking and Dodge at each other. What the They got some good ones coming up now. There's a whole card with to, to Ryan Garcia and Devin Haney coming up. Yeah. There's A whole card. No, they should be fighting each other. See that's why people don't give the credit because you remember back in the eighties when they had the Four Kings? Oh yeah. Kerns fought Leonard. He fought Haggler, he fought Duran Duran fought those guys. And then you, you crowd the fifth Horseman.


You had Iran, Barkley, those guys fight. Go back and look at the seventies and you look at the heavyweights. When you had Norton, you had Frazier, you had Foreman, you had Ernie Shavers, you had all those guys. They fought. Right. These guys, I love Floyd, but I hate what Floyd did to the box, the game of boxing because everybody's trying to protect that oath. Ain't nobody wanna take no chances because they feel, they feel now, if I take a chance, I lose Ocho. My career is not, bro, stop it. But, but Floyd, Floyd fought everybody. He Floyd, he, he fought everybody on his term. This, it is the point when you're winning like that, you get the call your shots.


I get on your turn. Everybody ain't gonna be Floyd. Even if you end up undefeated, you not gonna be Floyd. Yeah, Yeah. That's what they thinking. I'm, I'm trying to think then all the fights like all the, all the fights too. Obviously you wanna see all the fights fight each other, but also they have to keep building it up to maximize the person which they can get. You can't just fight just to fight just because everybody wanna see you fight. You gotta wait, you gotta build it up. You gotta get some fights in. You gotta create some type of chaos, some type of the goddamn turmoil Kick Noko has done enough Shakur Stevens has done enough that they should be able to get in the fight ring with Devonte, with Gervonta, with Tank. Hey, it, it is not that easy though.


Huh? It ain't, it ain't itt. It ain't that easy. I mean the way, the way you say it, You know, for us on the outside looking in like forget it, make it happen. But the money gotta be right. The money. Right. O ocho money matter. This is what kalo, this is what guys do. Instead of taking a risk at 20 million, they ratify somebody they know they can beat for 10. That's how they doing it. Don't Joe. Yeah, people see what they're doing. That's why UFC has surpassed them because Dana White ain't letting you dunk nobody and they ain't got, and see you got the WBA, you got the Ring magazine, the WBO, the I, the the I, the IBF. You got all these unif, the sanctioning bodies. Right.


You got too many belts, man. Fight what you get to sport for. I mean, just think about Ocho. If sports, if if sports was really like that, You know what, You know Ken says like, nah, we don't wanna play Philly. Y'all send somebody else to the Super Bowl All over that. Hey that's, that's What do these guys doing? They ducking. I like, you can put it that way Uhuh, you, you gotta understand. But the, at that level, at the elite level, you have to be careful. You have to build your resume that you wanna maximize the type You don't think to. So, so Lopez don't have the resume to be able to fight tank tophi.


Tofi. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So what you saying build a resume. So he don't have a resume right now that's impeccable enough to fight him. What about Jako? Stevens his record ain't ain't good enough. But again, we talk about purse, you gotta think about how they thinking. They think about that bag, they think about that money. I don't want fight you right now because financially it doesn't make sense. It doesn't, it doesn't. No. All I'm saying is, man, you gotta fight what people loved about Sugar Ray. This is why boxers today don't get the love and the adulation that the old guys, because they fought ocho Yeah. For, for, for no, for no money.


Yeah. But but look, go back and look at They, they are prize fighters. That's what they are. They're prize. Yes we could, we could want them to fight as much as you want. But I'm telling you what it come down to. What is my purse looking like? Ocho The time has fight. Your first looking like, because you not fighting nobody. They not getting no $1 million, they not getting a million buys. They're not getting 1.5 million buys like Floyd. So stop trying to think that you gonna be Floyd. Oh, I I see what you mean. Yeah. Yeah. Well you, you ain't gonna never be that. 'cause everybody, everybody was tuning in to watch Floyd lose. There's a difference. That's how you even got to that point. But, but look at Tyson. I mean, go back, go back and look at those guys.


Those guys fought. You gotta fight. Oh, at the end of the day, you gotta fight. You gotta fight. I I I want you to get your money, but you ain't nobody gonna be tuning in to watch you watch you box somebody. They wanna see you. They wanna see Lopez and Shakur. They want to see a, a tank in Shakur Or, or Lopez. Evan Haney, Ryan Garcia. Yeah. They wanna see place like that. All those are great matches. But again, why is it so hard? I say I see some people in the check plane and stop making excuses why it's so hard to get fights. Why you think people don't wanna send contracts or when they do send a contract, they look at it and be like, I ain't fucking signing that shit.


You ain't even paying me. It all comes down to one thing at the end of the goddamn day, no matter what y'all say in the chat, I ain't making no no excuses. The purse ain't where it need to be. Why the person where, where it would be? Because they don't wanna see them jokers fight nobody. They wanna see them fight the best and the purse will be there. I'm not paying you no 25 million to fight some guy that got that's 13 and five and you 27 and oh,


Who doesn't love Reese's peanut butter cups? Answer. Nobody. They've been one of the most delicious parts of your life for everybody knows they can't get any better. Right. Well after you try the new Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup, a delicious twist on your favorite treat, you might change your mind. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big cup is the perfect combination of creamy milk chocolate, delicious peanut butter, and an ooey gooey chocolatey filling. It's a different kind of delicious. You know, the chocolate filling just takes it to a whole extra level. It's a totally, completely new kind of Reese's peanut butter perfection. Lucky you, lucky everyone. So you really just have to ask yourself how you like your peanut butter cup the way you've always loved it, or with a gooey chocolate lava center. Or don't choose and have both. Yeah, that sounds like a plan. Shop Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup now at a store near you found. Wherever candy is sold


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is Ashley Connet from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. You probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by future health.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers and the new award-winning Legion Go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with Towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the Legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion. Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


We would not hold Sugar Ray in the regard. Has Sugar Ray not fought Who he fought? He fought Beez. He fought Haggler. He fought Hearns. He fought Duran. Yeah, I mean it's different. It Different. Hearns fought Hearns Haggler. They fought you talking about the in the eighties. The Four Kings. Yeah. The best of, We never had. Go back and look at the seventies and look at those guys. They fought. Yeah. Foreman, Ali Frazier. Norton Shavers. What's the, the other guy. There's another guy that George Foreman just went and they went like eight round but they were just, it wasn't, it wasn't aesthetically pleasing.


Yeah. With OCHO they was throwing atomic bombs. Yeah. Isn't that trying to kill each other? Yes. Trying to kill and Yes, I'm speaking, you have to think about it too now. But I'm sitting here talking, I'm listening to people in the chat. But then you gotta think about, I'm in camp with some of these folk, man. I'm listening to the conversations. I'm, I'm in there literally, You know why certain fights are getting made. I, I'm in there with boots. I've been in there with Kayla Plant Benavidez. I done been in in the camp with Tank the same. I done been in the camp with Shakur. It's the same conversation, the same thing over and over. So when I'm saying stuff like this, people say I'm making no, I'm not making excuses.


I'm sitting there listening with my own two ears. I'm listening what the issues are. Well, we can't make this fight 'cause the money ain't what it should be. And why am I getting in risking myself or risking the a or oh or whatever it may be for every case For this. Because you in the fight game. Why get in the fight game every time you step in the ring, there's a chance, There's a chance. There's always a punches chance. But I'm, I'm still telling you what it is. I I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Man look girl, until they start. And that's why people, the people to stop watching, you gotta go all the way. The Saudis, they try to make a fight. They making fights in Saudi and in Dubai because these yo won fight over here.


Fight. It is so funny. I see people in the chat, but I'm lying. I mean it was, it is well documented. Everything I'm saying, all you gotta do is just type it in. It's there. But anyway, anyw. Who? It's all good Man. I just, hey, I just wanna see him fight. I just wanna see good fights. Get me high man. Hey, hey Ocho man, you look, I done been to prize fights. Ain't nothing like it. No. Oh man, that atmosphere. But ain't no bud. Ain't no, I mean when the last time we had a, I mean we gotta go back to when Bud fought Earl Spence Jr. Ooh, That was nice. Yes. And that was not, I remember going, going to see Tyson fight. Ain't nothing like a heavyweight now.


Oh no. Big time Boy. Tyson back at his prime. Everybody came out. The World stopped. You hear me? But you better not go to the bathroom or get concession because we gonna be, you wrote your ass back to your seat. You gonna miss the fight. Oh, you missed it. You just spent 10 grand for nothing. Oh yeah, but I wanna see these guys fight. I think the, I think the, the chat would see 'em fight too. A man goes viral for buying his girl a Honda Civic for a birthday and gets clowned on social media. Man, go a man goes viral buying his girl a Honda Civic for a birthday and gets clown ocho. Why you alone Honda Civic is a good car.


I mean, look at y'all make it seem like y'all make it seem like the man an athlete. Damn, Forget a Honda Civic being a good car. I mean, you getting the vehicle to give from point A to point B. Obviously you wanna stay within your f financial lane. You don't want to get something that you're not able to afford. You don want to, you don't want to get something that you can't pay for. You can't make payments. I, it, it's, it is not that difficult. People, the man got something based on his salary and what he makes where he's comfortable helping his young lady out. That ain't hard. That ain't difficult to understand. It ain't. And And, and the people, the peoples, most of the time the people making fun of it probably couldn't Even do themselves. Ain't got no car, Ain't They ain't even got no car ojo.


Man. Don't get me started on that. Yeah. I mean, but, but, and see that's, that's why I know, that's why, You know, I've been talking to a lot of people. See shit on the internet ain't real because the ocho the internet will have you thinking like, man I really need to get me another job. Look how these more folk living man. Man they, They, they taking pictures. You fed a thousand dollars just to go take a picture on a private jet. You renting cars, you renting home. They got people thinking that's your crib. You for what? Just so you can impress somebody or you tried to impress somebody that you never met. Yeah, that guess what? They don't care about you.


It's all about, it's all about portraying a certain image, huh? Yes. I mean that, I mean, they're not a whole lot of guys that, that would be willing to buy their girl a car. Even if it was a harder civic. And she seemed just as happy because it was better than what she had. Which was nothing, nothing. It be better than catching the bus. Yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely. They gonna try to shame the man talking about clown the man, clown the man on social media, bro. Put your arm around your lady because a lot of, a lot of jokers out there ain't wouldn't by man. He's, I'm surprised they didn't call him a simp because You know you can't do nothing for your lady For, for taking care of your lady.


Yeah, for, For George. What you supposed to do bro? You ain't got no girl. You not you simple because you ain't even got no girl. But because, because you man, I wouldn't do that for my lady. Y'all ain't gonna tell me what to do for my lady. I'm gonna do a damn if I want Absolutely every time. So man, you a sip. Okay? And your point is, y'all think y they be thinking they'd be hurting your feeling. Talk about that bro. Y'all ain't got no money And matter of fact, y'all Ain no you might have money. And when you talking about I don't gotta do all that for my girl. Guess what somebody else is. Oh. Oh. I don't even wanna break no bad news.


I I don't no bad. You don you don't do that. Don't do that. I ain't gonna break no bad news to do with you Don. All, all, all it, all the take is, You know, unc the funny thing about it, all it take for her is to experience it from one person to see's Like yes, yes. One time. Oh, this is what it's like, oh this is what I've been missing out on. Yes, Yes. Okay. Yes. I Okay, but I, I, I, I ojo, I mean if I was a, if I didn't play in the NFL took care of my money, let's just say I'm a hardworking guy. Right. I work at a regular nine to five, Nine to five blue collar. Yeah. And I ain't, I ain't blue, blue collar real, real blue. Yes sir. My collar black 'cause it's dirty. 'cause I working my ass off Ocho. You know what I'm saying? Don't You? Yes. Yes sir. I'm, I'm with you now. And, and if I, yeah, I'm gonna take care of my lady for sure.


That's a part of it. Right. Always has been. That's me now everybody, everybody wired like you and I that we believe that, that, You know, we should take care of those because Okay, you, you got to. I want, yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna take care of mine then what somebody else do. I don't care what somebody else do for their lady. I'm gonna tell you what I'm gonna do for mine. Mine. So what you do, I'm cool. You don't wanna take your girl, do this or you don't want do that. I ain't finna judge you. I ain't finna look down at you, but I'm not gonna make you feel bad because I can and you can't do for yours. Right. Because that's what it comes down to. Ocho a lot of guys can't do anything for their lady. And since they can't, they gonna try to make you feel bad that you can.


Yeah, exactly. Exactly. And matter of fact, they're using the word sim. They using it outta context. They using it totally outta context. Now the guy that's in that's in here talking, look at my, that's my dog right now. The one, the only I be his real name Mama called him getting Nathaniel. But we call him Earthquake Qua. What he do? Hey, what up Ocho? What's up? What's up baby? How you doing? What? So blessing. Holly F See I had to put my real name up because Trump important people. I to let them know I'm here. I'm, I'm looking, I'm like Nathan, Nathaniel who?


Hell yeah. This ain't no time to be earthquake right now. That's hot in these streets. You gotta keep your passport. You say your real name, you can't say Oh yeah, mess around, get deported, man. Can't get back here. Wait, What's going on bro? How you doing Man? I'm so blessed Holly. Favored man. I love the show too, man. So I appreciate it. Y'all do y'all appreciate y'all great chemistry, Man. Look at It and it's, and I'm proud of you. You know, I'm proud of you. Oh Yeah man, we, we talk Proud of you. I don't really have a whole lot of close friends and people that I communicate with that I didn't play sports with. But Quake is one of the ones, I mean, I met Quake. I mean I used to see him in Atlanta and come to his shows.


But then I met him probably about nine years ago in the airport we find, we find the red out back to Atlanta and we was in, we was in the sky club and man, we struck up a conversation and man, we been, we been, we been, we've been down ever since, man. I mean he a good dude, real dude. All a, there been some times I had to call him up. I said, he said, man, look here, let that go man. Let that, let that, let that Let that He had to talk me off a cliff. Talk me off a cliff mojo. I tell them all the time, Ocho love hate from the chief. Yeah. Oh yeah. I got it. Because I ain't coming off of this hill. I can't do it. I can't do it. Yeah. That pole is hard on 'em. They gonna have to do it by they Face. Yeah. Oh man.


That's crazy. Hey, hey. Yeah, Craig, I I wanted to ask you, man, listen, I, I've been watching you over the years, man. You've been in comedy man, you've been in the game for a long time. Boss Man. And I, I'm a fan. I'm a huge fan. How has your comedic style evolved over the years being that through each era, You know, your not, not what you call your set, your sets have to change based on your audience. Well, I always think as a true artist, the comedy should reflect the era that you in. Ah, and I that's why I'm saying it's so important now that everything we're going, yes sir, you can't have knock not jokes.


This is the time to beat the Richard Bra, James Coleman to be able to flex so you can have this longevity if you are relevant in the times that you live in. You know what I mean? So that's always been my co I mean key, I, I'm quick with it. I I don't take a long time and then I have a different delivery sub much as like a preacher. Right. And I'm rapid fire. So you, You know, I give you, I'm like McDonald's, I'm gonna go a billion jokes told. So you just, you don't get no time to wait from me. I ain't got them long stories. Right. And waiting for Right. Earn pride type, You know what I mean?


Just keep punching to the bell stop. Right Quake. I remember you said one time, one of a a true comics job is, is to take real life events and make 'em funny. Oh yeah. A lot of times you talking about your prostate, we had to get pro, you had to get your prostate check. You take real life events, be it a dating situation. Nah, I think you're about to get you done got married yet Quake, I'm, I don't Mean to put you no. August 21st, man. I'm the only, I'm I'm invite all. Okay. We walk through the valley of no evil. Gotta get out them streets man too. I'm following, I'm following up right behind You man.


It's time to get out them streets, man. These old players better than realize that's what they make Sidewalks. Folks come on over here, Get out the road. We Hold on Qua, get out the road. Oh, ain't like seeing an old man. Get hit back. Hey wait, lemme quake, lemme ask you this quick. When you first started doing comedy shows and you on the circuit, you chitlin circuit and you going to leave small club and you making 50 and they paying you a hundred dollars, did you ever think comedy would be as mainstream and you could make the money that you're making right now when you first started? Yeah, because see I owned my own club and comedy. Steve Harvey came. Yeah. And Steve Harvey came and it's 93 and Steve Harvey came, did three shows on Friday, three on Sunday.


And I wrote him a check for $72,000 on a 93. I said, man, I ain't know that kind of money. Yes. I said, yeah, I could stay here for an hour just for the stuff that you utter. Oh man. Yes Lord. I knew it. It, it's a beautiful thing if you can draw them people to come in. Right. Wait, you was in the military. Lemme ask you this. When did You know that You know what Comedy Avenue I'm gonna pursue? Because you went to the military and you could have been, You know, been a civil servant or you like Nah, military. Military, they don't make no money. They don't make no money. I, I might as well go ahead and make this real money out here. Being a comedian, when did you start taking comedy serious?


Well, I wish I did have a good, to be quite honest with you, a story like that. I was going do 20 years in the military, but the war broke out. And I said I don't mind practicing for war, but y'all fighting for real, man. I just came here to get away from my mama. Nah, y'all need some real soldier, you can drop me off at the crib, man, I ain't no real soldier man. It's time to tap out. So I went to Atlanta and just tried comedy out just as a n just tried it and ain't nothing better can, that's why my, I got the name earthquake because if it didn't work out, I ain't want my family to be joking on me talking about, do You know he got out the military trying to be Richard Pry.


So I, I used the, I used earthquake so it worked out. So, You know, that's it. I ain't wanna mess up my good name. So somebody said, earthquake, you bomb. I'm like, I dunno, no earthquake my name. You, Hey. Hey. Who, Hey who, who were some of the, some of the comedians that inspired you when you first started out? You know, your Richard Pry and, and and names of that sort? I got in the game after prior part of it just into the game of the occupation of it. Right. But all the greats such as dl, Stan, Steve, Bernie, all of 'em, you gotta understand I own my own club.


Right. So all the comments that you see now came through my club. The Chris Tucker, the Ane Jays, all of all of us worked in this club. This was a trainer field for us. And You know, the other ones was the big stars like the George Wallace and stuff. George. So that's how it was. Yeah. George bad boy. George was the first brother that taught me how to do a door day. You need 85, 90% of this dog and some of the food that are left. I said, okay George. Hey, how, how do you, how do you feel about, about the state of, the state of standup comedy today as opposed to how it was, You know, in our younger days, and I'm saying in our younger days.


'cause I'm my, I am right up there with y'all. Well, only thing I I would say personally as a comedian is be a comedian. Right. You know, mind you doing anything, doing your format or sitting down here or Twitter do, but where's the jokes? Right? Right. I want to hear the jokes. If you, you gonna be something else and you gonna be a provocateur or whatever, okay, do that. But if you gonna fly outta this battle as a comedian, you need to be funny and you can't bring what you did last year. Just like your game your last year has nothing to do with this shit. When you step on the field and you still living off of stuff you did in the past. You know what I'm saying?


I used to be the 1997 Super Bowl champ in 2005, 25. You know what I mean? And you sitting down here and you running a a eight four. Right. You know I'm saying, You know, you used to run a four too, man. Get my face. I ain't got nothing say to you. So I feel just be funny. Wait, put a joke to it Quake. When you look at where we are now, because it seems like a lot of these comedians are popping up through social, social media. Oh yeah. And when your days, you didn't have social media. You like you said, you had to be funny. There weren't, were there guys doing a whole lot of skits back then? I remember Flip Wilson, you remember Flip Wilson had the variety show. Carnet Tim, qua Conway. There were a few that had the com had the, the skit, the sketch comedies.


But for the most part, guys stand up on stage. Women stood up on stage with that microphone and they walked paced back and forth and they told jokes. And now it seems like social media guys blow up guys and men and women blow up overnight quake. Yeah, but see it is just like your profession. Whatever means you need to get seen by the scouts, you still better be able to play True. Because ain't nothing going to help you when you get on that stage. Now you might get him the first time sell all out because you was great on the internet, but in our profession, they won't spend another dog. The world will get around. He sucks and they'll let You know, boo. And that I'm telling you, you found out just how long a minute is when you stand on that Man.


It's d it is different Up there. It it's a hard job, but I love it. Wait, I know you cool with Chappelle. You one of the few comics that that Chappelle allowed to get close to him. You Darnell Rollins. I had Donelle on, I tore it, I tore him up. Quake, I got me some jokes off on Quake. I got me some jokes off on it. I'll listen to you Quake Quake say, hey, they come up here and get you a few jokes off on them. I got, I got me a few, I got me a few up on it. When, when, when I hear he's one of the few, like George Carlin could do this, that he could tell a joke while all the while providing social commentary. Mm. And that's a, that's a very, very unique ability to have.


He can take real life events, he can make them funny, but tell him in such a way that it disarms the crowd. Mm. He is, he's a genius man. I have the privilege. I just worked with him on All Star Weekend in Oakland and when I tell you the set he has now is just as funny as any 'em that he has and he is God given for this, this is what he's here for. You know what I mean? To interpret it and is, is is very relevant. Back to what I'm saying. These are the times and comedians, true comedians have the obligation to tell the world and tell truth to power through your jokes and educate you through the laughter.


Same as the people you said George calling the Richard Prize. These people stood when we was going through the worst days. Yes. We were able to, to articulate where we is and he's there doing it for us now. And it's brilliant and I'm, I'm just privileged to be his friend. So what is the next, you you, are you, are you on tour right now? Quite, Yeah. I'm getting ready for this. Your boy ready for this. Another next big Netflix special. Dave Chappelle is gonna produce this for me coming to Atlanta. When, When? Because I'm gonna be there. We, we gonna be in say with the next two months. We gonna, we gonna do it. This one gonna be great. I'm ready.


You Have to find out. Lemme have to find out from somebody other than you. I'm heckling I'm coming to heckling. Heck no, man. You know you don't wanna do that to me. I got you. I got a couple bullets. You already already. Hey, IM your My, You know, jokes and I'm, I can't see it now because we ain't put the ink on it, but your boy gonna be on TV on the network. So I'm gonna have own on my own TV show. Oh man. I man, hey Are things, You know, I, I'm happy.


Like I said, man, congrats. You one of the few people outside of sports that I, that I, that I communicate on a regular basis. And man, I really appreciate you joining tonight. But man, You know, I, I've seen your show. I've always thought, you've always been one of my favorite comedians. And after getting an opportunity to really know you and talk, even before you sat down with me on Club Sheshe having an opportunity to talk to you on the re man, you just a good dude. You a real good dude, bro. Well thank you man. I appreciate it Ocho you my man man and still, and You know it brother still, still don't spend none of that money. Let's keep it, keep that money man. Don't let him rich shame you. Do not let rich shame. Listen. It it, we ain't send you, we ain't going back being broke.


We know how it is. I I ain't, I ain't spent nothing 37 years. Man. Listen, I didn't, I been enjoying the fruits of my labor this year. I, I told myself I'm gonna treat myself 2025. So this year I'm finna act up quake. This year I'm gonna act up, but 2026, I'm gonna go ahead and shut it back down. Give yourself a year. But don't let him rip sha me man. Keep this money on you. I be rooting for don't spend nothing. Hey, quake man. Appreciate your time, man. Enjoy it. I look forward to it. Like I say, hit me up, let me know. 'cause I'm definitely coming through the I'm coming through the show, bro. Oh no, I'm gonna on the show with that too. And I'm so, so seeing you and Ocho invitation to the wedding man, it's gonna be huge. There gonna be there and I'm love, I Don't have no oh, don't have no vegan food quake.


I know you eating healthy, not going with that bull drive. Uhuh Uhuh. I got, I got Listen. I got you. I got you. I got real people food. Okay. I promise. I appreciate that man. Thanks for joining us tonight on Night Camp, bro. Love you man. Love


you. Who doesn't love Reese's Peanut butter Cups? Answer, nobody. They've been one of the most delicious parts of your life forever. Everybody knows they can't get any better. Right? Well, after you try the new Reese's Chocolate Lava big cup, a delicious twist on your favorite treat, you might change your mind. The Reese's Chocolate Lava Big Cup is the perfect combination of creamy milk chocolate, delicious peanut butter, and an ooey gooey chocolatey filling. It's a different kind of delicious. You know, the chocolate filling just takes it to a whole extra level. It's a totally, completely new kind of Reese's peanut butter perfection. Lucky you, lucky everyone. So you really just have to ask yourself how you like your peanut butter cup the way you've always loved it, or with a gooey chocolate lava center. Or don't choose and have both. Yeah, that sounds like a plan. Shop Reese's Chocolate love a big cup now at a store near you found. Wherever candy is sold,


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


This is Ashley cnet from the Ben and Ashley Eye. Almost same as podcast. You probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future health.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers and the new award-winning Legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


Cheers to not being a bitter baby mama. Yes, I'm bragging because DJ really do have a great daddy out of, out of the four years our son's been here, he's never skipped a beat in my boy life. I like that. I mean that, that's, that's dope. That's dope. That's dope. I like it. I like, yeah, I mean, because sometimes don't show, You know, hey, I mean, I, I'm not sure, I don't know about reward what we supposed to already be doing. I mean, You know, you're not supposed to get a reward for what you're supposed to do. That's what he's not supposed to miss beat, You know, that's his child. But I get it. Yeah. Well, we, we not supposed, we not supposed to argue. You're not supposed to get mad if I date somebody else and I move on. Right. I'm not. Okay. Okay. I, yeah. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm with you.


I'm with you here. Right. Yeah, I agree. I don't believe, but I mean, I don't know if I would've sent, I would sent my ba my, my, my, my child's my co-parent. You know, I, I don't wanna say because, You know, Hey, Shannon called me my co-parent. Right. Money for doing what they're supposed to. But You, you wouldn't do that. What? Like, you, you don't send money just if, if they, if they needed extra, you wouldn't, I'm not even, and I'm, I'm not even, I'm not speaking on the part on, in, in, in context of her sending because he is doing a good job. Listen, just the fact that they have a child for me, you always good or you don or you don't operate.


I mean, I'm just saying that's how I, I operate. If you have a child, for me, you're always good and always will be for the simple fact that you do have my child. Right. Regardless of your circumstances, regardless of who you're dealing with, regardless of who you're seeing, You know, every time, depending on who you see, they might not be as you already know what I'm trying to say. I don't, I I, I don't check nobody pockets. But if there's something that you need regarding the child, sometime maybe not regarding the child, depending on the importance of it or the situation. Okay. You, you good. You know, I ain't, ain't I I ain't, I ain't nasty. Yeah. I, I, I think my kids, I think my, my co-parent Is Good.


Understands the situation and not Right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. When, look, we were young, we had kids, young, first time parents. I'm in my career, You know, they wanted things that I'm not, I I, I, I didn't think I could give at the time. Right? Right. Looking back on it probably should have handled things a lot different. I'm not saying that I would've changed anything about my career. I'm still going, but I probably could have squeezed some time in. Yeah. But you don't know what you don't know. Yeah. And you're feeling that that's gonna, that's gonna hinder, it's gonna hamper my ability to be the player that I want to be. And so that was, You know, hey, but I, I ain't make peace with them.


I made peace with the kids. Right. That, that's who, that's who I owed it. That's who I owed it to with the kids. And I think, You know, I had a conversation with the kids and they, they, they understood, or they told me they understood. I, I don't know what's inside their head. I just go by what they tell me, Ocho. And so that was, that was what I was able to do. But hey, kudos to her for not being bitter. Maybe he's moved on, maybe she's moved on. And sometimes Ocho you have a, you have a, a, a kid with someone and they're bitter. You are bitter and all you do is, is bicker. And the only person that suffers is the child or the children. So I'm glad we can, we can agree to get along.


Ocho, the $30 lunch debate is still going on. Yeah. Bunny Bunny said, I hate cheap ends. I'm no greedy woman. But if I want to see Food Boy for lunch owe as it plate from Shea. Yeah. $30 is not enough itch. Please tell me $30 is not enough. Crying. I'm not getting McDonald's for lunch. Boo. What's up Bo Joe? I mean, Hey listen, I mean, it's, it is, it will go on and on and on and on and on, right? It's one of those, it is one of those what I, what I like to call black Twitter topics. Yeah. And it, it comes through every so often.


The same thing, same conversation. Listen, depending on who it is, depending on who the guy is giving you $30, you gonna take that 30? Yeah. You take, take that 30 ocho. Now maybe if it's a guy in you and I situation, maybe you like, well damn baby, that's all you got a hundred a $30. But you talking about, but everybody ain't got it like that. Yeah. Everybody can't just, what, what is it? Cash? App Z. Yeah. Cash. Yo C thousand. See you 15. Okay. Venmo. Okay. Yeah. You know, everybody can't do That. So it's called cash apps. Yeah. Okay. Everybody ain't got ca and can't afford to cash app you $200 and hell, who the hell eating 200 for lunch?


One person or 200 bottle lunch. Ocho. I mean, listen, look, when I look at some of the meals, I look at some of the prices the way people like to eat all this healthy food, You know, different restaurants that people like to go to, these nice restaurants. Ocho one person though for $200, one person. I don't know. I don't know. I mean, the way they moving it, it, it seems like, so because the topic, they Could stop trying to impress people, The topic and the discourse about that $30. Hey women, women ain't, women ain't playing that. But You know, honestly they, women's expectations and thinking they gonna have somebody, or thinking you're going to find someone that's gonna be going crazy with it and having the, having the pockets to have that kind of what, what, what what I, what I call that kind of money.


God, I, I don't know. Better word. Or You money. Oh yeah. You money. Or disposable income. Disposable income. Where regardless of how much it is you need or you good right here on the on on the dot. This ain't no movie. This is reality. The Volume. When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five.


I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile, like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with a yoga PC from Lenovo, your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga. PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga Lenovo Lenovo empowering creators everywhere.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like You know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart, so check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate fire and casualty insurance company and affiliates, Northbrook, Illinois


CBS Monday, February 24th, introducing the new daytime drama beyond the gates. Welcome to Fairmont Crest Estates, where the wealthy and glamorous Dupree family rules the community with poise and sophistication. That is until a cheating husband and his trophy wife starts stirring up trouble. Find out what happens beyond these majestic gates and behind closed doors where scandal, romance, betrayal, passion, secrets, and revenge await. CBS daytime is about to get Soaper the new daytime drama beyond the Gates Premier CBS Monday, February 24th, and streaming on Paramount Plus.