
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game, or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco Consumers


Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture, we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love, and the softest coziest blankets. Whether you're cuddling up after an Easter egg hunt or gifting a little extra comfort to someone special, our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter. From our Mickey family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky. Hug today.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows. With j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a War. J Edgar Hoover was furious. He was out of his mind and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees. Listen to Divine intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball and March mania. One thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with Draftking Sports book. With live betting, exclusive content, promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple first time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sports book. Download Draftking Sports Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweets details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved noninvasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy as a follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if you're 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test if you had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard tests performs in adult age. 45 to 49 is estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


It seems like we got the, the the, the mayor just joined us. It's time to welcome. His birthday was yesterday. He's celebrated so happy belated birthday. He's the owner, he's the co-owner of the iconic Smash Burger Joint Trill Burger. And if I, I follow him and I think he just opened up another one. Trail Burger Bon b What'd he do? Hey. Hey. What's going on gentlemen? What's going on? Thanks for having though. Old man on here. Thanks man. Thanks for coming. Bond. What's up baby? What's good? I see O Charles I see you shining over there. Let I man. Little something man. You know I got a little lotion on. That's all it is. Little lotion. Boy, lemme ask you this. Let me let, let, let's kick it off with this bun.


Where did you come up with the idea to start t Tri Burger? I didn't come up with the idea. The idea was brought to me by two mutual friends of mine. Okay. One that I knew in a previous career as a clothing line designer. Okay. And the other I knew in a previous career as a podcaster for the Texs. Okay. They both moved into new paths. One becoming a restaurateur, the other becoming marketing and promotions manager of restaurants. Okay. So the restaurateur, Andy Wynn came up with an idea for a smashburger, but Smashburger phenomenon was already moving on the west coast. He's from California. Right. He saw the trend starting to move east and he was like, if I don't catch it by Texas, I'm gonna miss the whole Smashburger trend.


But I'm, I don't have as strong a brand out there. I need someone to partner with. Right. And then my other friend, Nick Scofield was like, well, I know Bun has had a food blog for many years called you gotta eat this.com. Go check us out. And and he was like, I know Bun's been looking for an entry point into the culinary space. I did want to do a full restaurant. 'cause there's so many different menu items and there's so many different ingredients Yeah. That you have to stock and, and a lot of things you lose if people don't, and people don't come in and buy that, that shrimp in, in a day or two. That shrimp starts to go bad by day three And you lose it. A lot of stuff gets lost. Lost. You know what I'm saying? So, but this was a very refined, very simple concept.


I, I went and met up with him. I tried the burger and I thought not only was it one of the best burgers I'd ever had, I thought it was one of the best meals I'd ever had. The flavor combination is incredible. Anybody that's ever had it will tell you they may have had good burgers, but no one has ever done with a hamburger. What we've done, and what I mean by what we've done is we care about it more than I think other people care about a burger. Most burgers are afterthoughts. You know, something like, I got 30 minutes for lunch. Where can I go and get something real quick? Oh man, I left this club. I'm full of this liquor. I gotta try to soak it up or something. You know what I'm, you gotta absorb that thing. You gotta absorb it bud. Yeah. You know, but we found a real sweet spot, man. You know, we found a way to not only introduce a better product into the public, but also for me personally, a way to transition my cultural equity that I built up in the entertainment industry, into the culinary industry in a way that I can capitalize off of it a lot better than I could in the music industry because of the contractual agreements that I signed at a very young age.


And with this, I was able to own everything outright with my partners. There was no investors as there was with the record company where you take that advance up front. We did all of this out of pocket. We continue to do it out of pocket. We don't take any money out of the company so that the, the company can grow, be self sustain. So we don't need investors. Right. We don't need finances from anybody. And we just try to build something that we believe will last longer than we will. Wow. I I like that. Hey, the, I wanna, I wanna go back with it being your birthday. You know, you, you, you turn a young are are you, you getting younger, You know, listen, your recent birthday Banana at, at Houston Rodeo, obviously it featured a diverse lineup, man, you had Key Sweat, Don Tova, Yolanda Adams.


What inspired you to blend hip hop r and b and Gospel for this event? You know, we've done a lot of different lineups with my shows at the Houston Livestock Show. Rodeo Uhhmm last year was the first year that they'd ever had two full rap nights. One was my night and one was with 50 cent in his tour. And Right. It kind of started to get away from what the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo as far as Black Heritage Day has always been. Right. And that's been a very inclusive evening that was always family friendly. And with some of this rap music, it could get away from being a family friendly environment. Right. Very quickly. And so the rodeo was like, look, we would love to reset the bar.


Like we, we appreciate what your hip hop contributions and all of the talent that you brought to the stage have done for the rodeo. But we think we need to reset the bar because if we don't, we're going to lose the demographic. And that was the problem with the rodeo before was that the rodeo had aged itself out. The rodeo did not bring in hip hop and younger music in a, in, in a timely manner. So they started to age people away from the rodeo. Younger people. And when I say younger, this may sound crazy, but when I say younger, I mean like 50 and under. Right. Right. There was nothing that was catering to them. Nothing in popular music was catering to them. Nothing in popular culture was catering to them. And so there became a, a concerted effort to try to make sure that the people on stage reflected the diversity of the city of Houston, which is arguably the most diverse city in America right now.


There's over a hundred spoken languages and so many different cross culture things happening in the city. And so we did a good job of diversifying it, but at the same time, you don't want to leave people out. And I could tell that if we did one more show that was rap centric, my mama wasn't gonna want to come no more. Most people, mamas weren't gonna want to come no more because it could be a little much the way people dance to it. I get it. There's a energy and we wanna bring energy and entertainment, but we don't want to do that and make sure that other people don't get so up, isolate others. Absolutely know. My mother comes to the rodeo, my siblings, my wife's siblings, our children, our nieces and nephews, and now our grandchildren all come.


So I gotta, I wanted to make sure that I got something that for my mama and my wife's mother that they can relate to things that we can relate to my children and my grandchildren. So that's why you get a ke sweat for us. You get a Yolanda Adams for the older, more Christian grandmothers and, and aunties and whatnot, And you get a Don Tover for a younger artist, Coco Jones for younger artist. You know what I'm saying? And then of course for, for for my base, You know, Luda ti You know, we hit him right in the chest with that hip hop. So we wanna make sure that when people come down, 'cause now it's become a tourist attraction. There's literally people that that come down for this thing now. Yeah. And I wanna make sure that they get something.


And what, look, anytime, You know, the triple OG, bun B is on it, You know it's gonna be big and You know, he going do Right. He gonna do right by H Town. 'cause he h town down, he born and bred a, he a he believe in that. And I, I love that. But I love that that that the fact that the rodeo came to you and said, we, we really appreciate it, but let's not get too far away from what we intended to rodeo to be. Yeah. Because we're, while we're bringing in one demo, we're losing another demo. Absolutely. How can Absolutely. We blend these demos together and grow it so we they still come. More of you guys still come and guess what, we expand this thing. Yeah. And a lot of people didn't really understand it because, You know, I don't tell everybody who's coming.


I typically keep about two or three surprises Right. To entertain people on the spot. So when I was saying, Hey, I got Don Tover and I got Keith Sweat and I got Coco Jones and I got Yolanda Adams. People don't see how that mix is in the room. Right. Right. People don't see how those genres blend together. And people really didn't understand the vision. We knew what we were doing the whole time. Right. Yolanda Adams was specifically brought in to be a part of the immemorial program where we honored all of the legends that had fallen and then we thought it was good to have some praise in the room. I feel very blessed to have this opportunity for, I've done this for sure four times. I've sold over 300,000 tickets in just four shows. We're averaging 74,000 people every time we've done this.


So it's been a beautiful opportunity, not just for me, for my family, for my business. I've been able to pass it on to other people that grew up in Houston dreaming of doing the rodeo. Now they've actually been able to do it. I grew up at a time where, You know, you didn't even think that somebody that did hip hop music would even be on that stage. And now we exist where I live as an example to the next generation. Maybe one day I can do the rodeo like Bun B. You know what I'm saying? So we understand, we understand how deeply this thing resonates with so many different people. And we don't wanna let people down. Especially right now. I don't want to seem like I'm leaving people out of something because this world is so divisive right now. Yeah, for sure.


And and things are not really as inclusive and, and I don't think people understand. No culture is more inclusive as black people. 'cause black people understand what it's like to be left out. Right. So we don't want people left out of a good time. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Right. And we know that you don't need a bunch of money to have a good time. So we try to make entertainment as authentic and realistic and approachable as possible for people. And I think we've been able to do that with the rodeo. Hey boy, You know, we've been making stuff outta nothing with no money for the longest time. Hey, we don't need no money. Yeah. So when I get $5, it's a party. Party. Hey for sure. Hey, we had one of more Hood Party 20, Hey, we got the block lit. You know what I'm saying? But lemme ask you this. When you, when you were growing up, did you go to the rodeo when you were growing up?


Yeah, that was my first concert ever. That's a big, that's a big inside joke about it. The first concert I ever went to was Conway, Conway Twit and Loretta Lyn, when I was three years old, Conway Twi, the funniest daughter. Loretta Ly. Yeah. My mom had gotten in a car wreck and a man had hit her and she was very nervous because this was in the seventies, You know what I'm saying? She's a black woman by herself in an accident with a white man. She just knew, for example, that she would be at fault. But the police came, he told the police it was my fault. She did nothing. He took care of everything. And then he asked her, would you like some tickets to go to the rodeo? When the rodeo come? And she said, sure. She gave him my information and address and she never thought nothing of it.


And a couple of weeks later, the tickets showed up and so they took the family to the rodeo. And that was my first concert, my first time ever being in the Astrodome. You know what I'm saying? And it left a lasting memory on me. Like, like one of my first musical memories is the Houston Livestock Show and Rodeo concert. And just, You know, over the years going every different time my wife shares these kind of memories. My wife saw Michael Jackson for the first time at the rodeo. You know, a lot of people have, You know, you can basically, You know, have a timeline of your life based on different experiences. Right. At the rodeo, the first time you went as a youngster, the first time your parents dropped you off. 'cause it's literally the safest environment you can be in at the rodeo.


So there was a time when you get 15 to 16, your mama would drop you off at the rodeo during spring break And you and your friends could hang out all night and then get picked up later 'cause it was a safe thing. You know what I'm saying? So it's been a part of many people's lives over the years. And now people actually have a real time experience at the rodeo and not just, when I perform, we have like a 9,000 square foot installation called Tri Town where we do the burgers, we do our, our trill tenders, we have merch, tri lemonade, we have a bar, You know, basketball goal for people to play little games, win hats, win merchandise. So we've made it something that everybody that celebrates Houston culture can come in and feel comfortable.


I know that there are people from other races that feel funny trying to celebrate other cultures and mixed company because they're not allowed to be as free as they would like to be amongst some of their own people. We provide a night where everybody can come and be who they want to be and nobody's gonna look at you sideways because in order to enjoy it, you gotta leave your prejudice at the door. If you don't like white folks, you can't come 'cause white folks gonna be there having a good time. If you don't like black folks, you can't come. 'cause black folk gonna be there having a good time. Straight folks, gay folks, Mexicans, Asians, everybody comes out and they all having a good time. So the only way you can enjoy it is leave your bull your bull stuff at the door. Right. And hopefully we, we believe that if people have a good enough time with other people of other cultures and make friends and learn things, that then maybe they won't pick it up when they leave and they can leave their prejudices outside forever.


Love that man. That's live man. Listen. But when you're talking, when, when you're talking, I could hear the passion and enthusiasm in your voice the way you explaining everything. It's a new Old, it's a new life for me. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Listen, you've always been vocal about social issues. Yes. You know, you've engaged in various, various community initiatives in Houston, man. What drives you still, You know, in your commitment to, to always give back to the community? And do you have any upcoming projects that you're excited about that you can tell us? We in Houston as entertainers, athletes, what have you, we have a different relationship with the public as other places do.


I believe that there are lines that are drawn cultural lines, neighborhood lines, other things that come into play in other major cities in America where people can't really bond in the way that we bond. Right? Like LA has cultural lines, it has neighborhood lines that some people can't cross. So that city can very, very seldom come together and unite. Same thing with, with New York. Some people might be from Queens or Brooklyn or whatever. In Houston, we had division maybe 25, 30 years ago between the north side and the south side. That doesn't exist anymore. Everybody sees themselves as Houstonians, no matter who you are and where you come from in the city. Right. So we've been able to build a connection with people that's different. People see us in the grocery store, people see us in the mall, people see us in restaurants, at car washes in the gym.


We're very visible and we're very approachable and very personable. Right. So people feel like when they buy our music, they're not just investing in music, they're investing in people, they're investing in neighborhoods. And they look at us as cultural exports. Like, You know what I'm saying? Like when you come to Houston, we don't brag about who the best biggie, Jay-Z or Nas. We brag about who the best slim thug, Kiki or Bunbee. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Scar. Yeah. Those are the kind of like, we have a lot of pride. You know, Texas has always been a self sustained entity. It was its own country, so, and so we didn't never felt fully embraced until very recently. Everything we wanted, we had to make it on our own.


Entertainment wise. If you wanted to be a recording artist, You know, a a New York label or a LA label was probably not gonna sign. So you had to go out, you had to make relationships with wholesalers and distributors and record stores and radio stations. Right. And club owners and all of that and make your way. And we all had to do it. So there's a common respect that we all have for each other. 'cause we all kind of had to ress that particular path in order to make it. But it's the people, it's not just the artists, it's the people of Houston who don't look at us in that way. Yeah. There may be somebody that's never seen me before and might be excited to get a picture, but if you roll with me through Houston for 12, 14 hours, you hear a lot of right of what's up, oog. Hey, what's up B? What's up?


It's not a lot of, oh my God. Oh wow. We don't put those kinda walls up with people. Right, right. And that's why the relationship with us is a lot different. You know what I'm saying? Now, as far as projects, we are opening the second store probably within the next seven days. Seven to 10 days. Okay. The second location at t Triburg will be opening in spring, Texas. We'll have two more locations, but by the end of the year, and I'm currently in Dallas right now with the wife mainly let You know, so my anniversary, my birthday is four days apart. So I would never forget my anniversary. That's live. You know what I'm saying? So that's what's up. So we spent the daytime, we on the anniversary letting our shop. We spent nighttime with me going to my favorite restaurant.


There's a carbon here, it's the closest Carbone I can get to in Houston. That's my favorite restaurant. So we drove up here, we did a little shopping, went, did some, did some dinner with a good friend of mine. And You know, I'm probably looking at some locations tomorrow right around Fresno and Plano at a couple of different spots, You know, and looking for a location. But we hope to be in Dallas and Austin by the, by summer next year if lucky. Hey boy. Hey. What you think about Nightcap at the rodeo next year? Oh, I think there's room to possibly do it at my activation. Okay. Yeah. Because you have to understand, I don't think many people understand what the rodeo is. The rodeo is a 21 day event.


Yeah, it is. Yeah. I'm only one night of 21 nights Okay. Of concerts that, that take place in the NRG stadium, the football stadium. Okay. Mm. Yeah. Right. They average about 65, 60 6,000 people a night. Easy. Wow. And so it's arguably the biggest music festival in The world that isn't promoted as a music festival because we talking about 21 concerts day after day after day of the football stadium day. Right. You know what I'm saying? It's a huge undertaking. Now that being said, my space, my wife thought of the idea of bringing in a DJ and a DJ booth and some space up there. So there is a stage now next year we can make it a little bit bigger. Okay. Wait.


Hey, make it a little bit bigger. Y'all egg? Yes, I'm ready. Absolutely. Ready. What you think about Nightcap at trail time? Two thumbs up there. It's thumb. There's, that's what song I appreciate that. Oh, we gonna, hey, we gonna, Hey, hey, hey, og. You know, we gonna circle back on this now. We will talk. Now I'm, I'm open to it because I want to make it a bigger weekend for people. We realize now that, and You know, you look at the music boots on the ground and all this other soul that's blowing up right now, that that black cowboy, country western lifestyle that has always existed is now in the forefront. And my weekend at the rodeo is becoming a big proponent of that.


You know what I'm saying? It gives a place that's big enough for everybody because a lot of black rodeos unfortunately, are still smaller. They're still growing and they got a lot of momentum and energy, but they still, they're still growing. They're still smaller. My rodeo is the largest rodeo in The world. Right. You know what I'm saying? So you wouldn't have a larger audience to cater to with that type of movement in motion. My wife brought in DJ pay me from South Carolina. He's the biggest line dance at Southern Soul DJ in the country. And we had people a space couldn't even hold how many people wanted to dance. They were dancing in the street. You know what I'm saying? It's just such a great way for people to come together and commune. That's what music has always been for people of color. It's always been a reason for us to get together and commun that.


Domino's playing cards, barbecue, crawfish, those are all excuses for, for us as a culture to come together and spend time together. Yeah. We don't even like each other, but if so and so who doing the barbecue trade? Doing the barbecue? All right, I'll come Who, who cooking a potato salad needs to doing a potato salad? All right, I'll show up for that. It's an excuse for us to get together. And so I, I'm, I'm, I'm looking at that we built something that now gives people an entry point. If you don't know about it, you haven't had any experience, this is a very easy entry point into this cultural representation. But for those of us that know, oh, it's a, it's the bat signal. It's the bat signal


Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love, and the softest coziest blankets. Whether you cuddling up after an Easter egg hunt, we're gifting a little extra comfort to someone special. Our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter from our Mickey family to yours. Happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky hug today.


That, hey, when you, when you talk about this man, I'm thinking about your plate, but your, your plate is full man. Your plate is full man at listen, your role as a musician, an entrepreneur, you a community leader, man. How the hell you balance all these different facets of your career and what the, what keep you motivated, baby, because just listen to what this is a lot. It's, It's a, it's a, It's a lot. Well, I think we, I think everybody here on this knows that God doesn't give you more than you can handle. You just gotta figure out how to handle it. Right? Yeah. Yes. I, I have an amazing support system. I have a, a beautiful, strong black woman as a wife in my corner. And the reason I've gotten this far, it's not because I know it all.


I could do it all. My wife refuses to to settle for a lesser version of me. So when she know I'm not going all the way in and not giving my a hundred percent, she'll hold me accountable. Wow. She be like, You know, you could do better than that. You know, you're supposed to be doing more than that. So there'd be a lot of times I wanna phone it in or I'd be like, man, I just wanna stay home. Now why would you do that knowing you told 'em people you was going come, You know, my wife, I, I can't, I can't do it. My wife knows. My wife believes of the, it has always believed in my greatness. And when I don't live up to it, because she talks about it, she holds me accountable. Right. Yeah. So I go out and do the rodeo and all that. The next day I gotta come home and put the trash out. You know, I gotta pick up stuff in the garage.


I gotta make sure I don't leave the kitchen light on all those things. We, we, we have moments where we are very blessed that we get to see The world and travel The world and do all of that. But every other day, man, we are a family trying to exist, making sure our children are grandchildren are okay that we got a good home that's comfortable for us to live in. You know, all I gotta do is give her a house and she gonna make a home out of, that's not even a question. See? I see. See what you, you heard what you just said, huh? Yeah. You see what I'm talking about? Yeah. Now see what I've been telling you now, but I'm, I'm, I'm trying to get him to settle down, but I'm trying, I'm trying to get him to find my wife. 'cause listen, the way you talking, the way you explaining things, it shouldn't be hard after hearing what you just said. But she gotta keep up with him though. That's the thing. Yeah. She gotta keep up with him.


He gotta find a woman that's so busy he get jealous. Oh, hey listen, we, oh, see, hey, hey, hey, hey, bond. We found one for him. She, he interviewed her not too long ago. Wait until she ain't got wait, wait till she ain't got no time for him. We gonna find out where he's staying at. He gonna try to spend that money sitting that plane, playing that vacation. Anything he can to spend time with that woman. When he start ocho, when he start disregarding things he don't normally disregard and, and them assistant start having to do things that he normally going do. Yeah. He got something on his mind. He Got, he got one, He got something on his mind. Yes, Sir. Hey, I got, I got one more question. I got one more question. This is a good one. I'm sure a lot of people in the chat would love to hear this answer because I, I definitely wanna hear it.


Who are your top five Houston rappers? Oh man. Your Top five. Yo, yo. Mount Rushmore. Now I'm just adding the fifth. I'm, I'm gonna make it five. Okay. Instead of four, we gonna start with Kay Reno. Kay Reno is the OG of Houston Rappers. He's the, he's okay. He's the, he's the height, he's the epitome of what Houston Raps Foundation should have been built on. So we had the right OGs to start it off for us. Obviously Scarface one of the, not just one of the best writers in in rappers in Houston, but just, I mean, arguably the best storyteller that hip hop has ever had ever. My dog. Very few people I think only Tupac can really evade it.


Convey emotion through words. Yeah. On a rap song. And the way that Scarface does when Scarface talks about death, you feel that loss when he talks about, oh man Friends, You know? Yeah. Phrase has a song called Suicide. And I'm talking about, I had never heard a song about somebody delving into the psyche of somebody that they thought was okay but wasn't okay. And then you start to question making sure you are okay like this. So the depth of Scarface writing talents and mentality man, have been criminally underrated in, in The world of hip hop. I think number three, you gotta go Willie D and Willie D has been a fo Oh, Willie d, Willie D is the prototype.


Like yeah, Willie D is the type of person that when you think of a Houston rapper meeting one in the dark alley, Willie D is who you project me. You know, that's somebody that You know, has stood on all 10 toes constantly, consistently, and still does. The fun thing about watching Willie D one, he loved the culture just as much as he always had. And two, yeah. He bought that just as much as he's always been. There's certain things that you can, you can count on. And Willie d being about that life is absolutely one of them. He still leads by example and he still makes us proud to be from Houston and knowing that, You know, whatever you say in this world, you better stand on it because with some people it might be a fight with it.


Right. You know what I'm saying? Number four. Number four, I might have to go out on a limb here, man. I may have to go out on a limb with this one. I don't know how everybody's going to feel about this, but I think Gangster Nip and may be one of the best rappers from Houston. And I'll tell you why. The only reason that people really didn't get into Gangster Nip is because of the subject matter. He did a lot of horror core, You know, he wrote stuff for Bushwick and a lot of his stuff was Bushwick. A lot of his music existed in this, in this world of horror and gore and all of that type of stuff. Friday the 13th, Jason, all of that type of stuff that it, but his flow in the, in the mid nineties, in the early nineties and mid, I mean, it was some of the best rapping I've ever seen and done in my life.


And number five, I'm not gonna put Pimp Pimp because I feel like Pimp supersedes a lot of things in this argument. I'm gonna go with Killer Calon. Okay. I don't think anybody wants to be the best rapper in Houston more than him. I don't think anybody takes the art of lyricism as serious as he does now. We got people that got a lot of motion. Max. So got motion. Yeah. Megan has got motion, Travis, OT Walker. There's a lot of people from Houston, young Artists up becoming talent that got art, that have motion and have fan bases and, and, and really making major moves. But when we talk about just rap, rapping, like right rapping and like looking in, in the motherfuck face and, and meaning what you say when you rap this stuff, I don't think anybody conveys that more to Killer Kaeo.


I think Killer Kaeo could potentially be the best lyricist to ever come out of the city of Houston. He just got a, the problem is he got too much respect for his predecessors. And I feel like in some form or fashion as a competitor, at some point you can respect the goat and still want to beat the goat at the same time. Right. I like it. We gonna get you outta here on this one. For him to wake up one day and say, man f all that man F, bun B and all of them, I'm going for the top. And that's when it'll get, that's when it'll be the best. Von we gonna get you outta here on this one. Which Houston team are you most excited about this year? Your Cougars, your Rockets, your Texans, or your Astros? Now that's a great question. That is a great question.


It's always easy to be excited about the Cougars. 'cause then at this point, that's a program that does this right? As far as basketball, that men's basketball team does this at this point. They're one, they, they've gone into the last four marches being heavily favored. They've made it to the, to the eighth at least two, three times. I think I know the last two years for sure. I think they got a great chance of going all the way to season. So, okay. But that's, at this point with that program, that's to be expected. These Astros are going through transition, right? We, we lost Bregman. That was a hometown hero. We love Alex Bregman. You know, as we lost Korea, we lost a couple other guys. But we're bringing in, we always bring in young talent. That's been a great thing about this Astros organization that the Cranes have always brought in.


And young talent, they draft well and they build talent up. They don't look to just go out and try to buy a player. They, they're about winning several. They're not about winning this year. They wanna win several years. They've tasted it. They know what it takes to get there and they believe they can do it. But they, they, they're still in a little bit of rebuilding right now. Lost a couple of pitchers, got McCull back, so we're gonna figure it out. Their perennial playoff team. Right. Okay. But it's gonna take more this year to get to that final step than I think it has over the last two or three seasons. The Rockets, I mean, my goodness, look at this young team. You talk young, talented, you talk about a talented young team. Tillman has done a great job of being like, You know what, we just gotta start over.


Like, it, it is, we're not one or two players away. We're a team away. But I mean, he put this, he put this team on his shoulders. The green Jalen is an amazing talent. I think he's a great leader. I think Thompson is a problem. I think he's a beast on that team. Yeah, I I I haven't got, I haven't got to him. It took a while to figure out how to say his name. It took a while. It took a while to figure out how to say his name. But the a we got the promise with that young boy and this was my bro, he, I understand that he grew up in the game of fundamentals, right. But he playing with some dogs. I watched him the other day try to do a over the behind the back pass. He almost had it.


They teach him that black top ball, right? They teach, they don't have to teach him fundamentals, You know, how to pass and all that. They teach it him black top no look passes in the paint. When he finds that step that, yeah, that boy is going to be a real problem. But I say all that to say, this team has everything in and, and man, you doka, that was the steal. He was the right coach. He's the right coach for this jump. That was the steal. And I understand why he couldn't stay where he was, but I'm so glad he's where he is, ett that the triple at the city love it. 'cause they get to see me every now and then. So the city love that. Yeah. But them Texans, man, man, them Texas, I think in two, three years, man, I think they gonna be the ones to be, man, it, it could happen in the next two years.


This team is building a strong structure. De Miko knows exactly what he wants. Yeah. The the organization isn't scared to spend the money to give him what he wants. And they're so embracive of the local culture. They do collaborations with local artists and they bring in different talent to perform at the games. They allow me to bring my burgers into the stadium. They're doing everything they can to be as Houston centric and organization as they can be. They putting the money where it needs to go. They're trying to straighten that o line. I know everybody wasn't crazy about losing tonsil, but I can understand organizationally why they feel they needed to go in another direction. I hear there were locker of room problems.


There were a lot, a ton of penalties. Right. A lot of things going on. And I just think they were growing in a, in a different direction. I think that they've supplemented the defense. Absolutely. They're probably gonna have to draft a little more to tighten up that o line because they gotta protect cj, they gotta protect CJ by all means. I like the Kirk signing, I like bringing Christian Kirk in. I think he's a fast young players, got some good talent very fast. He definitely got hands and CJ can hit him in stride, You know? Yeah. 'cause I, I knew we weren't gonna, probably weren't gonna keep digs another season. I I don't think we were gonna keep him another season. So they had to start thinking receiver, receiver, receiver Tank had his surgery. He's a young guy. I think he'll recover quickly.


I think I, I honestly think Tank will be ready by game one of a 25, 26 season. But I think the Texans are a team that everybody has gotta circle their calendar dates when they play that team, that defense is only getting better. I'm, I'm curious to see what the new OC is gonna do. I think that's gonna be the big test, right? Is, is what the new OC is gonna be able to, to create with, with cj. But at least they won't be as predictable in year two as they were in year three, as they were in year two because year one was a lot of surprises. Year two, they pretty much tried to replicate the playbook and people saw it a mile away with a new oc. I think there's gonna be a new approach. I think he's gonna find a better way of working with these new offensive lines.


I feel positive about what we are doing as a team. So I I would put it in that area. I would say Cos rock, cos Astros Rockets in Texans Four to one. Yeah. That, Hey, triple OG, bun B bro, thank you for joining us. Congratulations on everything. The Trail Burger franchises, the, the rodeo, your big staple in the community, what you do to uplift your community. We appreciate you. We salute you here at Nightcap. Thanks for joining us. We'll see you down the road. Absolutely. Thank y'all for doing that. Drop for the rodeo for me last year too. Yes, sir. You know, good success. We gonna find some space to put y'all in that trail town next year. Come bring night. I Appreci that. Matter of fact, the people, Not only, Hey, not only that, let me perform, You know, I can sing now.


I I I think we breaking up. Yeah, we are. Bring up Night og. Appreciate that. I love y'all man. Thank y'all brother. Thank you bro. Ocho take off for a little while. I gotta use the bathroom. Oh, you gotta go. You gotta go the bathroom. Hey Jack. Hey Chad. Let listen to me chat real quick. Listen to me, what y'all think about me, Adam Rodeo in Houston next year performing. Now there are many things I can do. I could dance, I could sing, it could be gospel r and b, I could do hip hop there. There's so many different things I could do. So I think me being a part of the Houston Rodeo, even though I have no, I have no connection, I have no wifi, You know, to the hook, the Houston culture.


But they are accepting of me because I'm very likable. I'm very lovable. And I think me being a part of that, that that culture and what they have going on, it's a 21 day event. I could be part of all 21 days. You know, they got country, I know country music. I can line dance, You know, I can dj like, there's so many facets to that that I can be part of when it comes to the Houston Rodeo chat. Lemme know what you think, lemme know what you think outside of that. I'm excited. I'm gonna just tell you about my weekend. I don't know what y'all have planned coming up, but tomorrow I'm flying to New Orleans. I'm flying to New Orleans. I'm going, I'm going back to the Mahalia Jackson Theater in New Orleans. I'm going to see Alvin Ailey dance company.


I'm not sure about how many people in the chat know about Alvin Ailey dance company. I'm a huge, huge fan of the arts and dance movies like Mulan Rules movies like Chicago. I've, I've been a huge fan of Alvin Ailey and Judith Jameson, former artistic director, Robert Battle, who's a friend of mine. I don't think he's artistic director anymore, but I'm going to see them. I'm very, very excited. Anybody in the chat, if you've never seen Revelations, if you've never seen all the pieces, the Revelations by Algon Neely, I, I, I implore you to watch it maybe tonight on YouTube so you get a better understanding why I am flying all the way to New Orleans to make sure I catch them, to kiss them live on stage.


I'm excited due to Covid, I haven't been able to see 'em and in what, three, four years whatev, whatever it's been. So I'm really excited about that. That's my weekend. I wish I could see what you guys are doing this weekend. And that's pretty much it. That's pretty much it. I'm excited for the rest of the run show tonight. I don't know what we're gonna talk about other than that. That's it. Chen cam, Chan cam. I just wanna say hi. Hi to everybody, everybody in the chat. I love you Ash. Hi. Hi Ash. Thank you for allowing me to, to leave the show while uncle uses the bathroom. And if he comes back too fast, that means he didn't wash his hands.


Hi Jacob. Hi Nikki and Marv and Alexis and, and, and Christian and yeah, that's pretty much it. Hi, Boost Mobile. How you doing? Hi Doug and Ryan. Who else? Hey, to all my exes. I'm sure y'all probably watching. I'm sorry things didn't work out and yeah, that's pretty much it. So Chad, what else? What y'all wanna talk about? Oh, you want me to sing? Oh, tell me what song you want me to sing right now. Tell me what song. Wait, wait, wait. Won't they take away our, our monetization? No.


Oh, so we're, we're free and clear. Okay. Gimme a song right now. Ash, I'm gonna, I'm gonna blow right now. Never too much Luther Band draws. Okay. Lemme know when you're ready Ocho. Okay, hold on. Never too much. Never too much. Never too much. Never too much. I can't fool myself. I don't want nobody else to ever love me. You are my shine. Hey bro. What I tell you about second this off my God in life, my love, my fantasy. They're not a mix. Hey, our date, Huh?


Bucky Brooks interview Shado Sanders during Big 12 Pro Day today. Bucky asked Sha, I ain't Gonna interrupt my song. Bucky asked Shado about the draft process so far also about what's essential, what he's essentially been a smear campaign against him. His answers what you expect from time Son. It's definitely a learning experience. There are a lot of things that aren't in your control. And just getting the knowledge from your dad and your just coach, family, friends and everybody, You know, that's supporting me and helping me through this process is extremely important. And I'm thankful that I have the, those resources we always understood block out the noise even from, from Jackson State and Colorado. It's a lot of critics, it's a lot of hate, but we know what to do.


We know how to handle that in every way so we remain happy. What do you, what, what do, what do you take away from what Shado spoke to Bucky Brooks about today? Listen, prime is prepared, should do it for this day for a very long time. Monk and he had the right person on his corner who also had to endure the same type of negative negativity in general from the media based on his style of play, the way he approached the game. Things that had nothing to do with his play, would always used it against him. Shadu understands that. He should understand that because everything they talk about has nothing to do with the game of football.


It had nothing to do with what he was able to do at Jackson State. It doesn't talk about him winning at Jackson State. It doesn't talk about him winning at Colorado despite the obstacles he had to overcome despite having, You know, inadequate play at the O line, still being able to complete 70% of his passes. They don't, they don't talk about none of that. They talk about the way an individual carries himself, his swag, the way he talks, not about being in trouble. Nothing is talking about that ridiculous stuff. Folks showing off the watch. I mean, so what It's all about having confidence.


It's all about having belief. That's what it takes to play at the next level and be successful. The fact that they use that as a negative says, says more about them than he does Sha true. And I hope he never changes and he continues to have success in all that he does wherever he goes. You want to get a player like that, that's going to change your franchise around when someone comes out, comes out and says, I want someone to draft me that wants a player that gonna change they franchise. That's something you want in a quarterback. I know, I know. It's frowned upon a little bit to have one that's as brash and as vocal as that.


But if you look at the film, you turn the film on, You know what you get. It shouldn't be no problems at all. Yeah, I'm sure time prepared him for this. His dad prepared him for this. He's been at this, his dad has been at this for a very long time. He's been in the spotlight since his days at Florida State. Yeah. So he understands that co there's a certain level of criticism that comes along with being the guy, with being a, a good, great football player. He understands that also. It comes along with being a quarterback and Yeah. The objective is, I think the thing is, Ocho a lot of times they try to tell you what you can't do, but they never want to emphasize what you can do. Bring me a guy and tell me what he, Hey, what can he do?


Yeah. Because I'm gonna keep him away from what he can't do. That's my job as a coach, is to not put him in a situation where he can succeed. Okay. You said he he's not good. He's not good on, on a, a read option. Okay. Why would I run his own read if that's not what he's good at? I'm trying to put my players in a situation where they can succeed. That's what a coach's job is, is to put a guy in a position where he can succeed and get more out of him than the player thought he can get out of himself. It's, it's gonna be this, I I I'm glad that, You know, he's doing a great job as, as good a job, but he's not a robot O Joe. He sees this thing, I mean, he's on social media. He hears these things.


He's not a robot. He has feelings, he has emotions. And so no matter how much you're like, oh no, eventually yeah, you hear it, you hear all the negativity that that what they're saying, it does, it doesn't make it any easier. Now your dad can tell you like, Hey son, this is blah, blah, blah. But it doesn't make it easier. Ocho I ain't trying to hear that. This supposed to be one of Yeah, look, if UR is what we think he is and can and can become the player that we think he can, all that noise, that's all it is. It's just noise. It should have no impact. What somebody says about you and his dad says, what you say about me is not what I think of myself.


Yeah, absolutely. I, I just hope, I just hope he has the mental fortitude not to let it bother him. The fact that he's already been through it for so long and he has prime as his father, I don't think it will. Because You know, a lot of people when it comes to the media and the media jumps on you and they talk about you. Sometimes it gets to certain people. It does. But I think, I think Shado is built different. Prime has been built different. So I think he has a great understanding to ignore it, to block the noise out. And when his time comes in April, wherever he goes, he shows up and shows the, You know what


out Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love and the softest coziest blankets. Whether you're cuddling up after an Easter egg hunt or gifting a little extra comfort to someone special, our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter. From our Minky family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky Hug today,


Ocho. I'm, I'm, I'm excited for him. Man. Look At that. Hey Chad. Remember I told y'all had that right there? Throw back. Throw Back. That's the original. That's the og like triple OG, button B. That's the Triple OG iPod. That's, That's live. That's live. That's the number two version. This one holds 10,000 songs. This one holds a thousand song. Y'all remember the iPad? Touch iPod. Touch and check this out. Damn. Hey, how I, You know, that stuff might be worth something. Don't about it. Like you got And You got yours. I mean, guess what? It's supposed to be worth something with this plus 5,200.


Wait, come again. It's supposed to be this, this plus 5,200. I'm just saying all your stuff is in good condition. Like in condition you could probably get, get a good price for. Look at this OG You know what this is Ocho? That's The iPhone nine. No, that's the original one. I thought, I thought it started with number nine. Man. It started with number one. The, you talk about that did. Oh, y'all remember that? Oh, that's Crazy. Hey, and You know what you do? Put Saran wrap back in there. Pretend like it's brand new. No, I ain't getting rid of it. It ain't never been. Fuck. You Know how much, You know how much money you can get for that. I mean, iPhone, somebody probably gimme like five grand for it. 'cause it's the original one.


It ain't, it ain't, it ain't never been accurate. It ain't never been turned on. Ain't never had no phone number. Ain't never nothing. How much you said they can give you for it? Probably about 5,000. Well, there go, you go, you go ahead and sell that one. I owe you 200. No, no. They ain't got no D. It's mine. Y'all. You remember the Samsung too? Samsung? Yeah. Samsung. That's A, I don't, I ain't never had no Android. Look At it. That's the Galaxy. No, It ain't never had no joy. Oh. Galaxy note. Hey, listen, I tell you one thing. You ever text me in to turn green, I'm gonna block you. Yeah, I'm, I'm gonna block you. I got a little stuff I gotta show you all my phone.


I got about, I got about 17, 18 phones. Damn. Yeah, because I keep them, I keep them. Damn. We spoke to Marshon Lynch about leaving Seattle and to play for the Steelers. The grass is greener on the other side. Ocho Hey, excuse me. Considering the Steelers doesn't have a quarterback, right? How can he be so sure that the grass is greener on the other side? I'm not sure, but my grandma always said the grass is greener on the other side depending on who's watering it. So now you got, now you got, now you gotta hold on. Now people gonna hold onto that clip.


Now people going, they gonna go back to that clip. Now it don't matter who the quarterback is. Now there are two different type of receivers. They're receivers that need a quarterback. They elevate their play and their receivers. It doesn't matter who's that quarterback, their play will always remain at the highest level. Right. So now you get to show us which one you are, brother dk, You know, I love you to death. I love you to death. And I hope what you say is right. The grass being green on the other side Ain't a whole lot of, ain't a whole lot of wide receivers that can play through bad quarterbacks. Deandre Hopkins might be the best one I've ever seen. Oh, A quarterback carousel out this world.


And, and then, then nothing changed. Not an ounce of production. Chase Keen, Hoyer Brock Osweiler, obviously he had de Deshaun for that great stretch and he and Deshaun was great, but it didn't matter. The quarterback d Hopp put up those numbers. Yeah. Unbelievable. And, and, and, and so we're gonna, we're gonna find out, like you said Ocho, we're gonna find out if, what if dk if what? He said that the grass is greener. Because You know, look, I I think the thing is, you get upset. You spend time there, you ask for contract, they won't give it to you, but you had to go somewhere else and get it. But You know, they traded. I I, me, I don't get the trade. I don't, I don't get trading Sam, Donna.


'cause I don't believe Sam, Donna is a better quarterback than Geno Smith. That's just me personally. And then you, like, you trade Gino, you cut lock it, you trade DK right now you left. Now you bring in, and granted I think it's his, the same coach that called plays. I think Clint Kubiak is the, is the OC he was in, in his ear in Minnesota. Ocho. Right. I know, I know Clint when he was about this big, his dad was my quarterback and he is also my offensive coordinator, Gary Kubiak. But the, the decision that they made in Seattle didn't make a whole lot of sense to me. But guess what, Ocho Right. It don't need to make sense to me. It just needs to make sense to them. Do you?


Yeah. Yeah. Damn man. I, I'm, Hey, listen, I'm hoping, I'm hoping it, I'm hoping it work out and I'm, I'm, I'm thinking, I'm thinking it is going to work out. I like, I like the dynamic duo. Yeah. I like Dek and George Pickens, You know? Yeah. Two of my, Hey listen, two of my favorite crash out receivers. Well, You know, You know what's gonna happen if they don't get the ball? Oh, they gonna get it. They gonna get it from who? Arthur Smith gonna, Arthur Smith gonna make sure they get it from who they gonna make. Sure. Well, why Did he make sure, why did he make sure George Pickens get the ball last year? Hey man, listen, You know, You know they rolling, they rolling coverage to him now. It's a different ball game now. Okay. It's a different ball game. Okay. I hope you right.


I sure hope you right. Yeah. Jake Paul just called our Anthony Joshua. I will f and beat j Anthony Joshua. Come on. Come on, man. Stop. He doesn't have a chin and he has no skill and he's a stiff. Come on, come on, come on, man. I'm just telling what the man said. Don't you? I didn't say you make it seem like I called out Anthony Joshua. I know. He said, listen, listen. Yeah, listen, there, there's a, there's a certain, there's a, there's there's levels to everything. I love Jake Paul. I love everything Jake Paul has done, You know, in his own right. You know, in entertaining and, and, and finding a lane and space for what he loved to do. And the passion. The passion and work and discipline that he's put into the sport of boxing and combat sports in general.


But we talk about the elites. We talk about the elites at their craft. Yeah. It's, it's, it's, it's not gonna happen. If I'm not mistaken, I think Jake fought Ti fur brother. The closest, the Tommy Paul, the closest person to actually, yeah. Tom, Tommy. You know, Tommy, if, if you wanna challenge someone, challenge someone with the one loss you have, take take, take him out. Yeah. He too big happy Josh. Take him out big. Josh, Big, big for you. Weigh way big, big bro. You talking About two for 2 45. What, what is Jake Paul where Ocho 2 10, 2 15? He might weigh two 20. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not sure. But listen, again, I love Jake Paul.


I love what he's done, You know, in his lane in the sport in combat sports and boxing in general. But you, you biting off more than you chew, you biting, you, you biting off more than you, you can chew. Man. I, I love it though. One thing you do need in anything you do that he does have is confidence and belief in yourself. Confidence and belief in yourself. It's no different. It's no different than me feeling like I could, I could beat James, James Harrison. You know? It is, it is no different. But You can get money. The thing with Jake Paul, he brings money. I mean, yeah. You said what? 60,000 showed up at what? 60,000 watched Netflix?


Well, I mean, I don't know whether it was 60,000 at at Jerry World or how many or what. 300,000 watched Netflix. All I know Yeah. Is that he bring eyeballs and people show up to watch him fight. Maybe they show up to watch him lose, but at the end of the day, they're paying money to get into the arena. And They showing up. They showing up. Listen, he's created himself and made himself the villain. He's made himself the villain. And the fact that everybody's tuning into see him lose, he's in a great space and he's in the great lane. So what he's doing, he's doing it the right way. He's doing it the right way. Yeah. O Joe, a debate went viral on Twitter asking, should parents make their kids pay bills if they work a job?


And the response went viral, saying, I'm just gonna say it. This is a big problem in the black community and we have to stop it. A lot of parents need help with their bills. So they take the money from their kids and disguise it as teaching them responsibility. And it's actually pretty effing ridiculous. Ocho what do you think? Ah, ah, you, you, you gotta you gotta teach your kids responsibility. At some point. You have to. I think if they're staying with you after the age of 18. Now if they're saving up, I wouldn't, I wouldn't make my kids, my my kids. If they need to stay with me after the age of 18, are you saving up to get yourself a place? You have to have some sense of responsibility. I'm not gonna always be around.


So you're gonna, you're gonna have to be able to be able to fend for yourself. I can teach you how to fish. I can teach you how to fish so You know how to do it when I'm not around. Now, if I do everything for you and still coddle you and have you up under my roof And you not having any type of responsibilities, And you go out there in the real world, you're gonna be lost. We can't have that. We, we can't have that. We gotta have some type of structure and discipline and method on how things are to go as a grown adult. You have to, to Yeah. But being under my roof and making sure, allowing you to save your money and get yourself together until you're ready to go on, on your own and be an adult, start a family, whatever it may be.


I'm, I'm, I'm all for that. I'm all for that. Yeah. I mean, Ocho I, I, I helped my grandmother with bills, but it, she didn't ask me to. I just felt it was the right thing to do because I saw my grandmother struggling. I'm making money. Yeah. And so what, I'm going to continue to watch her struggle. Now she's struggling trying to put food on the table for us. She's struggling trying to put food, get clues on our back. So here I am, I got a job and it, it is, I'm not making a whole lot of money. But $10 a lot was a lot of money back in the seventies. $20 was a lot of money back in the, in the seventies. Oh Yeah. Absolutely. So, You know, I'm, I'm working two jobs. Hey, I, I mean, I re the first time I got a job, I was five years old. I was walk, walking behind the tobacco picker in the backfield.


19 73, 19 74. And from that time I started walking from walking behind the tobacco picker to carrying a row to doing that. So I'm working 10, 12 hours a day doing that. Come home shower, me and my cousin, we play basketball and then go catch chickens for another 3, 4, 3, 4 hours. So you make, I'm Making the chicken was a dollar a dollar chicken. Right. So we catching eight to 12,000 a night. That's $12. Now you only count chicken between Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. Because Friday was the last day. There is nothing going on on Saturday. So you started, so you have, so they were going to be there? No, actually Thursday was the last day.


Thursday was the last day. You didn't catch on Friday because they were off on Saturday and Sunday. Right. Because the figure that you called Sunday, they were there for the crew. The, the, the plant was operational Monday through Monday through Friday. So you called Sunday Sun Sunday, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. Then they did. And so, You know, hey, I'm bringing home $5 a day plus half a day on Saturday. 27 50 plus we catch eight to 12,000 or four nights a week. So I'm making maybe $60, but Im working a ass load of hours. Yeah. Okay. Hey, that's, You know how, Hey listen back then, You know how, how, how far you could stress $60 back. Yeah.


60. So even if, if I didn't help the ocho, guess what? I bought my own school clothes. Yeah. There ain't a whole lot of eight, nine, 10-year-old 11 year olds buying their own school clothes. Well, who else was gonna get 'em? What the hell I was working for. Yeah. I'm working, gonna hold my money. I'm gonna hold my money in my pocket. I'm watching my grandma struggle. Man. Please, I got a question. Yes. What kind of, what, what kind of clothes you wore back then? Like DoorDash? Nah, nah, nah. You know, You know Ro well, Robuck, You know, we had the tough, Tough ski I I Know about, but a then I, as I got older, lege were in. Oh yeah, okay. You had Sergio, Ringo, you did have five one.


Yeah. You Yeah, 5 0 1. Yeah. You had Levi's and stuff like eyes on. You had polo, you had dark signs. What The, hold on. Did you, did you, did you ever have a pair of rules? Please tell you had rules. I did. With a zip on the side. You know, You know what rules are, right? Kangaroos? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Walter Payton had kangaroos. Yeah. You ain't Had none of them. No, I didn't have no kangaroo. No, we had, no, we had Chuck Taylors, You know, back then Ocho. Okay. Okay. The Chuck Taylors the white. You had the, you had the, the, the highs And you had the lows, but you had 'em in all different colors. They came in black, they came in red, they came in blue, they came in green. Yeah. So, You know, you got mainly, I only had the white, I had the highs and the lows, and I got a blue, have a blue pair.


Right. But You know, Hey, You know what's funny? They go with everything. Yeah. It don't matter what you put on. You wear a black pants, you don wear what? The white pair. They go with everything. Yes, Yes. And so that for, like I said, for me, and I get it. I mean, I, I can see her point trying to teach responsibility, but I was teaching myself responsibility because my whole purpose was like, man, I've seen my grandma struggling. She working that job making $197 every two weeks. And she, You know, working in a nursing home, the very nursing home that she ended up living her final day, the last two years of her life. Nah, man, I, I couldn't in good conscience, right? I could not in good conscience have money in my pocket and then have my grandma worried about, well, oh, well I, boy, I don't know how I'm gonna pay this bill.


This, I don't know, You know, the phone, I don't know about the gas, I don't know about the lights, man, please. So me, I took it upon myself. And that is still my responsibility to this day, is to make sure my family is taken care of. Right. But, You know, hey, I, my kids and their moms has done a great job helping them understand that's your daddy money. Now, if he choose to give you something that's on him, but y'all don't know, I, I owe you an education and I gave you the best education. Right? Because all of your, for the most part, you didn't stay, but you started out in private school And you had college paid for, you got a car, you left college with no b with no debt, no student loans, no car loans. Yeah.


Now, anything I do after that, that's outta the kindness of my heart. But I don't owe you anything. Oh Yeah. Now hopefully you learned a lot from your mom and from your dad to be self-sufficient. Now, I'm not gonna let you drown. Or at least You know. No, never. That you, you, you might think you drowning. I, I let you, matter fact, I might let you take on some water. Yeah. Matter of fact, You know, my, my baby, remember I told you my daughter, my daughter at Prairie b and m, You know, she graduated, she graduated May 16th, wait, May 16th of May 17th. Remember what I told you she wanted from graduation, huh? Yeah. That, that, that gwa. So we had a conversation when I was with all the kids. I told her, I say, listen, she done made the, the dean's list, the honorables, she have made everything.


Yeah. So I'm like, well listen now, now, now what you want? Now you say you wanted a Mercedes. What is it? So I'm thinking she was gonna say gwa. Yeah. And she said, no, daddy, You know, I don't really want no gwa. I said, well, what happened? What made you change your mind? He say, I think it's too much the maintenance. I just, I just think, I just want a starter. Just gimme a C 300. I say, now we talking, now we talking. You want a, you want a white one? I could tell, I could tell them to make your, your your your interior pink, You know, with the AKA. Yeah. Stitched in the seat and all that. Oh, Joe, what happened when she gotta get rid of it? You better hope she sell it to another AKA Oh. The hell you talking.


Oh man. I know. But You know, funny, when we come to o back then, guys used to get the headline, get Gucci, get MCMI said, you better. Oh, you remember that? Yeah. Yeah, I remember that. Oh yeah. I said, well you better ho Hey, get the, get their initials black. I said, you better hope you find another dude named black that wanna buy it. Right. Because I promise you, you go back getting great cross the codes trying to sell it. Syracuse football head coach Fran Brown has a policy that his players must save 40% of their NIL checks. There. There's no way as a coach that I'm going to pay you a lot of money and then you're going to walk away from here with no money. Since during the upbringing in Camden, New Jersey, it could have been a difference in paying rent, keeping the lights on, buying food for its siblings.


What'd you think? You like that Ocho? Yeah, I like that. I like that. Because at some point, especially when you're that young, You know, kids, kids These days don't understand financial literacy. They get the money. They spend the money. They have this, they have this mindset that, that worth and value is based on aesthetics and the accessories that you purchased that makes you feel like you were greater than it makes you worth. Or it, it makes you feel special. I I I want kids to understand, especially people in the chat, there are a lot of players and athletes today, regardless of sport that they play, they feel that they have to live way above their means. They do. Based on the type of money they're making.


People in the chat, players that see this, there is nothing. I guarantee you, and I promise you, there is nothing you can buy that holds more weight or value than your name alone. No, nothing. Nothing than the name that's on that birth certificate. Because when you take all the, when you take off all that designer, all the jewelry, all the watches, that in itself is the value. Yeah, it is. And then what you going do? Your, your car, your Lamborghinis and your Rolls Royce and your your iced out wats and your chains and all. Man, that shit don't mean nothing man. Nothing. The true value. Can you get the same reaction without the car?


Yeah, without the clothes, without the jewelry. Can you still pull the same checks? That's your value, that's your real worth. Can you, can you still do the same things you do with all the accessories, aesthetics on when you don't have it on? Yeah. Yeah. Come on man. Stop playing man. Oh, Joe. See, the, the, the thing is with me, people like, I don't like money. I like freedom. Ah, freedom is what you get when you have money. Those are two different things. Money. Some people just want money. I want freedom. Hey, financial freedom is a beautiful thing, huh?


It Absolutely is. A lot of people, we, we look at, listen, we look at all the numbers, we look at at these, these huge gargantuan contracts, You know? Yeah. Still to this day, the money keeps going up. Right. Right. And one thing that has changed, when you look up to statistically, the same amount of players are still going broke. Two years removed from the game, even though the money continuing To rise. Yeah. That, that's a, that's a service. So All that's telling me the fact that nothing is changing from a financial standpoint. 'cause there's no structure and discipline when it comes to spinning. Because our mindset is, well, if you give me more, yeah, I Won't go broke. Nah, you just spend more.


But if you ain't got no financial, if you ain't got no financial discipline, it don't matter how much I give you. 'cause you just gonna keep on spinning. Exactly. The more you make, the more you'll spin. Because you are like, man, I got this, I got this, now I can do this. Hey unc, it goes so fast, UNC, man, it goes so fast before you look up, you got an entourage, you got an entourage. You, you, you, you the golden goose. You gotta feed everybody else. You go shopping now you gotta buy to everybody else something. Yes. You go to the club, you spending 40, 50,000 in the section buying bottles. You got a bunch of chicks, You know, trying to impress them for what? For what they done. Google how much you making. You ain't gotta do nothing. Your name alone gonna get you the woman you want anyway. They gonna deal with you based off a name alone.


You don't man. What, what are we doing? Hey Man, stop playing.


Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love, and the softest coziest blankets. Whether you're cuddling up after an Easter egg hunt or gifting a little extra comfort to someone special, our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter from our minky family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky hug today.


Last segment of the evening q and a Man. Hey you, you just got me hot man with that, that that little combo man. Kai Lee, man Cupcake. Mama, it was nice to see you today in Charleston. Don't drink, but I wanted to support you as well as give my soon to be ex-husband a nice parting gift. Cupcake. Mama. Thank you. That was very, very nice of you to show up and support. All of Charleston showed up. And she also said, Shannon, you and OCHO should do a cognac cigar tour. Call it cognac, swirl and smokes, curls, cognac, swirls, smoke curls.


If you guys could find the time being both being that both of you are extremely busy, we are. But I want to thank everybody in Charleston and Mount Pleasant. There was North Charleston and Mount Pleasant guys that showed up and we ran out at one place, OCHO and a lot of the people like, like hey. And I took pictures with them and I said, I apologized even though it was not my fault, right? They ended up going to the place in North Charleston and we greatly, greatly West Charleston. It West Charleston. Right West. And I really appreciate that. So guys, thank you again in Charleston, Mount Pleasant. All you guys that came up, came out and showed out. This tour's been unbelievable.


Atlanta, you were great. Savannah, you were exceptional. Baltimore, you headed it out the park. Charleston knocked it outta the park. Connecticut, Hartford, Chicago, Miami. Man. Houston, thank you, thank you. Thank you. Trey Redband, what's up? UNC Ocho, big fans of the pod, thank you for coming out in Charleston today, making it a memory of a lifetime for me and my brother. Can't wait to see y'all in Charlotte in July. Thank you. Appreciate it. Thank you for supporting. Thank you guys for coming out Bamal. Hey Shannon, I'm so excited to see you at Pool of Georgia.


Thank you so much for the cherish memory and the Tasteful liquor. Tasteful liquor. See young bro, thank you so much man. I thank you guys. I can't thank you enough for coming out and showing that level of support that you gave me today. Dr. Frankie Al Bellamy. Oh, I hope you had fun in South Carolina today. Ocho, I've been seeing your videos, horseback riding, tennis, et cetera. You trying to join Yellowstone in the US Open at the same time? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm trying to do everything. I'm trying to diversify my portfolio and do as many things as possible. Me, myself, and I said ESPN kept Kaitlyn Clark outta the top five women college ranks because of no championships and championship is a team not an individual.


Correct. Why is this still happening to her? What the f did she do wrong? That's just the way it is. I mean if you go back and look at it, what player didn't win a championship that's in the top five in basketball now? In baseball? Yeah. I mean you got Barry Bonds, but Barry won seven MVPs and I look, I don't know, I didn't see the list. So without me saying, I'm saying Stewie should be number one, right? Three most outstanding player, no, four, our most outstanding players, three college players of the year. Four national championships. She should be number one now you could put whoever as you want after that. So if you won Cheryl Miller, you want Candace Parker, you won mine more.


You want dt? I ain't got no problem with that. Hey, if you wanna throw, I don't know if y'all remember Sheriff Swoop, when she's at Texas Tech, she won the national championship, dropped 48 in the championship game and they beat Ohio State man by Katie Smith. I remember that game. She was sensational. But I don't, like I said, without seeing the list, I'm think I, I'm thinking Ocho like, You know, Candace, Maya, Moore, dt, Stewie, Shameika's, whole claw. I don't know. I'm trying to think who else could, could possibly be in there. Cooper, Cynthia Cooper, I, because I think she was on one of those national championship teams with, okay, Brianna was number one.


Candace Park was number two. Diana Tara was number three. Mile Moore was number four. Sharon Miller was number five O Joe. Without even knowing it, did I not give you the names right? Yeah, I, I like, I didn't see, didn't see, I'm just basic, I'm old enough to remember 'em all. O Joe, I'm old enough to remember 'em all. So I saw Sher Miller play, I saw her win back to back national championships and then I saw them lose to an undefeated Texas team. They beat, they, they beat the lady team, the law tech Kim EY was on those team. But Brianna Stewart, that's a no no-brainer. Breonna Stewart is a no-brainer. It's like Kareem, if you're talking about the greatest college basketball player for men, it's Kareem.


Kareem. You lost two games, three most outstanding players, three national championships. Because remember ocho, the Freshmens couldn't play back then, but Kareem freshman team beat the varsity team that had just won the national Championship championship. Yep. So the UCLA team that won the national championship team, Kareem's freshman team beat them in a game. So for basketball, it's a no-brainer. It's Kareem. Now we can go wherever you, you wanna go after that. You wanna go Jerry Lucas, you wanna go Oscar Robinson? You wanna go Christian Laettner? You wanna go Ralph Sampson? Ralph Sampson was the three time player of the year, didn't win a national championship, he only got to the Final four. So who, whoever you wanna put after Kareem.


I mean, I probably ain't gonna even fight you, but Kareem gonna be number one. Just like Breonna Stewart should be number one. Yeah. Damn. I mean, what you call them, Yukon took all the spots. They got three of the five spots. They got Stuy, they got dt, they got mild Moore. So, but can, yeah, I can see that Candace Parker two time national championship. Excuse player of the year. Most outstanding player. I ain't got no list. I ain't got no problem with the list. I ain't got no problem with the list. I don't ocho Hey, J 2 1 3. Hey Uncle Ocho, do you believe Michael Jackson would be more or less famous if he was performing during the normalization of social media?


Look, I don't know what he'd be. I just know I'd never seen anybody that enlist the response. When I see, when, look, when people start having concerts and people pass out before he performs. Yeah. When they Yeah, that's what I'm gonna say. They're bigger than Michael. Yeah. Nobody to me Then in the, it's bigger than Mike. No, you never gonna See that again. It's not, it's not even close. Not even close. Not even close. Like I said, like I said, you gotta Not Even close. I'm old. Like I said, I'm old enough to remember when he came out with Off the Wall and I think, what, 78 and then, You know, when he came out with Thriller, it was, it was game over. But what, what happened to Mike is what Ocho he couldn't get over the fact.


He kept trying to replicate Thriller and he didn't realize Thriller was Haley's comic and he couldn't, he just, I mean he had albums doing 10 million. I mean, think about it Bad was a damn good album. Off the Wall was a great album. I think Inve what, what was the Mel, remember the Time album was on, what was the name of that album? Invincible. Was it Invincible? But anyway, he, I mean, Yeah, And I ocho I, I remember we had the conversation. I said Kat Williams was my thriller. I'm not gonna drive myself crazy trying to go, trying To, trying to try to replicate and do it again.


It's Not you, you're not gonna do it. And we've had great interviews before. We've had great interviews after. And I know pe a lot of people don't like the the guest election. But hey, I believe in being diverse. I'm not gonna try to hide, You know, Hey, I liked Amber, I love, oh man, young men, young Miami playing that game. We had a great time. Yeah, but dangerous, dangerous. That was the name of it. Yes. Dangerous. Okay. Unbelievable. Unbelievable album. But he didn't like, You know, 10 me, I think. Do You know an artist would give their left arm, right arm or leg to send 10 million, 10 million copies of an album.


Listen, and we ain't talking about no streams. We talk about Hard, hard copies. People going in the store and they used To go to the store and get the, the actual hard copy of the album man or the CD or the cassette. That's different. Yeah, that's different. Not no streams where you can, you can manipulate everything. Yeah. And get bought, man, please. Not comparable. No. Danny Littlejohn said UNC and Ocho. Who's better? Shaq or Dwight in Orlando? Unc, that's a question for you. Ooh, That's close. Both went to one finals. Both got, both got swept.


I think I might have to go with Dwight. Three time defensive player of the year. And I don't think Dwight had a comparable player to Penny. See what I'm saying? Ocho? Yeah. If you look at it, but Shaq, you gotta realize Shaq didn't stay there long. Shaq was only D Shaq was there. 92, 93, 94, 9 5. He's only there four years. People don't realize that. People look at Shaq. Think Shaq stayed there. No, Shaq was there four years. 9 2 9 3 9 4, 9 5, 9 6. He was with the, he was with with Lake Show. Yes, he got, we got, he went to Lake and was a free agent.


Mm. Breaking news. Steph Curry just went to the locker room, grabbing his tailbone after a hard fall. He's out the rest of the game. And you remember was that a couple of years ago, he had that bruised tailbone injury that caused him to miss some games. He missed. I think he missed a couple of weeks because You know, they's they, they scared. They ain't got no overall, you ain't got no cushion. John Arena. What's up Uncle Ocho? I listen to y'all every morning at work. Y'all dropping wisdom and knowledge. I tried to apply to my life. Thank you. Thank you for listening.


Thank you for your support, sir. Salute Mike Brown. I saw Old Cliffs of Prime looking like Mr. Clean now he got good hairline. He up for the plug. A lot of us brothers need help. Again, Steph Curry just went to the locker room after having us a tough spill.


Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network.


Today I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharp. He is Ochocinco the Rock Runner extraordinary, the Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro, the Liberty City legend. That is him. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for your support and hopefully you'll continue to support O and Ojo here at Nightcap. Make sure you check out Shaa by La Portier. We do have it in stock and if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We will ship it directly to you. Thank you guys. For all the stops that I mentioned earlier for coming out and showing your support.


Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go check out my media company page on all of its platform, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked, the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Thank you Penny Hardaway for joining us. Thank you Triple OG, bun B for joining us. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. That concludes Nightcap. I'm up. He's Ocho. We will see you Sunday night. Thank you. The


Volume Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco Consumers


Spring is in the air. And at Minky Couture, we're celebrating this joyful season with warmth, love, and the softest coziest blankets with you're cuddling up. After an Easter egg hunt, we're gifting a little extra comfort to someone Special. Our luxury blankets make every moment even sweeter. From our Minky family to yours, happy Easter. May your day be filled with love, laughter, and all the cozy moments you can dream of. Visit us online@minkycouture.com or stop by one of our stores to find your perfect minky hug today.


Now's the time for a great deal on a new Honda. It's time to drive smarter with high-tech features and excellent reliability. Check out the Honda Civic Accord or HR-V for a limited time. Well-qualified buyers can get a 4.99% a PR on a 2025 Civic or 3.99% a PR on a 2025 Accord or HR-V. See dealer for financing details. Exclude Civic si and Ty r


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. And actor and comedian, Jack McBrayer. The most important aspect is the collaboration with people that I like, I trust are talented. That has been the most amazing gift to me about this crazy business that we've chosen. Meeting these people who have such diverse talents and you're able to create something together. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.