
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the Jets season? Look no further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast, featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Volume,


The 82 Game preseason is in the books, and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions. Terms and responsible gaming resources


Tool got him Extinction. Oh, they did it. Hold on, let me, let me go check. Lemme go check. They Keep on talking about, oh, try one more time. Nah, I'm good. Done. Yep. Four years two twelve, a hundred sixty seven guaranteed. Woo. So Tua is locked up for the foreseeable future as a Miami Dolphins four years. 212 million. 167. Guaranteed. I like it. I like it.


Hey, they need to go ahead and get something done with Jordan Love Jordan Love ain't coming in. He looking at Trevor Lawrence's money. Money. Yeah. I mean, easy. You you have to, you got to take care of him. You gotta take care of him. I mean, it, it, it's, it's a no brainer for him and just about getting the numbers right and, and understanding on not only getting his numbers right, but not cri crumpling. How do you say it? Crippling how Malaysia, how crippling. Yeah. Not crippling everyone else's that you, you know, you still have a team to run. You still have other players. That Ain't got nothing to do with me. I, I, you, you know what I mean. I know what you're saying. You see, they all, they always, they always want the athletes think about the other athletes.


Right, right, right, Right. That ain't my job. I mean, not, not in this case. I mean, I'm just saying in general why it's taken so long. The numbers have to be right. So you don't, you don't, you don't mess up what you already have going on Malawi. You know what Malawi is? Ocho Malawi? Yeah. In Hawaii? No, it's in Africa. Oh, for real? Yeah. Wait, how say it again? What's the name of It? Malawi? The Mal D. Oh, that Malawi. I Mal d. See I've been wanting the Mals. Well why, why ain't you on that? I your ass and you, me, I'm trying to find a mal.


I'm trying to find Malawi. There. It Ocho Yo Malawi? Yeah, right next to Zambia. See, I I thought you said Maui. That's why I said Hawaii. Malawi? Yeah. Okay. My bad, my bad. I, I miss, It's a Mozambique and below Tanzania. Yeah. Yeah. Chad, y'all ain't talking now. I'm getting the right talk now. Yeah, I ain't talking. Hey, hey Ocho. He say, man, I'm gonna leave a little buddy for Tyreek.


You know Ty Tyree, you know he a little tough situation right now. Oh yeah. Well you know the funny thing about it, I don't think Tyreek can going do it yet. I think he gonna wait until Chase and Lamb do theirs and then they gonna come back and visit him. 'cause at, at whenever it does happen, he still needs to, to leapfrog everybody else and still be the highest paid. Yeah. He like, oh, like, hey, he might not gonna wait that long. O Joe, you know I'm saying don't think so. Yeah, I mean, he, he can't, it ain't, it ain't gonna be that long, man. We talking about this year, The March. See CD ain't even reported to camp yet. They gotta stop Playing. He got a situation that CD doesn't have. He has a situation that, that, that Chase ain't got.


Oh. You gotta think, but he making 30 a year already. He, he, he going into the third year that he's straight. Yeah, but 12. Well, it depends. If he, if he had 12 depending on who you had the 12 from, then you good. You ain't got nothing to worry about. Well, they put, if they putting that business side in the street, they not good. Oh, yours. They put your business in the street? Yeah. I, I see what you mean? I Okay, okay. I see. I see what you mean. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was, I was, oh, look At, oh, Ma Maas, You wanna try to get out with a spell Ocho?


Which one? Do one that? I'm ready. I'm ready. Let me know. Let me know which one now. Come on. This is what I do. This is what I do. Mar Mexico. Vamo what? Mexico Ramos What? Mexico on the map. Ojo. Huh? Where Mexico? On the map Over there by California and Houston. Hey, it lit, it, it stretch. It stretched real far too now. Yeah. You know actually Suarez, you got Suarez Noga, Juarez Juarez Chihuahua. But it's directly Chi for Thunder, Texas and Arizona.


Oh. I never heard of this Fed. Federated states of, I missed it. It went too fast. Republic of Moldova. Okay. Never heard of that. Sounds They have 26 athletes. Micro Micronesia. Yeah. Micronesia. I never, I never heard that before. I had never either. But it sounds like, I mean, if I'm, I'm thinking Indonesia, I'm thinking the South Pacific Somewhere over that way. Yeah, The Republic America. I, I, I don't know. Let me see The Republic of Monaco.


Manova. Okay. I like, I like Monaco's. Did I see the drip? I see the drip Mongolia, man. They mongolias. I like the Okay. Yeah, I, I agree with you Ocho. I like Monaco. I like the guy, the guy. I like the, the skirt. I like the look. You know. Hold on. Wait till you see the brim, the whatever they wanna call him. Wait till you see Mongolia though. Mongolia been Mongolia's outfit or uniform for Olympics? Been on Twitter the past two weeks. Crazy Drip Monte, Negro Mongolia.


But you see Mongolia Drip. Nice. Yeah. That, that, that's nice. I like that. Okay. They on Noah ly Mongolia is on the top there. It is right there on the top of China. Mozambique? Yeah. Yeah. I think Team USA, they, Noah ly is doing an interview with Maria, Ms. Taylor Right now. Maria? Yeah. Maria Taylor. Yeah. So they not even on they boat yet. Uhuh.


Well, you just know the host country always goes last, don't you? So France will be the last Right. Always The host country goes last. Naia. Huh? Namibia Na Namibia. Is that what you're trying to say? Na na. Oh, that's what it is? Yeah. Namibia. Na, Namibia. Okay. Listen, you, you, you never know. Sometimes the letters, the letters are silent. So I'm just, They ain't silent. Okay. I, they Might be silent. But you said it out loud. Namibia, You never know. Naru. I had never heard of this. Lemme see.


Can I find this? Where's Naru Ash? Is that in the South Pacific? Nepal? I know where Nepal is. Indonesia, Papa, new Guinea. Nicaragua salute the Nicaragua there. Right there, there. It's Naru right there. Ocho. Look at your boy. Is that Chad again? Sur surrounded by water again. Hey Chad. I need y'all to come on now. Come on now. When y'all was killing up. I took it. Took it like, damn man. They beat your boy uncle on this one. I been on that globe. Man. Y'all better stop playing man.


That ain't in no Russia. Nicaragua Salute Nicaragua. Manuel Noriega. That's Nigeria. Nigeria. Huh? Shout out to all my Yahoo boys. Nigel. Don't say the other thing. That's, it's Nigel. Not It's Nigeria. No, it is Nigel. That was Nigeria. Unc, Nigel and Nigeria are two different places. Ocho. All right, well, I, I I mean maybe your tv This, this is Nigeria, the green, white Green. Yes. Your tv, your TV's Beyond Remember. Okay. Yeah. That's Nigeria. Yes.


You know, but they're my people. They're Nigeria. They're my, you know, they're my people. Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Me. Kama Usman. Yeah. You know, what is this Denmark, Norway? What was that? Norway? They Got a, now a, the a win Olympic speed skating ocho. Oh yeah. They had a dude named Hal called him the boss. Yo, Johann o ka Hal the boss. He could get it. Yeah. 500,000, 1500 meters. Right. He could get it. Yeah. I like that flannel he's wearing.


I'm not sure. That's LV. Yeah, it is. Yeah. Yeah. Hell yeah. They're so, them shoes, you know, they had Pharrell, who's the creative director of lv. They had something, a special event last night. I saw LeBron. I saw some of the other, some of the others attended it. Yeah. That's the lv. Hell yeah. It is. Okay. That fan probably called four bands. OCHA Chat. Anybody, anybody know who this artist is? Hell, I thought it, I, hey, I thought it was Ven Diesel. I said, man, what the hell they got Ven diesel singing for? And, and probably someone from France up that, up that way.


Probably a French rapper maybe. I can't hear, but Huh? It's Pit Bull. Nah, that ain't Pit Bull. Huh? Come on now As talking about, that's Pit Bull. Nah. Yeah. Well it be French. Somebody, Somebody talking about, nah, that's Lap Poodle. The chat is funny, Man. I did, when I first started, I thought it, I looked up, I said, man, being Diesel. Oh, his name is Mka Mka. He's a French rapper. Yeah. Hey, they, to hook me up, one of them Flannels Ocho.


Yeah. That, that thing. Nice boy. But for that price point, I'm good. You know, I can go, I, I can go right to, I can wait till it's winter and get some nice flannels from God. Why? Why? Look at Snoop, Snoop, Luke. What? Man, look here, He come out. Got Anybody say nobody has gone a bigger transformation? Oh, no. Than Snoop. Oh no. Look at where he was in the, in the mid nineties with that situation. Yeah. And he's become the world's best. Beloved. UNC has a show with, with Martha Stewart. He's one of the most recognizable faces. One of the most recognizable names in all the world.


Yeah. And what he's been able to do is nothing short of, of man. Amazing. Amazing. And he, you know what? It couldn't happen to a nicer guy. Yeah. Because you meet Snoop. I met Snoop back in, in 93 at Deon Prime. Had a celebrity basketball game when he was with the fives then. Yeah. And I met Snoop. Man, that joker, man. He's been the same from 93 until 20, 24. Some, some people just make like, magic Johnson is another guy. Magic. You, me. Magic. Magic make you feel like magic. You think Magic been knowing you your whole damn life.


He gonna ask you about your brother, your sister. How your mom doing? He gonna ask you, I mean, every time he see you, Snoop, the exact same way. Oh yeah. Legends Ocho. See, they coulda had your boy, they coulda had me and you or the Ocho step girl. Stop. Yes, honey. One foot in front of the other. I like the energy Too. Look at it at look at the Energy. Yeah. Gimme face. Gimme face. Face it. Oh Yeah. You could pull that off. Ojo. You could pull that off. I could, I could. Yeah, you could pull that off. Okay. Okay. Oh, look at that. Oh, I just love the way they stepped. I didn't wanna see a step on you.


That's it. I say, go ahead sister. You better. Hey Bitch. I thought for a second. Got oh. Nothing. No. Oh, it's raining back. It is raining bad. Are you? Hey real. These of them claws. You see that? I guess that's the new thing. Now Ocho them, them platform soul shoes. Nah, nah. She ain't, she ain't wearing that. No, sir.


You know, I'm, I'm real stylist. You know, I mean, that's, that's, that's, that's where, that's, that's where the money goes now. She ain't went. Oh, New Zealand. There we go. That's where I need to visit. Oh. Let me go get New Zealand here. I know New Zealand is there. Right there. The All Blacks The rugby team. Yeah. Aha. Shari, let's go. Mama. New Zealand. Valerie Adams, world Champion, Olympic Champ, shot putter. Oman. I think John Walker was from New Zealand.


Uganda. Uganda on the same. On the same riverboat with Oman. Yeah. I don't know what Oman is. Oman. That's lemme go on and get you let Goman. Hold on. Hold on. Lemme get in the middle. Niger. Egypt. Syria, Iran. Oman. Where? Huh? Cameroon. Nigeria. Oh, the other one. Kote. DDOV.


Hey, I found that one too. Ocho. It's near Sierra. Leon. Okay. Okay. Okay. V Gaby also. I wasn't looking for it. Pakistan, Pandora. Monaco right there. Ocho. Oh, I, oh listen, I, I, you know, I could, I could point to Monaco quick. Now Pakistan, All I can think about it is a long flight. That's the first thing. First thing comes my mind. Anytime you go overseas, it's a long flight. Hell, it's a long flight From California to Atlanta. California to New York is six hours.


Not really. I just remember, I just, I just came from San Francisco yesterday. That's six hours. Ain't nothing compared to having a goat. That's a long flight. Anything over an hour is long to me. Okay. Okay. And listen, I, I wasn't even there. 24 hours. Palu gotta be. It's gotta be in, in, in the South Pacific. Ash, Tonga, Fiji, SAMO, cook Island, French. Polynesia. Palu. Palu. I know Oman. You found Oman already? Yeah. No, I didn't find him. It's, it's by, it is, it is in the area. It's near Saudi Arabia. I just don't know exactly where I'll be.


Man, look, I got a, okay man. Ocho, I got attention of a 2-year-old man. I start looking at something and you say something else. I start looking for that. And you switch. Yeah. I be, look, I'll start looking for something else. You got Harris, Pakistan right here. Okay. Pakistan right there up in Afghanistan. Harris's, Oman. Yeah. By Saudi Arabia. Right. It's under, it's under Iran. Right above Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates. U Bingo. Ae Papa New Guinea.


Come on. USA, Fiji, Tonga, Netherlands. Oh, fem Cabo 294 athletes Netherlands. Well, they hyped too. Hey. Oh yeah, for sure. Be Netherlands, Peru, Ian, The Dutch Paru Philippines.


Philippines is beautiful. From the videos I've seen where everyone travels to the Philippines. I mean, it looks nice on Instagram, but the flight time is just too much. Right. So I just use, I use, I use Google and I use my imagination. Flight is, Is, is is long everywhere. Poland one of the greatest strikers of all time. Lewandowski. Oh, Robert Lewandowski. Puerto Rico. Yeah. Robert. Yep. Puerto Rico, Sebastian Rivera and Jasmine Camacho Quinn are the flag bearers for Puerto Rico.


That's dope. Oh Yeah. She's the reigning Olympic champion. The hundred meters. You know her brothers Robert Quinn. Wait, Robert Quinn. Robert Quinn. Robert Quinn. Robert Quinn. That's her brother. Oh, snap. That's dope. Jasmine, Portugal. Jasmine Camacho Quinn. I didn't know that. The reigning Olympic champ and a hundred meter hurdles. Portugal is up there with Qatar. Qatar has a few Athletes. Ndo, Mente, canoeing and Anna. I have no idea. Athletics. I don't know what athletics are. What is athletics? Oh, okay. Okay.


I'm trying think who Francis OB lost the closest olympic hundred meter champ to, in 2004, he lost to the American Justin Gatlin. Justin ran 9, 8, 5. He ran 9, 8, 6. Francis Olu from Portugal. Cutter Qatar, The Democratic Republic of Korea. I'm trying to, Is that North Korea? Yep. Romania. I love how they put Democratic on that thing.


That ain't nothing democratic about North Korea. About, Hey, They, they gonna, they gonna let you know now one, Hey, one, one way or another, they gonna let you know Romania. Rwanda Hotel Rwanda. Yeah. Hey, that was a Don Cheadle. That was a good movie. It was unbelievable movie. Don was great than that. Denver, east Grand Colorado guy. Don Cheadle. That's my guy.


Rwanda. Is that the U Oh, there's the USA boat. Aw man. What's that? Oh, St Kits. St. Kits and Nevis. I bet you can't find that. Yeah, you can. Where that is from St. Kits and Nevis. He was running, I think he ran like a 10 flat, a hundred meters at 40 years of age St. Oh, that, that's ne that that sound like that Sound like me? No. Oh, St. Lucia. Hey, St. Lucia's. Beautiful man. Here it is. Here is St. Kits and Nevis the Great, where that meter, where Kim Collins. Where, where area? Where is that? By what? St. Kitts and Nevis.


Yeah. It's, it's above St. Lucia. Okay. Over Grenada, Trinidad and Tobago. All of that over Anguilla. And, and that, Hey, those places are beautiful, man. Actually, beautiful Turks and Caicos is on that side too. On that side. Yeah. Yep. It's all good.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the Minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite Shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game, straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Oh, this is something I've never heard of. St. Vincent and The Grenadines. The Grenadines. Yeah. Another That must be another small island, huh? It is Haiti. There's Ha, Haiti's man. Haiti's right there Near Haiti's. Above Jamaica, Cayman Islands. Dominican Republic. Right there too. Then. Yeah. Puerto Rico, Dominican, Guadalupe, Venezuela, Columbia, Panama, Costa Rica, Nicaragua, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras, Belize.


Who up? Who up next? Where we at? The Solomon Islands. Oh, Solomon Islands. That's Will, oh, Samoa. Samoa. Samoa. They're sharing Samoa right here. Ocho. Samoa and America. Samoa, the Solomon Islands. ocho, American Samoa. I mean, I assuming They're all, see, I know you keep on talking, but you more important things out sooner. You call them out. You ain't stand up about that. No. But you know exactly where they at. You call about, I go find them.


But Someo, some Someo and America samo are easy to find. They right there in Hawaii. Actually did not Where They at, but you know, you call your boy blood, all you gotta do is gimme something and I'm gonna sniff it out. Hold on. Where they at in Hawaii? Hold on, hold on. Lemme get no ocho. Yeah. Some Sam America, Samoa, this Australia, America. Sam, Sam, the us you gotta, and all these South Pacific Ocean American and close.


Yeah. Jack, I don't, no, see, I don't know about America. Samo. I'm talking about the other Samo America. Samo and Samo. They both right There. Yeah, they right there. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Way. The North Pacific Ocean Way. The South Pacific Ocean. Yeah. Ain't, ain't nobody told me about that. Yeah. When I, when I think of, when I think about my fellow Samoans, I just think they close it to Australia than they are the US Us. Okay. My bad. My bad, my bad. I just listen. S she, oh yeah, I know about the S Shells. That's another history lesson for me. Yeah. What we got Serbia. Okay. We know Nico Yoic, Novak Joko Bitch Team USA update.


Oh, it's pouring down LeBron and Coco Golf. Say she do your boy off the coast of Africa. Your boy going there. I'm gonna be booed up within the next year or two. Yep, sure. Live Sierra Leon. You gonna be booed up with who? Ain't no telling. You ain't got no candidates. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, you okay? You got some candidates. But we gotta go to the convention, you know, right now look at LeBron because you know, right now, you know you got a lot of candidates. You know what I'm saying? Before we get to, we get to the nominee. You know I'm Republic. Yeah, yeah. Right. Okay, okay, Okay, okay. You know, Nick Haley dropped out. Scott dropped out, you know? Right, Right.


Yeah. Okay. I like that. Yeah. Really? LeBron got on that ap. See keeping, he keeping, keeping that white, keeping that, that off White. That, that, that, no, that's, yeah, that's off White. Slovakia. I like those shirts. Oh, who is that? In the middle. They hype. Who that? Slo? Slo. Slovenia. Oh no. Slovenia. Man. They lit Luca from Slovenia, But they litvin There lit.


I don't think the team made it. That team got put out. So he's not, he's not, I mean, Luca is from Venia, but his team got knocked out so they didn't make the Olympics. Okay. Somalia. Hey, that, that powder blew Somalia. That's, that's beautiful, man. Somalia, I don't know when I think Somalia, I don't know why. I thought You don't be, think of Somalia. I think about Captain Phillips. Hey, that was a good movie. You remember Captain Phillips? Yes. That was crazy. Look at me. Look at me. I'm the captain Now. Hey, that was That federal?


That Was a submarine, right? It was submarine. That guy was, it was a ship. Actually. He's in a federal prison in Ter Haute, Indiana. Okay. Who, who was that? Sudan? No, Abdulah Butcher was from Sudan Real? No, he's from Florida. Oh. Oh, there go South Sudan. Yeah. Obviously they normally have great track and field runners. Yeah. They have 14 athletes. Is that Normally normally distance? Normally. Normally, normally, you know something 800, 1500 on the, yeah.


Sri Lanka. Lanka. I could have swore, I thought that was Sweden. Maybe I'm wrong. That's south. That's South Sudan, right? Is that what's up there? Yeah, the first one. Yeah. Okay. I was right. What Ebra Ebra hemo hundred. 126. Athletes Strong Got six, I think. I think us took the most, I think we took over 500 athletes. Yeah. Yeah.


Ho hopefully we can, hopefully we can dominate in all, in all respect. Cap Race. Well, we're favorite. I mean, we're favorite. I think Draft King sets the odds. I think we're favorite to win the most goals followed by China. Normally the home team, the home co, the home team. Ocho, you normally get a bump in metals. Right? But I just don't know if, if France, No, Nah, Nah. Oh, this is a good one. Surname. You know where that is? Surinam surname? Yeah. Sur. Yeah. Sona. I just told Anthony Nesty, he won the gold medal in 84, if I'm not mistaken.


I think he beat Matt Beyondi and the Hundred Meter looked that up. Anthony Nesty. He's the head swimming coach, diving coach. I think he's the head swimming. I know he is the head swimming coach at the University of Florida. Currently at Florida. Okay. K. Caleb Dressel Cater Ledecky now trains down there. Right. Florida always has a powerhouse swim team along with Texas. But if I'm not mistaken, Anthony Ty, he was the first. Hmm. Oh, that's nice. And you remember the, the Butterfly and Silence of the Lambs would kill Bill. He had those butterflies. He got 'em from Sarana.


Ah, okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. You Know when Clarice styling that old offer of Jack Crawford, That Jack Stan Crawford sent me a trainee. Chinese, Chinese, Chinese, Taipei, Taipei, Taipei. Let's see here. Did we look that up? Anthony Ne, United Republic of Tanzania.


Suli Buie. Huh? Who? No, he ain't go to no cheer today in Tobago. He swam for Sierra. Now, Who Did he swim for? Hey, Chad, the country. Chad. How many athletes we got? Let's go. Yeah, let's go. Yeah. He won the Olympic goal in the hundred meter butterfly Ocho in 1984. You know about that Butterfly, man, you gotta Ocho, it's your boy. You can't swim. Man.


Mary t Maher, they used to call her Madam Butterfly. Right? And that's girl. She was good girl. Obviously Michael Phelps. We know Mic the Great Michael Phelps. Oh yeah. Legend. When he out touched Clo Claw South that he out. He nipped somebody. What you mean Cheche me? Is that what it is? I don't know. Mine is on Thailand. Didn't he beat beyond that? I think he beat Matt beyond in 84, if I'm not mistaken.


I think he beat Matt beyond in 84. That's bothering me. I thought that. I thought that was Kanye at first. Oh, this is another place I've never heard of. Toor List. Maybe Timor Listy. That's new. That's new for me. Beyondi, he beat band beyond in 88. Togo. Togo. I'm assuming Togo is somewhere. They had five athletes somewhere in Africa. T Timor less Tim.


Hold on. Tim used to be, I guess it's got its independence. ocho, because Timmer used to be a song country. I mean, Timur, I guess they branched off Togo. Tonga. Hey, Tonga, Trinidad and Tobago.


Otto Bolton Otto was from Trinidad and Tobago. He absolutely is. Okay. Okay. That's dope. That's dope. I never, I never knew that. Another history lesson, The great UCLA brewing. Turkey. Turkey has a lot of athletes. Turkey got some, they got some lifters for your ass. Ocho. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They got some weightlifters. Think Tunisia and Turkey altogether.


The Turkey, you know, they're known for the whirling, the whirling dervish. When you see them spinning, they're praying they can spend, they can do this for hours Ocho, and not be drunk. Just spin without getting dizzy. When you see that, the dizzy nauseous, that's where they, that's where they, that's the Orleans Dervish Turkey. They're praying. Right. Listen, that tur, I, I spend two or three times. Oh yeah. I'm a fall. I'm a Fall. Absolutely. Boy, you in that thing like a whirling dage. We ain't know what that means. We just saying it until you get older and actually understand what, like, damn, what they meant is that, bro, you all over the place.


You staggered around Turk ine Turk Turk ton. Okay. I see. I think that's a Damn, I, I guess every, they said, hold on. We gonna make sure the USA is where it in, because we don't want y'all to go click, because we already know what y'all gonna do. Soon as y'all see the Americans, y'all Gonna, y'all gone? Yep. Turkmen. You Wanna spell that? Ocho What? Ton.


T-U-R-T-U-R-K-M-E-N. Man, stop looking down in the thing and look at Turk. Stan. T-U-R-K-M-E-N-I-S-T-A-N. No, You Talking, it's what I do. No, it's what I do. That is Right. The Ukraine, Uruguay, The world record high jumper. She just broke the, but Lena Tennis, but the high jump world record, she just broke a, a record that's, that's still for damn near 30 years old Joe.


Yeah. Six, 10 and three quarters, Nigga. Shari, Uruguay. Not Uruguay. It's Uruguay. I knew I too, I knew I too. Gub, Gub, Shaka. Shari, Shari Richardson. And as, hold on, I gotta use the bathroom. I just saw that du that's over here in one of these little tu right there.


Y'all know I be on the globe. I be on the globe hard fellow. Y'all know what I do. I don't know why y'all been playing with me, Venezuela. Y'all know I be on this. Yeah, you probably right. Somebody say us probably second to laugh. Yeah. Because they know y'all about to click. I, I, I think there are like the US and there are some other countries that offered the Ukrainian athletes an opportunity to train without, you know, repeatedly being bombed by the Russians. So that was nice to all the countries that participated.


I think the US took some, I think they went to other countries and train so they could fulfill and live out their Olympic dreams. So kudos to all those countries that took in the Ukrainians. That's obviously, we know what their country is going through. They're having a war, the British Virgin Islands. And so kudos to those countries that took those Ukrainian athletes in and let give 'em an opportunity to train. Oh yeah. Yemen, Vietnam. I know where that is. I'm starving, Bro.


Oh, so you remember the, the two, the groups that were fighting in the Hotel Rwanda? Oh, no, no. I, it is been so long since I've seen it. Seen it. It was, it was, it was the Watusi and the Hutu. How do you remember that? Or you just looked it up? Nah, you don't, you don't just remember that Out there. We used Hey, because the darker skin, we used to call your black watusi. That's what we used to call people. We had no idea what it meant. Had no idea. Right. We heard somebody else say it. They passed it, it down passed. We passed it down And. we just kept it going. And then I remember watching the movie and my sister, she, and she was like, I didn't, Zambia. I had no idea. Did nobody had no idea. Ain't nobody know nothing about no, no wander way back when I was coming up.


I'm in the seventies. Right. You remember you saw the movie The Last King in Scotland. I did. That Mean, that's a, that's another good one. That's another good one. Far Forrest Whitaker played that, that character to a t. The Ugandan. The Ugandan Ziba. How on, since when does Z comes before you? In what dictionary? What language is Z Before you? I but we, you, you, you said it yourself and which why they have it in us. You got Australia, so you went from Z to A. Y'all just Hey.


there we go. Us let's go baby. 594 athletes. Yeah. Come on. 20. Where they lit in the rain? Don't even care. Nope. They got the whole, they probably got, We got the whole bowl. We might need two bowl. Look at that. That thing took a pathway. Now, that last bowl to me, Ken Hart, lbj. There you go. Coco, Let's go. Man. If I drop my phone to that water, I'm diving in to get my phone. Hold. Hey, hold that phone. Hey. Nah, you, you ain't, you ain't gonna see that nighttime.


But I'm getting my phone And the water murky too. You might look that Up. Iky water. Oh, he look at Assassins Creed. Finally made it. Hey, Ocho, the only way I now, Hey, your girl asked for your phone. I just throw it in the water. Look at this. That thing. Height? Yeah, bro. You been running for like four days? Look at that. Oh, where's Buddy going?


Oh, this is dope. Where is this at? This is not in Paris. I know that. Yeah, it's, oh, Tahiti. No, now you'll see. Wait, wait till it. That's where the soccer's at in Tahiti. What, what? They got something playing in Tahiti. They They gonna show you right now. Surf. Yeah, they got surf. I knew they had something in Tahiti. Ocho. Okay. But surfing is in Tahiti. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay. Oh, that's live Man. How on That's all. Y'all show that little bit of, nah, y'all, y'all did the US wrong. Hey, what? That was good. I mean, it Show like two seconds.


It's too many of us. What, what, what? Want Show? They gotta stay on there for a little while. Now listen, we, we already gonna, we already going. I'm not saying we, we gonna dominate. We, I'm Not gonna, we gonna win the most gold medals to make a long story. We win the most gold medals, but hell, we should don't. Yo, we got, we got the, we got the most money. We got the most athletes. We got the most advanced country. We should Wait. Is that France? No. Or am I tripping? Huh? I think that's France. Or maybe I'm wrong. No, We got 5, 9, 6. Yeah, we got the most. Nah, do we have 5 96?


5 94? I think 5 94. Okay. I think that's France. France got the second most. Because normally it's, normally it's normally US or China, US or Japan. Somebody like that. Yeah. France got a big boat. They self, yeah. China Done come. Oh yeah. Is that friends? Yeah. We gonna put something on. We got something for y'all. French. Yeah. They gotta be there. And that's that. Their boat is huge. It looks like they have more people than us. It looks like it. Or maybe 'cause they have a bigger boat. Yeah. Where did that come to Brent?


Come that man. We might have 700 by time. By the time the Olympics come to LA in 28, don't you? So Paris had had the summer game, the 1,924. And now we've had it. We've had it what? 32 84? Go get it in 28. Sydney's gonna have Melbourne. I think it's going to Brisbo. So they get it in 32. They had it in oh four. Nah, they had it in, they had it in 2000. And they had it again. They had the summer Olympics again in Melbourne. It was in Melbourne first. Maybe 64. Nah, 56.


56. It was in Melbourne. 60 was in Rome. 64 was in Tokyo. 68 was in Mexico City. 72 Munich. 76 was in Montreal. Montreal. 56 was right. It was in Melbourne. ocho. You see that OCHO when I plug that computer in? Yeah. But I mean, When I plug that computer in Ocho, I don't like to plug the computer in because he all, he think he know it all. I don't know everything. I know a little bit about everything. Yeah, but see, this is the thing, the thing that you're talking about or we're talking about right now, you were able to witness and you experienced. So it's easy to remember because you're not old.


You ain't got dementia. First of all, I wasn't alive in 56. Okay. I wasn't alive in 60, 64. And I was, I was born in June of 68. So in Mexico City, I didn't know nothing about that. And I don't remember Munich and I don't, I remember Montreal in 76, right? But my first memory was getting boycotted in when President Carter, they, boy, they boycotted the Soviet because of the invasion of the in Afghanistan. Oh, it's pour down. Hey, they're soaking wet. They're interviewing. I don't care. I'm not sure who that was.


They were interviewing That was right there in that camera, in your monitor. I know who that is.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else straight from the stores. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders, your loyal viewer of the show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, One of my very favorite shows. We, We appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Yeah, that's what I'm talking about In America. Get USA. Oh, they talk, they must be talking about Anna Hall because they talking about Jackie Joy. Sey. Anna Hall. She's from Colorado. Oh, that's who that is? That's Anna Hall. Maggie. That's, that's Anna Hall. The the pin. What is it? Helon? It Was, that's Helon. They have several, right? Okay. Yes. Whitaker, that's 800 meter runner. That's Anna Hall.


She's from a, a suburb, suburb, sub suburb of Denver. She went to the University of Florida. Nice. Max Holloway. I mean Holloway. What's the, the coach at Florida The Flamingo. Max Holloway. The Flamingo? No, no, no, no. The track and field coach at the University of Florida. Oh, I don't know Mike. Yeah, Mike Holloway. Oh, thank you. She left. They did. Oh man. Her husband passed. Okay, boy, the US leave it us that we want one thing we know how to do now.


We can't do nothing else. We gonna party. You wanna party, Party turn out. Yeah, for sure. Y'all, I tell you what, y'all better not let me be the first one to win no gold medal. I ain't, you know, Ocho, you win the gold medal. They, they like senior home. Oh no, I ain't going nowhere. No, at all. I wish I might, man. That's gotta be an unbelievable feeling. No, Joe, Man, listen. I mean, I could, I can't even put into words what it would be like to be in a position like that, playing a sport where, for one, it's an individual sport that I'm doing and I'm representing my country.


I mean, you think about eight what? 7 billion, 8 billion people in the world. 10,000 athletes. You, one of the, you, I mean, I don't even know what that percent is. Yeah. 0, 0 0 0, 0 0, 0 0 0 1. Unbelievable. Oh yeah. I'd be hype. I be a ain't no, I might have done jumped in the water. Ain't no about, I don't know.


I don't know what's in that water. I ain't, I ain't doing that Uhuh. Man. The, the mayor swam in it. He did. She did. Man, look at ooh Ocho. Look right there. Look at the, look at the eye. Look at the iPhone tower right there. Ocho. You got the ring? Oh yeah. That's dope. That's loud. Come on. Come on over here girl. Let's go. How many, how many people you think done got proposed to in front of the Eiffel Tower? Oh man. Countless how? I mean, countless, countless proposals in front.


How many of 'em done got divorced after gotten being proposed to in front of the Eiffel Tower? Probably 80% based on statistics. That's dope. Yeah. Hey guys. Hey Laney Ray said, Hey guys, loving day for a change of pace reminders. Which events are you most looking forward to? Hundred 200. One hundred and two one two. Mens and women. You know what, throw the 400 in there too. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We got some. Throw The four. Throw the 400 in there and the four by one. Yeah, but mainly that 100, 200. Ain't nothing like that. 100, 200 Because the fastest man in the world.


Yeah, the fastest woman in the world. World. You get to hold that for a whole until the next age Olympics. And I know world championship, but no, the Olympics, it goes Olympics. The world championships, you know, obviously you got Diamond League meets, but the Olympics, that gold medal, it only happens once every four years. And before they brought the world championships in 1983, that was the first year. Because what they, they like, we need to have something on a global scale scale other than just once every four years. Right? So in 83 they took the world championships to Helsinki. So in 80 you have the Olympics Boycott America. Then you had 83, you have 85, I mean 84, you have the Olympics, then 85 you have a off year, right?


87 worlds 88. Again, you're right back at the Olympics. So to be the, I mean obviously to be the, that says, I'm the world fastest man. I'm the world's strongest man. Whatever the case may be. Batting itself 8 billion people. Man, I'm outta 8 billion people. Man. You couldn't hit me in the ass with a red apple. I'll be all y'all, you two man, you couldn't man. Yout tell me nothing though Joe. Listen, We already one of the best in the world at what we do anyway. Yeah, for sure. But to say you are the best, like the single one individual at a Pacific craft that you've perfected.


But countless hours. I ain't de oh Joe, I ain't dependent on nobody else. I might get tired. It might be a substitution. Right? Or you know, I might have a bad leg. And you know, it might be a situation like, I don't know if you remember 88, but if you remember the Russians were beating us when they got the baton, when Flo Joe hand the baton off to Evelyn Ashford. We were behind. Yeah, Evelyn Ashwell went crazy. The same thing happened in nine. If I think it was mistaken, it was 92, right when Gwen Torrance walked her down. But to say I'm number one, or Noah Lyes or K Shane Thompson or Sheika Jackson or Shakar Richardson or Shelly Ann, whomever the case may be, I'm just throwing names out there.


I'm not saying he or she gonna win. Right? But I'm saying to say if I'm the best At that time, and you can, you can't unsee that until another four years. Nah man. Nah, nah. That's dope. But see, here's the thing guys. Y'all keep saying no lives isn't fastest because Shane Thompson, it does not matter The times. Yeah. The times don't Matter. 'cause think about everything. For the most time until Usain Bolt came along, O Powell always went With the fastest time he didn't win. Mike Powell is the world there. It says 1968. There only can be two men that says I am. I held the world record in the long jump.


Bob Beman, when he had that intergalactic leap in 19 68, 8 90 meters. And Mike Powell, Mike Powell will never beat Carl Lewis in the Olympics. He broke the record in 91 at the World Championships. So they had the 92 Olympics and the 94 Olympic and the 96 Olympic. And Powell couldn't beat him. So even though he has the world record, he's not thought of as the greatest long jump for all time Carl Lewis is because he has four goals. He won 84, 88, 92, and 96 Usain Bolt. People think Usain Bolt is, is the greatest because he did it on a big stage every single time, Every time.


Had he not got disqualified in Daegu, he was gonna win another goal. He was gonna win the hundred meter that he gotta disqualify Yohan Blake one. But it doesn't matter what your autumn fast times, it doesn't matter how high you jump, how much you lift. Can you lift it that day? Can you, it counts. Run that fast time that day When it counts. We see how many times Ocho we see a guy, a quarterback he throw for 500 yards one week and the next week he throw for 200. It don't matter you going home. So if you don't run these times, if you don't run this time or you don't and you gotta, it's rounds. So now all of a sudden Ocho you know, you got the opening heat and then you got the quarter files, you know, sofa, you gotta run rounds.


And then, and I think, I think people need to understand the pressure that comes with this too. This ain't just your normal races. We, we, we, we not in Oregon, we not at pin relays, we at the Olympics. It's a different ball game. Yeah. And what you're not running, You're not running in your home country where you're comfortable. You're not in Jamaica. Nope. You know, in your environment. Nope. Those are different ball game. So many different factors come into play And to run rounds. That's what see, people don't realize what makes Usain Bolt and put it in perspective, you know, you could have a meet where you have, like, if you were like a, a 800 meter runner, or you are a 1500 meter runner, whatever the case may be, you could have rabbits and you just running Usain Bolt a lot of times when he broke the world record.


Right. He did it in rounds. It wasn't no, just no one race. Right. So think about he got rounds in those legs and he ran 9, 6, 8. I still believe had he not celebrated in Beijing that time might have been, that might have been as close as we ever gonna get to see somebody running sub nine five. He, he pulled, he pulled up, he pulled up a little bit. That would, if, if, I just wish, that's the only thing. And I don't, you know, I just wish he'd have ran through that tape like he did at the world's the following year. Right. Because I know that time, that time would've been out of this world world.


And so for him to run rounds and to run a world record at the end of those rounds, it's crazy. It's crazy. Oh yeah. I'm not saying k Shane Thompson didn't run rounds at Olympic trials, but was this the Olympics? Was this the Olympics? Yeah, I think, I think they're, they're, they're missing the Point. You're confusing the two. I've seen a lot of guys win their Olympic trials. I've seen a lot of women win their Olympic trials. The question is, what made you sang great is that you saying answer the bell.


Every single major meet Edwin Moses went, Edwin Moses had 110 Ra a race winning streak. ocho Yeah. Carl Lewis went 65 meets and didn't lose a long jump At all. So the question is, and I'm not saying K Shane Thompson won't win, but there's a whole different ball game when the world is watching. Not just Jamaica. Y'all understand that. Y'all understand it, y'all, they know what you're, They know what you're talking about. They just wanna be argumentative. Yeah. But It's, it's, it's great to see that.


We've seen it. I mean we, we've seen guys ocho, oh they ran great times, run great leading into it. We see guys be great leading into the Olympic trials. It it's just like bodybuilding. And I tell people this all the time that I said, everybody looks good standing by themselves. The question is, Ocho, come on now. Can you peak prejudging when they ju can, can you be ready that day? I've seen guys look great on a Friday and look horrible on Saturday. I've seen guys look great on Sunday and look terrible on Saturday. The question doesn't matter. It doesn't matter about anything else. What you may have done or what you thought you could do that day is the only thing that matters.


That's it. So everybody understands that They are they still dancing? They still dancing. Don't Joe, They gone. I I gotta still move like that too. You Move like what? Like that, I mean, buddy looked just like me with the blonde hair. Oh Lord have mercy. Oh, you talking about the, the, you talking about the black dude with the, with the, with the, with the blonde hair and the jeans?


Yeah. Yeah. I mean he, about your size, y'all about the same size. Oh no. Oh yeah. Hey, don't, don't, don't let it fool me Y'all about y'all about the same size. He about 1 65. You about 1 75. Hey Baby. Done pounds. Hey, you can see you got hold. Lemme tip my camera down now. I don't, I don't know if you see, I don't know if you see any pounds coming in now. I'm feeling it real Nice now. Well, you do know you ain't getting no pounds while you eating that food on camera. I know. You, you think I got, I gotta, I got it's no, I'm, I'm on a strict diet now. I gotta eat at a certain time. Four o'clock. I gotta have my meal. My baby bought my meal, so I gotta stay on top of. So by the time we get to the show all in 22nd, I'm telling you I'm gonna be at 205 pounds.


All muscle promise you Kera no wood. JR said Ocho. What's your favorite Olympic event to watch track and field or swimming Track and field? Of course I want, I wanna see Ledecky as well, but I I I wanna see her, her swim as well. But track and field will always the number one. The, the question is Arianna Tim, the Australian in the 400 meters. Now Ledecky has been unbeatable in 800 and 1500 meters. If you look at the fastest time, if I'm not mistaken, I think she might have 25 or 30 of the fastest times ever swam in those events. It's just something about Timus in that 400 meters.


Australia, normally they have great swimmers. The Thor, Ian Thorpe, the French have a great swim team. But I wanna see Ledecky, I, I would love to see Ledecky follow up that 1500, I think the 1500 was, it was just came into effect last, last Olympics if I'm not mistaken. But she's the two-time reigning champ in the, in the, the, the 800 meters. Right? Because I think she took down Adlington as like a teenager was 2012, her first Olympics that she won, I think 2012 was the first Kayla Ledecky out of BeMore.


The Michael Phelps Bowman Camp 2012. That's when she won the 800 meters. She took down Adlington. So 1216. So she's going for four her fourth gold medal in the 800 Mm. I mean, think about that. They, they, they ain't a whole lot of people. Carl Lewis is a four time, four time gold medal Olympic champion individual event. The long jump Al Orderer won four gold medals in the, in the, the discus. Alexander Caran had an opportunity to win and be a four time champ in Greco-Roman.


But he remember he ended up losing the Rulon Gardner in 2000 and Sydney. Mm. The Russian bear, he had un had been unscored on in decade. And that night, Rulon Gardner had a mu magical light. Yeah, He broke grip a point. Rulon Gardner wins. So I mean, Usain Bolt win three. I mean, but for you saying, I mean you're talking about that, I mean, for him to win a fourth goal and he'd have been the greatest Olympian ever. Yeah. I mean I think he, you can make a, you gonna make a case that he's one of the three greatest five, three greatest Olympians ever to win the hundred and 200, 103 consecutive Olympics.


Yeah. You ain't seeing that again. Right? I don't care who you ain't seeing that again. Okay. Jalen said, Hey uncle, just wanted to say thank you for shouting out. My mom, Miranda Al, who wanted to give you an update, she's doing better as well. Find out Tuesday if she's in remission. Thank you guys once again for the shout out. Jalen. Thank you. We're praying for Miranda. Tell her hey all. Love from the Nightcap family. Yes. Keep us updated. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy says Uncle Ocho. Since you're both athletes, do the Olympics give y'all a rush? Yes. Like with your football? Yes.


Yeah. Yes. Most Definitely. Most definitely. I get a rush when I, when I watch other football games come on and I see them guys come out the tunnel either even though, do they introduce innoVi? They still do. I think like home team. They still do. You don't do it. I don't think they do it in the Super Bowl anymore. Everybody comes out as a team. The Patriots started out in 2001 and ever since then, everybody comes out A team. Everybody else called every Copycatted. Yeah. But yes, you do get a rush. Raheem Cunningham said, what's up, UNC Ocho? Could you wish my older brother Ricky? Happy birthday, please. We love you Blessed. Happy birthday Raheem. You guys happy? Thank guys for watching. Happy. Thanks for the support, bro. We appreciate that. Thank you guys. Everybody that's been in the chat today, and happy birthday, Ricky.


Happy birthday today, and many more to come. All right guys, that's it for us. Thank you guys for joining us for a very special episode of the Olympic Watch Party. We'll be back. We'll get that information out to you again Sunday. We'll be back a week from Sunday. This Sunday. That's the fourth. August 4th. Oh, oh. Damn What she said. We'll be back in two days, the 28th. Okay. Are we back? We back on the 28th? Yes. Yes. Sunday. Sunday. What time? Normal time.


We'll probably be back five. Five. It'll probably be eight your time. ocho. It'll be five my time on the West Coast. Are we going a little early? Yes. Okay, so because we gonna try to, you know, keep it as close to the Olympic schedule as possible. Oh yeah. Let's go. So thank you guys for watching another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite. Unc Shannon. Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire. The bingo legend, the pro bowl of the All Pro Liberty City zone. This very special edition of the Watch Olympics, Ochocinco Johnson. And we'll see you Sunday. We're Out. See y'all. Sunday. Lay the Volume.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Villa for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweet, and reactions to all the wild moments You might have missed both on And Off the field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on. Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And. we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone, And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.