
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Man, I can't Take this anymore, doc. You gotta help me man. This stupid meme is ruining my life. Now I know just what you need. Op Ridge Rush has got fiber, natural energy, it'll pick you right up. Whoa. Okay, now that's a rush smile for the camera Ocho. Here you go. Internet.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Unc Shannon Sharp. OCHO is running a little late, so we gonna kick the party off. You know him, the three point sharp shooter, Cleveland Cavaliers, New York Knicks, the Denver Nuggets won a championship in in the bubble, the pandemic with the Los Angeles Lakers, one of the great three point shooters of our generation of any generation. Mr. Swish himself, he's now an avid golfer, a wine connoisseur. I guess you could call himself a samye. That's Mr. Jr. Swish Smith. Thank you for joining us. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast.


Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber matters. Every subscriber counts and we thank you for making Nightcap what it has become today. Please make sure you check out SHA by La Portier. We do have it in stock if We don, if you can't find it in a city or a state near you, you can order it and with the holidays right around the corner, you have Thanksgiving and then before you know it's Christmas and then New Year's, we'll make sure we have it to you before the holidays so you'll get an opportunity to celebrate, right? Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my Collo company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


Our newest release dropped last week. We dropped I was hell when I was. Well I lie for you before I lie to you. T-shirts, black Nightcap hoodies and by popular man, stay with me now. Hoodies and of course our bestsellers, Unc and OCHO tees. We got a lot of requests for Unc and OCHO ts to come in black and we drop those over the weekend and now they're available in the store. Quantities are limited. Make sure you grab yours while supplies last. So Jr we as, as I mentioned at the top of the show, OCHO is running a little late and so now I newest basketball contributor JR Swish. Please go follow JR on all his platforms and his podcast, his par three podcast on all platforms.


That's J at Par three, the letter podcast, that's where you can find JR on all his, on all social media platform. Oh, excuse me, JR the Grizzlys whip up on the Lakers minus ad 1 31 to one 14 early in the Dayler. Parkson said when the Lakers lose, it's not gonna be a 40-year-old man's fault. It's on Anthony Davis, not LeBron James' fault. We know Chandler had a lot of course things to say about LeBron over the course of the years, but you watch this game, you watch them play without ad. It was, it was, it was close for a little while and then the grizzly started raining threes and then they Pour away.


Yeah, I mean that's to be expected though. They, I mean for one the Memphis is playing at home j's back. It's, it's a lot of energy in the building, but again, no ad, no r the bench has been really suspect coming from the Laker side. So it's, I mean it's, it's to be expected, it's, it's a tough road game, especially earlier on in the, in the season when you, you know, obviously when you, you on your number one A or one B guy is out, depending on what day it is, I mean it's hard to call LeBron anything other than one or won a so, but I mean that's a tough situation. It is just a tough situation they ran into and you know Memphis is gonna be playing a lot better this year obviously 'cause it jaw's back and the team is healthy.


But I mean that's a tough team to beat to go in and walk in and Memphis is already a tough place to win that, Especially when they're playing at home and we know they're at the grind house. We know how they got, can get up and down the crowd, get into the game, jaw high, fly his high fly his highwire act, he's levitating through the air he's playing unbelievable. Obviously he had a lot to prove. He missed last year. Had a lot of situations going on with him the previous year and he wants to show, hey, a lot of guys stepped up in his absence. You saw Ant man, you saw a lot of these young players start to take steps forward in a place that he's supposed to had his foothold in by now. He had to sit down, you know, some off the, off the court issues.


You look at LeBron in 35 minutes, he was 15 to 24, 6 of 11 from three seven rebound six and 6 39 points. DeAngelo Russell 4 12, 12 points. Officer Reed seven to 1719 points. Cam Red did finish strong with 15 points. But when I look at this JR I'm looking at the leg 'cause I'm like, bro, y'all bitch was suspect last year, y'all brought the same bitch back. How do you expect to get better If your bitch was suspect last year, you made no improvement to it and somehow you think, okay, well ad is gonna be ad played good last year. Now he's playing all world, he's never played this good this early averaging 32 points, averaging 12 rebounds give you, giving it to you on both ends.


LeBron is doing what LeBron does. We know LeBron is going to average somewhere between 25 and 27 points a game at the end of, and he's gonna give you seven to eight rebounds. Seven to eight assists. We know that okay, worthy, the consistent third guy. And then when those guys go to the bench, because LeBron can't play 45 minutes a night like he could when he was young, where are the points gonna come from Swish who, who can they count on, especially bench points, who Can they count on? Honestly, to me, I would like, I would if I, and, and if I know LeBron, how I know LeBron, I think he, he's doing it now with Cam reddish, like you gotta mold that one guy who's going to be that bench firecracker.


You like One thing off the bench, you need a firecracker dude who's really like, and that's one One thing like I really loved about Malik Monk coming off the bench is because in Sacramento, because he, this dude could come, he could run pick a row, he can get a but of rim, he can shoot the three, he can defend, he can get you big stops. He's an energy guy, he gonna get the CRI out into it. So like when you got guys like that, you got, and that's the role that I fit into a lot of times in my career is like when you got guys like that, you gotta figure out a way to get them going early. Especially if they already feel like, all right, I'm coming off the bench, the guys in front of me, he's not better than me, but this is what's best for the team.


This is the role, this is the role. So in order for me to play my role, I'm gonna need you to feed me. Like I cool, I may not be, I may not be eating steak and caviar every night, but I need a little lobster here and there. Like yeah you Lo the crab legs to do fight the meat for. And plus he has to be able also, now a lot of times you're gonna start off, LeBron's probably gonna be heading to the bench, so you'll be able to get your rhythm. Then when LeBron comes back in there, you are gonna have to find a way to mesh with him and ad while, while they're on the court also because we know those guys are gonna get those shots. But ad's off the court, LeBron's off the court, obviously your firecracker that's coming off the bench, he's gonna be allowed to get his shots.


But when they come back into the ball game now you're gonna have to find a way to seamlessly transition and blend in with Those guys. I understand. For me, when I really think about that, it's, it's a lot of kudos to Mike Woods because when I was with the Nixon, now it did end up winning sixth man a year. He found a great package for myself and and and mellow to play with. Then when Mellow comes off the court and I'm in there in the situation to where I can be aggressive and I could be as aggressive as I want, then when he comes back and like especially in the trenches when it's the third and fourth quarter, when he gets to that meat and potatoes of the situation, it's almost to to where it's like, okay, he's the vocal point but y'all still playing ping pong like you, you involved in it but you like yeah this a back and forth game.


Then you got stat rolling on picks and pick and pops like, and you in the situation to where now you got a a cohesiveness rhythm with all your scores, which are key pieces and for what T Lou used to do with with a lot with with Kyrie and Kev in the situation where LeBron is going off or Ky is going off, he would find intricate plays for Kev to make Kev not only feel like he's a part of the team part of it, but feel good about when he like he's involved to a situation to where he's not caught off guard to where he get a, you might get a, a certain situation where they jump the screen, he get a pick and pop situation where normally they not gonna leave Kev for pick and pop, they gonna hedge and try and get back to Kev immediately.


But you have those situations to where, you know what, he ain't got a shot in four or five minutes, let me just double team and see what happened. And, but if you playing that and you, if you're playing that way, you already have that cohesiveness within the group to where he, he not even tripping. He gonna get it off regardless. I thought, I thought the Lakers got some really great looks tonight at three the ball just didn't fall and in the, in the like the second, late in the second and through the third quarter I think what but was it the third quarter they went like seven, six or seven or seven or eight from the three point line Jr. And so we look, when a team catches far like that, you either match 'em or they're gonna pull away from you that those are the only, there's your only, that's the only two options.


You can't make enough twos when they're going seven or eight or eight or nine or whatever they went from, from the three point line in the fourth, in the third quarter. If you either match them shot for shot or whatever the lead is, they had, I guarantee you it's gonna be double digit, it's gonna be 13, 14 points by the time you start the fourth quarter. If you don't match that intensity from the three point line. And I don't think the Lakers have great three point shooting. I think they got the streaky shooters. LeBron is streaky, streaky Kobe or the Ozark officer Reeves, he's streaky. They don't have guys that you like. Oh okay. They can just pull from here and I dunno, the kid Christian, what's his name?


Oh, max, he got a ratchet. I can't lie. He got a ratchet. He just don't get, he's a lot of, I find him and a lot of times he's starting an offense so it's hard for him to get to catch that second swing rotation to be on, on the weak side. Right. So, but I think he got a canon though honestly I just don't think he's in in that position a lot. But again, like for me, the hardest part about it is when you playing in this league and it is a three point shooting league right now, like even I, I watched the, the, the Boston game, they shot 53 threes, shoot 53 threes in the NBA game and it's only like 80, 90 possessions. Like that's a lot of Well it used to be, Yeah, basically yo every possess, every other possess between It was a po it was a point I'm at the wine bar with my homie, I'm like bro, this last eight possessions was all threes.


So it just like, if you don't have, if you can't, again, like you saying, if you can't match that shooting, the team's going to pull away and especially if you can't create stops. Yeah. So for me, a lot of those times, like in, especially over the last couple years, I try to look at like the Lakers, like what's your identity, like what's the identity of the team? Right? Is it a scrappy team? Is it a a a a front running team? Is you a underdog team? Like what type of team are y'all? Because that that, if you can under like underline that, because I knew like for sure for us in Cleveland, like we was an underdog team, but coming outta third quarters, you, I knew for sure coming outta third quarters, the team was gonna make a six to eight oh run coming out the doors.


We just started off slow. That's just the way it was no matter what it, no matter how good we were at times and if that's just the way it is, but we was underdogs. So everybody in that system, in that situation, we already looked at it like, nah we al we we're already underneath so we gonna come back anyway. But this team, I'm looking at it like, what's y'all, what's going to be the like right now, even the guys coming off the bench, who's that guy that was on another team that's coming to this team and be like, ooh, like a Lou will or like a, even the Nick Young or like who's that guy coming off the bench be like, hey man, we got a game plan around him. Like, like watch out for this dude doing this.


Like there's nobody, Right? The Lakers really not since Malik Monk have, they had a guy that could come in and you know, he can give the instant offense. They, they haven't had that guy and they, and, and most teams have a guy that can come in and you know, he can let it go. Lakers don't have anybody, the Lakers bench haven't improved because that's pretty much the same players as they had last year. Yeah. And the bench was suspect. So I don't understand what you thought was going to happen. Even if ad's playing at a great, at a, at his best level, LeBron is giving what LeBron does still, they can't play 48 minutes. So you're gonna have to get, you need your bench to average what? Somewhere between 25 and 30 points.


Yeah, All day long. Because you gotta have your main guy anywhere from your, your main bench guy, six man guy, he's gotta be anywhere from 12 to 15 e like, and that's gotta be any like a given night. He, I need at least 12 to 15. I can't how you going three And you know, because at this rate you the third dude, like, and like to me it, it doesn't make sense because I was, I think Dlo has the game, he has the caliber of game like to fit as the a third guy, but I don't understand why it's not. But what Happens to him? What's happened to it? Sweet. I Don't what's going, I mean it's, I'm not gonna lie, bro, like it's hard to play next to LeBron.


It's, it's hard to play when you got, like, it's different when you go from a situation like, and no knock to him as a person or as a player. But like it's different when you go from a situation where you in Minnesota and nobody has any expectations and then you go from a situation to where you back in the show and you got, you got those guys and they just want a chip in a bubble like granted it was a couple years ago, however you wanna count it, discount it, whatever the chip is the chip. So when you playing for the Lakers for one and you got LeBron next to you, that's a lot of pressure because The expectations are both ends. You know what the Lakers represent and you know, every time LeBron touches the court, the expectation of him is to be to the finals because that's the standard that he set.


So, and that's what I tell people. It's easy, hey, you playing when nobody gives a damn, if you, if you win by 25 or you lose by 25 versus you going and the stadium is sold out road or home is a sellout, that's Different Pressure and the expectations of the, the a lot of times switch. Not just what I tell people a lot of times, some of the greatest, the greatest killer of a player's career is expectations because not only the expectations that the player have for themselves is that the expectations that you have when you go to an organization and the expectations are to win and they don't accept, they don't accept excuses or why you didn't win. They don't care. They just want you to win. And you in La la Boston have a different standard for sure because they are the gold standard.


Same thing with the Warriors. Now the warriors are built, excuse me, the Warriors have built themselves into that model over the last decade. But the, we know what the cells represent, we know what the Lake Lakers represent from the sixties to the seventies, the Eighties even the were Ros, the Lakers. You know what you're getting. Yes. You know what you're getting, you know, when you walking through this door, what you're getting yourself into. Right? And so I I can just imagine and that's what I, playing with a great player. Yeah, they make the game easier, but they put a lot of pressure on your ass because they expect you to catch everything that they throw in your vicinity. They expect you to be where you're supposed to be. They don't wanna hear nothing. John didn't wanna hear nothing about no excuses. The guy got a good jam on me, I stumbled out, I slipped.


He didn't even wanna hear none of that because guess what? While you, while you out there horse jacking around, the guy tried to hit me in the back of my head Trying take my head off. So that's the same thing with LeBron. LeBron's like, bro, I don't, I I'm closer to the end than the beginning. And the expect, see the problem is is that as LeBron has gotten older, they don't compare LeBron to anything else but a younger LeBron, you can't. And see the expect, the expectations haven't changed for him. They expect LeBron because once he went to all those final swish, they expect that to be, that's the expectation every year, no matter who he's playing for no matter who's playing around A hundred percent. And, and for trust me as the players, you feel that, like I knew for sure when we was in the finals was like, this is your seventh in a row, this is your eighth in a row, it's your ninth in a row.


Like bro, how many like, damn. And I gotta, I gotta make sure you win this joint because at the end of the day, like regardless of the situation, like when we won, don't get me wrong, we won. But when they start, when they show clips in 20 years, they gonna show my homie like, this is, he came home and they gonna show him and they, they gonna show me over here like year. But they ain't like, it ain't about me dog. This is, this is like this. I knew that going in like this is bigger than me. So like for, for the situation, it's like, I look at it very, very different now. And I hope like I, I wish I could talk to somebody like a Cam reddish 'cause like bro, you got an opportunity to really, especially when they playing people like this dog, like bro, you, if you could come off the bench and go out there and like just average 15 to 16 off the bench, be consistent with it.


Take your shots. If they don't go in, they don't go in. But you gotta take those same shots next game. That's the biggest problem I think with the Lakers right now is like when you see dudes miss you, they feel that monkey on they jacket and they're like, ah, lemme pump fake one dribble, two dribble probe kick it out. Like, nah bro, if I'm open, I'm hoping I'm shooting that ain't nobody telling me different. Right. But you gotta have confidence when you, when you shoot it. Oh, as you can see, OCHO has joining us now. Ocho you got us The man moving around now. I think he might be muted Twitch.


When you, earlier today, Chandler Parson said when the Lakers lose, it's gonna be 40. It's not, is not gonna be 40-year-old man's fault is Anthony Davis not LeBron James, it's on Anthony Davis not LeBron. What, what do you, what do you make of that? For me it's just availability. Anthony Davis over the course of the years, I think people are getting fed up with AD and being, him being available, especially at his age and, and then seeing a person like LeBron at his age and being always available, but the people don't, I I think One thing that people don't understand about, you know, special specimens, like I look at like LeBron, you ocho like y'all are like, y'all are different specimens than everybody else.


Like I got a homeboy like we used to, we play together in Denver and we live down the street from each other. We walk, we work out, we do all of that. I can still go to Burger King after that. I could go to McDonald's after that. He gotta go get a salad because that's, it is just going transform different but within that with, with respect to ad his body ain't built for this. Not, not not, no, not in the sense of being available the way other people needs him to be available. His body is built for what he's doing right now. Listen bro, you gotta sit down. You gotta sit down. And same with Joelle and B like, don't get me wrong, I understand like some of the older guys, you know Charles Barkley or Patrick Ewon dudes who played 82 games every game and, and was those guys in that time.


But at the same time you not, we not working with that. We not working with the same Right. Steel titanium, like this is a different, it is a totally different metal. Yeah, Everything's different now. Swish, you look at the baseball players, the ba the pitchers don't pitch as often as they once did. They got, they got a a, a guy go three or four innings because they don't want the guy to see the guy, the the pi the batters to see the, the third time through the lineup. So you got middle relief, you got, you know you got lefty, lefty matchup, you got righty righty matchup. You got middle relief, you got a set up man and then you got a closer.


So the baseball players used to, you know, the, the pitchers used to pitch every fifth day. That Ain't a case now. Well to me that's, that's way that's more strategic. That's but that, that's not necessarily availability Or you guys or you guys. It was, it was thought of as a badge of honor for you to play 82 games. Guys don't give a damn about no 82 Games. No, I'm thinking about that. They don't care about that at all, at all. When we played, I mean defensive line, but there wasn't no, oh you playing 50 snaps and then somebody's gonna play 30. You played, you played until you couldn't go anymore and then you came out when you got tired. It wasn't, no, okay, today you gonna play 40, you gonna play 40 other 65 plays or you go no, you gonna play until you get tired.


So if we ran 70 plays, basically you're gonna be out there 60 of Them. I ain't gonna lie, like low management and all that. We didn't know nothing about that till Pop started doing that with Tim and them. And, and that was still like, in, that was like 2010, 2000 like 11, somewhere in that, somewhere in that range. And it was like, bro, like we don't, like I, when I came in to oh four, you play, you try to play 82 games and you try to play 38 40 minutes a game. Like are you kidding? Like load management. What you mean? I don't care if this's the worst team, I'm trying to go get 35 on the worst team. I'm trying to go get 35 on the best team. It's just, that's the competitive juices that you, you like I grew up couldn't wait to get to this level.


I couldn't, I didn't, I dreamt about this forever to go sit down and nothing is wrong with me or just be like, oh nah you gotta, you know, you play 35 minutes the, so you gotta chill tonight and then the day after tomorrow you gonna go back out and play 35. Like I don't, I can't even fathomly think of that in a game. Like there's no way I gotta play today, tomorrow, take a day off the next day we playing. Like that's we we playing. Oh Joe, you got us. Yeah, You hear Me? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. What's up? What's up baby? I just, I just, I just landed, I, I I landed, came straight to the hotel and got here as fast as I could. Baby jr What's Up?


What? Hey, what's happening man? Now throw something on the floor for me baby. I'm gonna pick it up now. Shit, We got you. We've been waiting on you. KD had high praise for today saying he's the most athletic person I've seen Swish. Do you agree? Do you agree if Jah the maths most athletic player that you've seen, Basketball player? No. Yeah, Nah. You like Russ, you like D Rose The most athletic I I mean D Rose in his heyday. Oh my God. But to me thank honestly the most athletic, I gotta go rust bro at six five long arms wiry strength, athletic, like explosiveness intensity.


I gotta go rust Man. Having, having, I I never saw Russ at his prime, in his prime. I only saw Russ a couple years ago with the Lakers and, but I saw Jaw and I've seen Jaw on several occasions the way that, and he a thin, but if you look at his waist lines, he got his legs really don't match his body because he's really thin framed up top. But he got, he got some legs on it man. He built, he he built kinda like a wide receiver ocho, you know? Yeah, yeah. He not, he not wiry. Right. He got, he got some sides to it from, from waist down. Right. And the way he can elevate and hang in the air and contort his body.


Yeah. I I haven't had, I haven't had the, the pleasure, the opportunity to watch out close. I I did see D Rose up close. I've seen Russell Westbrook up close. But watching from TV obviously TV does, does you really does give you no really no justice until you see a player of that magnitude play up close. But it is explosive and jam moron looks from tv. I can imagine it looks that much more explosive in person. So at some point, at some point I gotta watching play in person. Yes. But when, when it comes to players that are very explosive, that's, that's the top three right there. D Rose. Yeah obviously Russ.


Russ, Yeah. Russell Westbrook. I'm trying to think who else played that, that, that, that, that intensity. They play like they angry. It remind me of Steve Smith. Me, you know how Steve Smith? Steve Smith? Yeah. Oh Yeah. Like they, somebody did something to him but who pissed you off? He just, they just played a game angry as hell. Yeah. Yeah. I mean Ru d Rose with that was that that point guard that could, you don't normally, you know this, you don't normally have point guards that play above the rim. Russ played above the rim, Ja plays above the rim. D Rose could play above the rim. Right. Most of the time the point guard they play below the rim. Now Kevin Johnson was unique 'cause Kevin Johnson could play above the rim.


So it was, it was, it, it's a rarity when you see it. But Ja consistently is a, and I mean he have, he's one of those guys and those guys do do do a lot of damage in the paint. 'cause if you look at John the end of the year, you look at Russ when he was in his prime, you look at D Rose in his prime, look at the point paint. So you have to be a guy to elevate in order to be able to get your shot off over those trees. Because if you, you know John Stockton wasn't laying in the paint. You know J Kid guys, those guys like that played in the paint. Now Magic was different but Magic was not Tony Parker Was the only one. Tony Parker was the only one. The Only Parker. Yes. He was the only ground base point guard that lived In the paint.


In the paint. Oh we couldn't stop it. That shit used to piss me off so bad And they kept ass pick roll. You got him and Tim in the pick and roll, then you got the other big white boy. Pick My new Tim in the pick and roll. The pick and roll dribble, drive, dribble, handoff. I'm like damn. Do y'all run any other offense under the Pickett roll Dribble out, come back. Oh Scotty lay up. Oh my god I should give nightmares man. Pop used to kill us. Pop used to kill Steph Curry scores 27 to lead the Warriors. Pass the Celtics 1 18, 1 12 Steph Curry 27 Buddy Hill 16 and the Warriors won their fifth straight game.


Jason Tatum led Boston with 32. Derrick White had 26 6 rebounds and JB did not play. Everybody wanted this to be a revenge game from Jason Tatum considering what transpired at the Paris Olympics, which he didn't get. There were some DMPs and I remember telling Ojo, I like, hold on. At the end of the day, that man is the only guy that's on this thing that's been a three time first team all NBA player. He's the only one that has three consecutive first team all NBA players. He's an Allstar and he's the reigning and he's the champion. And you mean to tell me But he's not the only person though you No, no, no. I'm saying the past three years he the only one that's been a three time.


No, no. Well obviously LeBron went like 12, 13 years in a but when you look at it swish you mean to tell me a man as credentialed as that with no injuries? You can't find no minutes in the game for it. I'm talking about not none. Zero. Hmm. I think it was personal. Huh? I think it's honestly, I think it's psychological barrier. Like game. Yeah. Like I don't think it's, I think it's personal but it's not personal. Like it's, it's, it's a mental barrier that they break. Like they trying to break down on you like, like, like messing with you. Almost like how they, I wouldn't say how they did Gil, 'cause Gil was a completely different player, but like they just trying to mess with you.


Like trying to mess with you to mess. Like 'cause again, again, they know this game is gonna come up. They got another game coming up in the west eventually and then they got after they, they they fuck around. See 'em in the finals the way Golden State played. Golden State played unbelievable Basketball. I'm the way they playing like, and it ain't, to be honest, it wouldn't be a surprise. I mean is it, is it not too early because teams are playing this early in the season, being able to maintain that same, that same chemistry, that same Momentum? Nah, it's healthy Late in the season, late in the season. It's still, it's still a 82 season Game. Yeah, but it's, it's, I mean at that point it's health. Like for a team like, like a golden state.


They got like, they got that pedigree so they game they style ain't gonna change. The style of the play ain't gonna change. Right. It's just a matter of you can stay healthy at that point and then you can make adjustments. But to me, like when you talk about championship teams, that that ain't going to change. But like a team, like let me, like a Orlando like it shit can change a lot because the, the make that's just the makeup of the team. One dude go down and one dude can't like other dude getting too much pressure stepping up, not really used to being in that position. It's a lot of shit that can go like it, it, it can, it can falter in that. But for like a, a team like the Celtics man, I'm surprised honestly in the revenge game.


I'm thinking like, okay, JB gonna sit down so JT can go off. I'm thinking JT about to go nuts. Like, don't get me wrong. 30 30, we at 32 32 30. He had a good game. He start coming alive at the end. But you playing the, You you were thinking of you thinking of 40 Like 55 and nut. Bro. They, that's disrespectful bro. You didn't play. Yeah, there were games he played in some game. He got to Me, my bro, you you the number one dude in and you the number one highest paid player. Now you the number you the you on the cover of 2K, you just won a chip. Like they, there's no reason for him not to be in the situation.


You can't tell Oh he didn't necessarily fit the makeup of what we had going on. What do you mean? This is what Steve Kerr said. Warriors coach Steve Kerr was booed at TD Guard. The crowd showed the displeasure over how he used Tatum in the past Olympics before the game. Steve Kerr said he doesn't regret his decision. We've got 12 Hall of Famers and we just committed to quit. He stood on business, We've got 12 Hall of Famers we committed. Wait, he said he doesn't, he said he doesn't regret like let me, let me, let me, let me finish the comment and we can respond. We've got 12 hall of Famers and we just committed to winning and we won the gold medal. I don't give it a whole lot of thought other than I didn't enjoy not playing Jason against Serbia, not playing Joelle against South Sudan.


Those are not fun decisions. But our guys are all amazing and committed to each other and committed to winning the gold medal. Yeah. But not playing Joelle against the South Sudan made more sense than not playing Jas JT against Serbia. Serbia Like no disrespect to to like a Devon, like to Devon Booker. But when I look at Devon Booker and I look at Jason Tatum like, and he three inches taller than him. But see I, I think let me, let me, let me, let me try and play devil's advocate. Jason Tatum's like when you remember when they had the thing and they asked who wants to play and Jason Tatum said, Hey I'll go, I'll play.


I don't care if I don't get no shots right, I'll just play defense. Right. So he was like, oh look I ain't got no ego. Hey we got bro, we got Katie, we got Steph. This the last one they go into. This is about Bill, whatever y'all need from me, y'all need me to guard on the perimeter. I got you ant man y'all need me to guard on the perimeter. I got you. Well hell a JT check this out. We got three big guns. This is their last, this is their last waray you down to be guard on the you guarding me. You, you, you good to be guarding on the perimeter If you don't, don't score with six points. I just don't that I I just don't know how, I just don't know how. That's Jason Tatum, that's Jason mofo and you be the tell me you can't get three, four minutes outta the Came off the bench on the redeem team.


Yes, That's what I'm saying. Like I like you gotta find time for Jason Tatum bro. I don't get it. I Agree. Oh, I said it, I said it when the Olympics was going on. It gotta be something internal. It gotta be something personal 'cause there's no reason someone like Jason Tatum who just coming off winning a chip, it's coming off the bench, let alone not getting any minutes some something. Right. Something isn't right. Even if you do have 12 Hall of Famers. 'cause if you think of swish, you remember he was like the second best player in the previous Olympics behind K. So how you go from being the second best player to to to not playing in a game or two and play Liberty minutes.


You know when you said so internal, I'm starting to think like maybe, maybe they was better because he didn't show up when everybody else showed up. Even at, even after write off on winning the chip. 'cause again, you gotta think he came late. Yeah man, come on. He did come late. They did. They had a a chemistry with the first unit which, okay cool. If you got a chemistry with the first unit and you got Katie, Steph, and Brian out there, I'm never gonna tell you to mess that up. Go ahead do that. But you mean to tell me Yeah you can't find 10, 15 minutes the second unit for Jason Tatum on the second unit. Man you gotta think about how good that team is bro. Like, like if he could, if you can't find time for Jason Tatum, right?


Think about if Jalen Brown was on that team, where was he gonna play? Yes, we'll never know. He said look, we committed to winning guys said they would do whatever it took to win the gold medal and it ne they needed that. Yeah we needed those two, those last two games from Steph Curry LeBron. The first, the first three games, LeBron was sensational. I mean LeBron was sensational the whole tournament. But those first three games, he was o out obviously out of his mind played well the entire tournament. I'm not surprised that he won the tournament's most valuable player.


Although people said Steph Curry should have won it for those last two games. I think LeBron should have won it because LeBron was great from start to finish. Steph, Steph struggled the first three games. I'm not gonna say he struggled but his, I think LeBron just outwardly performed everybody that it wasn't even close. Like I think he right. And it, and it's not even like for me it's funny because you know, you know how guys go for certain things. Somebody going for yards, somebody going for stats or something like that. It's like bro just be out there hooping and he don't be going for nothing and be getting everything. And so I know it's hard for other people who just sit there like, like, because a lot of like, let's just, let's just say a lot of the knock on Steph Curry was he didn't have no finals MVPs because KD so all so right like when it comes to legacy shit like that matters to a lot of people.


Right? When buddy not going for it. If he's just winning it, just playing off of himself. That's gotta be like the best feeling in the world. I can only imagine because he's literally not trying to change anything about his game. He's literally making it fit to everywhere he goes. It's, it's incredible. Hey, hey when you say, you say Steph didn't have a good game early in the like obviously the first Yeah. You know with Steph being a volume shooter the way he is, especially when he was playing with the words he's putting up shot after shot after shot after shot. Regardless he's gonna open shoot. But you think about the, the amount of shots he took in those games, he just wasn't fishing, you wasn't taking as many shots so it looked like he was playing bad as opposed to not being able to get in rhythm.


'cause he was missing the few shots he was taking. That's a great point. Now once he got, no, he took Some shots, Got once we got later into the later games when he started hitting, he was hitting, he started Ash, gimme a ash gimme step first three games because there was a couple of games. He had like seven points. He had like four points and he took some shots. Ash give me the first three games of Steph. But like you said, LeBron just, just did it so effortlessly is that he was scoring, he was rebounding. He obviously he was, he was, you know, he was in charge of the offense and that's what he does. I mean he's six nine, he can handle the ball, he can score the ball, he can get downhill.


You gotta get out of his way 'cause he going to bow through you. He gonna find the open shooter. He had guy, he had marksman. I mean think about it, he got step on one side, he got KD on the other side. Yeah. And then what you gonna do if you, if you don't pack the lane, he going drive down the lane because your guy can't stay in front of him. And when you bring the guy to help and it don't matter where you bring it from because he knows where you're coming from and he can whip the ball, fill across court, he can find him in the short porch. He can find him, he can find him at the timeline. it doesn Matter. So lemme, lemme ask y'all this, would y'all agree that LeBron was probably the most all around best player on that team? Yes. All around? Absolutely.


So if you yeah, if you Absolutely go ahead. You ask a hundred people, a hundred people that same question. I'm sure a hundred people are gonna agree with you. Even if you're not a basketball fan and if you know the game, you know, LeBron is obviously the most well-rounded player there is or there Was. So we, we not, the reason why I asked that, so imagine having the best well-rounded player and the smartest player and the same person on that team. When you got got, when you got Stef on one side, you got Katie on the other side, you got ad bam, Devin Booker, Anthony Edwards, you and you already the the mo the best at it.


Like bro, when you read everything no matter defenses, he, he seen every defense, whether it was Serbia, rush, what was it? Solid Sudan like there's no package that you about to throw at on that he's not going to capitalize on with shooters and weapons. There's no chance. Alright. In the first game on the 28th, Steph played 21 minutes. He had 11 points. Next game, the 31st, he had 21 played 21 minutes, he had three points. The next game, United States against Puerto Rico, he played 18 minutes, he had eight points. The next game against Brazil, he played 17 minutes and had seven points. So again, do y'all think he was playing well the first four games, But you not naming the most important thing in in, in the point that I brought up shots.


How many shots did he take? Yeah, he didn't Take many shots, many shots. Did he, how many, how many shots did he take asked? Because one game he, he shot really poorly from three, there were a couple of games that he shot really bad. And I think that's what now those last two games, he shot the ball out of his mind and they needed, because you remember that one, two guys came, came out to get him and he switched it in. Both of 'em face. KD was wanting the ball, LeBron was asking for him to swing it around and he's like, nah, I Nine nine, that's what he put on nine nine. Yeah. Yeah. And that's, and all up he made and of the 17 points he had three may field goals as was trying to get me the, the the field goal attempts and made in each.


But look it, it's kinda like an all star game switch. You got the best players. Everybody can't get, everybody ain't Finn to get the same number shots that they normally get if they was on their own team. Ain't enough shots going Round percent. You gotta be efficient at that point. Yeah. So you know, LeBron normally takes 17 shots. KD normally takes 17 shots. Steph takes 17 shots. Well damn You got eight, you got nine only we gonna live with your 11 to whoever rolling Against Serbia. The first game when he had, he was four of eight. The next game he was one of nine.


The next game he was three of eight. The quarters against Brazil, he was two or three. And then he went 12 of 19, he went eight or 13. So he told you he ain't even shoot them them first three games where he had low points. He didn't even shoot over nine shots. I was I'm saying three of eight isn't bad, it's just that it's step that makes It bad. Well he was three, he was three, he was three or seven from three in the first game or six two of six, zero of one, nine of 14, eight of 12. He got his rhythm, he got that rhythm in the semifinals against Serbia because they were down by like double, they were down like 18, 19 points. Yep. So he had to catch fire for sure for they were going home. It, it, it's, it's really that simple.


If he doesn't catch fire and once he got it going, now all of a sudden they turned up the defensive intensity and man buck diving, making, making tough on the pass lane. Even kd you saw KD sit in the chair, them hey them boys ain't wanna lose. They like, oh hell nah, we ain't finna lose this, we ain't going out like this. Nah, this is a different impression when you kind of come home and people talking that, you know what I mean? Like, oh my, oh they gonna Be talking crazy because this ain't like in years past where we didn't send out this. We sent Steph, we sent a a a a LeBron, we sent a a kd, we sent Jason Tatum, we sent a a joy Our generations Mike, Larry and Magic.


Yes, yes. And and you come home with something other than gold. See, and the thing is you don't win silver, you lose gold. Mm. So that's, that's what that is. And, and, and, and think about it, the game we, we, we, we it's it is, it's like, it's like it Chinese losing table tennis. They created the game. You, you, you can't No, no, no, no bro. Nah, hell no, hell no Joe. You can't basketball that'll be like us. We going, if they brought NFL football, let's just say they brought tackle football to the Olympics and we never, if we didn't Go wish I wish I wouldn't. I promise I wish y'all wouldn't.


Oh my god. How that, how'd that go look old Joe. A game that that we created here in the States. Yeah. That's gonna look bad. That's gonna look bad. Even even even though the European teams, they've gotten competitively better tremendously. It's a lot of 'em that are playing in NBA now for us to go up there and lose and lose and we send our best. Yes it was, they would never heard that Bro. To everybody on the team, I was a all-star. But here's the thing, swish and people are like, well, and, and and, and the world is catching up because they have a lot more players from Serbia, Sini and all these places. But everybody on the on the American team is in the NBA. Not every Serbian is in the NBA. Not every Lenan, not every a Brazilian, not all the other, the French, the Greek, whomever, Puerto Rican, all of those players that's on that team aren't in the NBA.


Right. Every last one of those guys that was on the NBA in the Olympics, guess what they played? That's a few of those Dudes on the other teams who got regular jobs like they masons that had at the crib. Like they, they cutting off road work or something at the crib. Nah dog, everybody on the on everybody on the USA team, not only was they playing in the NBA, they was a they a allstar, you Allstar all NBA Player playing. If you lose that, could you imagine? Oh no. Oh no. In KD three years with Golden State, they won back Toback titles, which could have been a three-peat had he not or been for K'S injury.


When asked who's the best shooter with the game on the line, Lou Williams picked KD over Steph as the best clutch shooter. He's got everything, he's got a deep, deep Santa bag swish. You agree Steph over kd? I think yeah, I mean I, You know, he picked, he picked KD over Steph. I'm asking you, do you agree with Lou will or do you say Steph is the best clutch shooter with the game on the line? I mean between the two or Is there somebody else Between the two? I'll have to go Steph because I think St I I, to me I seen stuff hit more Go ahead buckets and big bigger buckets. Yeah, that what he hit against kc Oh my, on that Saturday night from, from about 40 Brought them they was down three.


Yeah. Yeah. Well that was oh and, and plus Clay, that was also the night that Clay had 11 made threes. Yeah. In that playoff game. But with Steph hit that I, I was like, and you can see him like, I was like I know damn well this man ain't finna line this thing up. That's, and I been down he line line it right up and and that's what what you call him Mike bang Rose bang. I ain't gonna lie bro. He co buddy, he's cold dog. I I I used to hate him. I ain't gonna lie. Him and him and Klay, I used to, I used to hate him like I, and I was cool with him at one point we played golf together, went to CP wedding together, we had a good old time, everything.


And then out nowhere we get in this situation where we playing against each other in the finals consistent. I'm like man I hate this little dude dog I hate and I know he hate me at the time. For sure bruh. And I tell you like I I you can't do nothing but tip your hat. At the end of the day it's competition but damn that motherfucker good dog. He the both And I thing and the thing but switch, you know this as being a shooter to run as much as he's running and still have the capacity to cardio capacity to put that shot up and to go from one side to the other and the one side to the other. I mean, Reggie Miller ran our picks but damn Steph running 2, 3, 4 miles a it seemed like a damn game and still have the ability to catch and fire and shoot with the consistency and the accuracy and the distance in which he's shooting it From.


I, I think to a lot to your, to the credit that you was just given, one of the other dudes is kind of like built like a wide receiver. Steph is actually one of the strongest guards I've ever played against. He's not, he ain't frail, like he's not frail. He's very strong. He, he, he's throwing people off like he can get to where he gotta get to and he has enough strength to get get it there. But it is like you look at, at it, it is just like, oh he flopping or he's doing this just, just because off of the way the game is quote unquote called and the way it's played now. But dude is strong as hell, I'm not gonna lie. Like he's definitely, he, you, you gotta give him credit on the miles and, and being able to continuously run and move and stuff like that.


But he's strong as hell man. So when you coming off those screens, you got strong hands. He ain't thinking about much. But all I gotta do is see where the target is at Man. It's being reported. Jason Tatum avoid Steve Curran instantly walks off the court after the loss. You think they'll ever be cool swish? Hell nah. I I mean I think so. I I think they will just because it's like, it's, it's not really that it ain't that serious but at the end of the day to me it's like why do that now? Like you already, you already made it as like nah it ain't that big of a deal. I'm a sacrifice for the team.


We won goal, I'm happy, da da da da da. But then you wanna make a scene during the year you just walk off like to me you shake the man hand, dog you lost, you won whatever the case it is, it wasn't no bad blood then. Right. So should be no bad blood now and the public ah, and if it was bad blood you should have addressed it when it happened. But now you just giving me too many different sides like, I don't know how to take it. I know how to take it. I told Ocho the tie, Ocho told me. You think? I said, man, that man got pride. That man done been a three time all the first team, all NBA player, he been a all star game. NVP them been the, all these Allstar games. He won the title. And you mean to tell me you treating that man like he the 12th or 13th man on a regular roster.


Oh hell yeah. That man got, that man got pro. Well My thing, do you think it bothers him or do you think somebody, people getting in his ear to where it should bother him? I mean, I think it should bother him, but I don't really think it bother him like that. Hell, like, I don't think it puts him in a position to where like, like, like he want that, like that smoke. No, but here's the thing though, swish, it's almost like, you know how some guys on a team and you win the ring and they don't really contribute? No. Hell yeah. When people go back and look, when, when people go back and look at it, what you think they gonna sell about Jason Tatum? Yeah. In that, in that 2024 redeem, redeem team, he Ain't do nothing.


That's Exactly what he say. You know what they gonna say Swish that man, that man got two DMPs. That's that Jason De Tatum. That's definitely Jason Tatum. I don't, I I, to me, see, to me that's when we're like for me, I would be upset. I would be, I would be more upset and I would've voiced it like, I'm not happy Brandon. We won and I'm, I'm happy for the team but I feel as though I should've been playing in this situation. But now you making it like I don't, I don't mess with dude after you already told people you rock with do like, that's what like what you doing Doing? Well he said when they ask him about it swish, he said it was definitely humbling. You know, when a guy saying something is humbling, you know, He's a humbling Yeah, for sure.


A humbling experience. You like, alright, Switch. When the last time you think Jason Tatum didn't play in a game that he was healthy to play? Probably elementary. Yeah. I'm about to say nah, probably not in elementary bro. It might have been elementary when his dad probably hold, held him out. Probably like, nah, you ain't playing today 'cause you did something like wrong or something. Like that's the only time. But he's, I, yeah, it's hard for me to believe that he's, he's ever not been the best player or the second best player on the team. It's hard for me to see any other scenario switch. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I I I find that hard to believe that he's, he's definitely not one or two.


Yeah. But even on that team, like it could be four or five don't play. Yes. So, but I'm saying but I'm saying to not think about it swish this man, they play what they play 40 minutes and he didn't play a single minute. Yeah. That's crazy. Think about it. Even when We don get a blowout We don. Hey we up because there are some games. Hold on, lemme see what you got. We beat, hold on. I actually took it down but I was, I was looking, we beating some team like 1 22 to 87. One 15 to 83 and you beat to tell me you couldn't find no minutes in there for your, Well at that point it's disrespectful. You not gonna throw buddy in there for a minute and a half and shit like that. Like you can't do that.


Well you don Hey you done dunked on me the whole game so you might as well just keep going. Might as well. Yeah. Disrespect is already done. You done pooped on the man the whole game. So if you pee on his foot, it ain't that bass. Wish. That's tough. That's tough. I I'll be hot bro. I'm te I don't know. So lemme ask you this. Who, who would you rather be the shooter? Would you rather be JB and not get picked? Yeah. Yeah. But they had already, they had already chosen the rosters before he went on this hot street before you won Eastern Conference player. Eastern Conference MVP and won the, the, before he won the Lag Bird award before he won the Bill Russell award.


They had already. So what that mean pick now. Okay. Oh, I know what you're saying. You said when Kawhi got, when Kawhi got left out bring jb but it seemed like who did, who did they bring? Derrick White, his teammate Derrick White. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Ooh. Oh yeah. Damn. You get final, you get not only Easter conference, MVP you get finals. MVP you win the chip. Your man is on the cover of 2K. He get, he just signed for, well both of y'all signed for the bag. Right? But then you don't even get picked. Yeah, I'd, I dunno, I'd rather be Jason Tatum. At least I got pick. Yeah, but I was, I I'm trying to think, did I, I thought they might, but I was like when you look at it, okay, they got LeBron, they got kd, Jason Tatum, right?


Who's the who the, who's the other, who's the other three or the four that they could, that they had on the team? Because Derrick White was a guard. Holiday was a guard. Steph was a guard. Atman was a guard. So you had four guards. Okay. You got Embi, you got ad or your two bigs. Bam did they have another big Bam. So, so that's it. So that's seven. You got 10. So you got two, you got two Bowl. So you got book. Yeah. You forgot book. Yep. Hey Halliburton, Halliburton gotta go. You gotta go. Gotta he gotta go The man. Hold on. You gonna cut the man.


You already the man that went through all that. He what you mean? He, Hey dog. He the dude in class project sitting in the back like, hey yo, we got a a, he He got a, he he got a No participation. No, I can't say he did no participation. He showed up for practice. He gave good effort to practice. He gave the schemes. He he brought the card, he brought the cardboard. You know you got this one kid that bought the parent got money and they should do it by the cardboard paper. Oh and the, He got all that for sure The NBA suspends Joelle and be for three games for shoving Philadelphia. Inquired column Miss Marcus Hayes, the altercation stemmed from a column published in October by the Inquirer.


That column written by Hayes criticized MB for missing games. But mentioned both in bee's brother who passed away tragically in a car accident and in bee's young son who he named after his brother. The story has since been edited to remove mentions of either relative. Hayes will continue covering the Sixers following the incident was a three game suspension Fair switch. What? Nah, hell nah. Nah, he like, at the end of the day, for real to me, you gotta like, you gotta draw the line somewhere. If you wanna critique me and my game, no problem. You got all of that. You can critique me, you can talk about me, you can talk about my availability.


You can talk about my money or my salary. 'cause everybody talking about it anyway. You can talk about my minutes, my shots, all of that. But you talking about my son, you talking about my my my dead brother? No, no, no, no. That's where we draw the line dog. I gotta put hands on you. I gotta put the pause on you dog. Hands and feet straight up. I don't play We don play of that. Listen that, that part, that's part of being a journalist, part of being an analyst. It's One thing to be able to critique. But what he did was it was, it was in, it was in bad taste. It was in bad taste. You didn't have to go that route. There's a, there's a way to do things and get your point across without doing it that way. He did that on purpose purposely to jig and knowing that it would catch headlines and catch fire and it would upset him.


He knew that you, you Yeah, that what he ordered. That's a way things Yeah. I but I think I use the term swish. I don't believe that's the cup of water that caused the Atlantic to a flood. I believe Marcus Hayes has been writing these articles. Yeah. Oh yeah. And Joel and Bead has been fed up because what is causing is that the, the, the fans in Philly is starting to question him. And you remember Swish, he said I've done too much for these, for this city for the fans to be talking this ish. Like they talking. So you can tell the constant mentioning, well damn, when Joe gonna come back, oh he just signed a a three year deal for like 130, blah blah blah blah blah blah.


And it's been a continuation. Yeah. His health has been an issue. We know Joel MB would've been the first pick in the draft had he not had that back issue. And the caveat when you mention the Sixers all the time, I'm not saying Marcus Hayes is right, but the caveat is always Joel m b's health, if they healthy, they can make a deep run with Paul George Maxi. But if everything is always since MBI has been in the league, everything is contingent on his health. That's but that, I mean that's true. Everything is contingent on and from the Sixers standpoint on Joelle's Health, that's been like, that been since even when Ben was there. It was like that.


But my thing is, yeah, all I've done for the city, what'd he do? He put on some Boys and Girls club or something around there. What do he do? He ain't went to not one final. But fans don't, He ain't went nowhere. What do he, what do you do? But swish, that's what a lot of times players don't understand. Although the fans in the community are very appreciative and receptive for what you do. They want you to win a title. They'd rather for you to win a title than put up a boys and club. Girls club. They would rather for you to build a title than give, give books to a library or something. Because at the end of the day, that's kinda why you're there.


Although they're very appreciative of anything that you do outside of that. I don't want people to take misconstrue this and say, well, Shannon said no, but the fans are not looking for you to come into a city and says, okay, he gonna rebuild a city. Oh he gonna, all the libraries and all the parks and the playgrounds, he gonna repaid the blacktop. Nah bro, bring a championship. Last time I checked Philly is still one of the murder capitals. Like, would you stop violence? You stopped guns. Like what happened? Well, I'm trying to understand like all you did for who? They, they paid you a lot of money. What, what did you do For who, what, what? They did a lot for you. Be grateful. Yes, Yes. Look like don't, let's not get it twisted, bro.


Like, this is where I like for me, where I like, I don't, I don't, I find us in this weird space to where we're entitled. So like, bro, you're not entitled to anything. You're, you're, you're entitled to scrutiny. No, just like everybody else in this game, but you're entitled to a certain type of scrutiny. So, and that's where, for me it draws a line for where the report, what, what the reporter said. Because I don't think he deserved that. But you, you don't, you ain't above nothing. Well, sometimes I think sometimes guys do things in the community and it thinks it makes them above criticism. No it's not. I don't care what I don't. Hey, you see LeBron can build a I promise school, but if you don't play well, the fans are gonna be upset and the writer's gonna write stuff that's not, that's not flattering and that's their job.


I can't, I can't look past what he built the school he played bad. So since he built the school, I can't say anything negative, which that ain't How works. Just don't tell me you did this outta goodness of your heart. 'cause that's not why you did it. You, you did this outta credibility down the road. Like I can get away with some shit. Like, alright, cool. Like I, I can skate. Like, nah, that's not why you did it. You did it outta the goodness of your heart. Right? So let's keep it there. Right. So you said this to you, it was excessive ocho I know you said it was excessive. I'm not surprised because you know what, you know Adam Silver and the the Director of Punishment, Joe Dumars, what they're trying to do now we can, we, we have to have a level.


I understand you might disagree with what he is said, but we gotta have a level. We can't have that line crossed It. I mean its very precedent when you look at it as, as far as the organization and the NBA as a whole, it doesn't look good in totality. But at the end of the day, you gotta have these pe like the reporters gotta answer to something. You gotta Realize these are people now they got feelings, they got emotions just because people see, people think swish and, and, and, and ocho you know we, you and I have talked about this. Yeah. Just because you make a lot of money, you ain't got no feelings. Now you should be able to take everything no matter what. Somebody say somebody paying you 30, 40, 50, $60 million. Man, if somebody was paying me, it's easy for you to say that.


It's easy if a person making 25,000 or 50,000. But I tell you what, you ain't gonna let your boss talk to you any kinda way. If you was making 75,000, you making 25 your boss, all of a sudden you get a raise a hundred thousand, you ain't gonna let your boss talk to you. Yes, yes. For a normal person. If you put him in a situation, yeah you would take more getting 60 million. But would you take more in your and put it, frame it in your thing. You make 20, you make 50,000, you make 75 your balls, you get a raise to 1 25. You feel your boss or somebody can say whatever they can, they wanna say to you, stupid, stupid, anything mf you stupid B they can talk to you any kind of way.


No sir. No, no sir. No, no. Hell no. No sir. You know, know what's funny, you know what's funny Bosses and those in positions of power know who to fucking play with like that anyway. Yeah. You know who you can get away with being slick at the mouth too. A hundred percent. Yeah. You know, and I guarantee that's why you, I I know MB won't have no more issues with that reporter writing anything crazy or nobody Else. No, no, no. Nah. And I think the thing is, that's why, you know, sometimes you just say, you know what, I'm gonna go ahead and go and exit stage left. Yeah. Because you only go, you only gonna to a, because like my grandfather say, boy, if you gotta always keep being the bigger man, you hanging with too many small people.


I'm not Finn to keep letting you take your damn shots at me. And you keep taking the shots, keep taking the shots and you talking about hey, oh no, that ain't a part of nothing. No, because I ain't taking, I ain't taking no shots at nobody and then I'm just supposed to sit there and take it. Why? Man, please let me just go ahead. Hey, I ain't gonna lie. Me and my people would've had to see him. Nah, I might let one, I might let one or two of 'em slip. But like I said, I was very, very, very clear with how I expected can I treat people how I wanna be treated Ocho I do. Yeah. And if, if I don't rock, my thing is switch. I don't know how you operate but if I don't rock with somebody, it ain't no man.


I wonder if I, man I wonder if he rocked with me, man. IW you know I ain't in your face. I ain't in your circle. Hey, I'm over here. You over there. I'm going my way. I don't mention your name. Hopefully you don't mention mine. We cool now We not cool but we but all that we, we straight. No, you no, no. We cool. I'm talking about Icy. I mean you, you, you the south. I'm an article you the South Pole, we cool Right? Keeping distance. You, that's it man. I'm just trying to figure out why people feel they gotta talk. Oh, talk. Just because you know, you could talk to somebody any kind of way.


Nah man, them just words. Okay, well go get 'em words to somebody else because I ain't about that man. All the, I'm just gonna, all lip boxes is probably in a bad situation. I'm telling you right now the age I'm made. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.