
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Hey friend, I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out. Then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now. Dot com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary


The Volume. Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us as the Denver Nuggets four C game seven with a 1 19 1 0 7 victory over eight oh KC. They got production from where they needed it. Nico Yoki was sensational tonight. 29 points, 14 rebounds, eight assists. He got 25 points from Jamal Murray. 23 points from Christian Braun, but it was STR off the bench that gave, that was four.


Four from the free throw line and three or four from the three point line, four of eight from the field. They gave him 15 big points off the bench and that was the difference as they win by 12 1 19 to 1 0 7 ocho, we've got a game seven. Yeah, game seven. I guess if you play a series sports No, no phrase is more important than game seven. Seven. Yeah. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host, Liberty City Legend, the bingo Ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowler, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast.


Feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. We thank you for counting. We thank you for mattering. We also thank you for helping us matter. I don't know if you saw this today, ocho Yeah, but net dang. YouTube came out with their top 100 podcasts, even though we, huh? You saw it? No, I didn't see it. You know, uncle, I been with all the rookies today. Talk to me now. We Shehe Media have two shows in the top 100 Club shehe at number seven. Number 28 is Nightcap. Now there are some bad, You know, the thing is on show that's not really what we, we getting better at it and we're gonna get even better. But once we get back in our element, which is the NFL season.


Yes sir. We gonna climb back up in that top 10 like where we supposed to be. Listen, but, But look, look, you gotta understand how good it is for that not to be our element, obviously. And we, us doing what we doing right now and still be at 28. 28 outta 100, outta hundred. And we in front of some, And we, and we're in front of some pods ocho that basketball is their specialty. Yeah. So it just goes to show you that our fans, that they respect what we do. Yeah. They support what we do and they're gonna tune into what we do. So we can't. Thank you guys. Enough. Also joining us. We have a very special guest to talk this game tonight. His nickname was The Matrix. He's a four time all star. Two time all NBA an NBA champion with the Mavs.


His number 31 j Jersey is retired with the Phoenix Sons, ladies and gentlemen, Harry, he is Sean, the Matrix. Marion Matrix. What's going on, bro? You good? What's up? What's up on Can Chad, what's good? Good man. We good bro. Thanks for joining us. We'll get right to you in just a second. Please make sure you go check out Shaa by La Porter. We do have it in stock. It's the best, it's the best. Testing BSOP Premium Cognac on the market. Now, if you cannot find it in a city or state near you, order it and we'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84.


Bing spelled out. We do nice things like this. The link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour are on sale. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, Los Angeles, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@sheshemedia.com slash tour. That's sheshe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now and catch out your favorite UNC and OCHO as we come to a city near you. Ah, Matrix. We got a game seven. The Denver Nuggets do what I thought they would do going home.


They hold serve and they force a game. 7 1 19 to 1 0 7. You got great contributions. You got five guys in double figures led by Nicola Yoki 29, 14 and eight. Jamar Murray had 25 8 assists. Christian Brown, brown had 23 points, 11 big rebounds. He had five assists. Michael Porter, Jr. He came to the party tonight. He didn't, he didn't take many shots, but he made the shots that he took, he made those count. He had 10 points, but it was str off the bench that gave him 15 big points. He was three or four from the three, three point line and four of eight from the free throw, excuse me, from the field watching this game Matrix. What did you like about what you saw from the Nuggets?


Because I thought they took control early in the first quarter and then they kinda let it slip away in the second quarter. They regained it in the third quarter and then went cruised home in the fourth quarter. It was tough nip and tuck, but they broke the game open. What did you like about what you saw from the Nuggets Tonight? Championship. Pedigree. We got two of the best closers in, in the, in the game right now with a joker and Murray man, Murray stepped up big, You know, he came up, they said he was sick before the game, but man, You know, I, I think he's, he's special man. I think he don't get enough credit as he, he deserves, man. I think he you can game game. That's a tough team to beat, man. You know what I like, I like the fact that they're really aggressive.


They shot 32 free throws tonight. So that tells me they're not, they weren't settling, they were trying to put pressure on the, the OKC defense. Know this is a very good defensive team. They got guys that that can offend. They switch everything. They got two bigs that can protect the paint. You got Jalen Williams, who's a great defender, Lou Dot, you have Caruso, Isaiah, Joe Wiggins Wallace. You got guys, they got about six or seven guys that can defend the wing and they switch everything because they don't wanna try to, they don't want to help and leave guys wide open. And I thought the Nuggets did a great job tonight. Matrix of putting the ball on the floor, trying to get the ball to the rim. And they drew a lot of fouls. They shot 32 free throw attempts.


They was 27 to 32 and the, the thunder was only 10 or 16. And Shea Gill just shot 11 of the 16 free throws. I thought Jalen Williams, he was off tonight. He was three or 16 from the floor or four from three. And he didn't get to the free throw line at all. Hartenstein, he doesn't really normally get to the free throw line. Lou do didn't get to the free throw line. But when you only got three guys and they take all your free, all 16, that tells me you're not nearly aggressive enough. And maybe you settle a little bit more for threes than you, you should have. Yeah. They need somebody else step up tonight. You know, I think when you look at this game, You know, they're a young team, You know, I think they're, they're, they're growing. They're getting better as they keep playing. But man, You know, I think the execution of Denver just, just prevailed and they just, man they played smart and they took care of the ball.


They needed to, they had too many mistakes out there. Young mistakes. You know, it's a, it's a, it's a mentality of these young teams that, that they, I love. Okay. See they play hard, You know, they play break with their hands, but I think sometimes they just, some seems like they going nog going through the motions at times and, and they just, they get up there, they get off the brake, they pump the brakes a little bit when they need to be putting their foot, foot on their pedal and, and taking it to another level. They showing signs they can do it. They're resilient team. But when them, them mistakes catching up with them, they, they turn the ball a little too much. Yeah. And then not a three point shooting team. O2, they were 11 or 40 tonight. They were 20, 27 and a half percent. Julian Strau, he hit more threes than any player on OKC.


And so we knew that, look, the big guns, they got a fire tonight. Joker and, and, and, and Murray, they did that. Now where else can we get some production? Because they needed those points. Because in the fourth quarter he had some big threes. Yeah, he got a couple of rebounding. Put some put backs, because you look at it, OKCs bench is better, is way's better than the, the Nuggets bench. And so they needed some production off that bench and Julius Strother gave that to them. 15 points a career playoff high, three or four from the three point line. I thought Christian Brown was fa fabulous tonight. 23 points. Oh Joe, 11 'em rebounds. Yeah. Five assists, three steals. He was three of six from the three point line.


He had more points than J Dub. He had more rebounds than Hartenstein. More steals than Caruso and more made threes than Shape. He's the youngest player in franchise history with a twenty ten five and three game in playoff. In a playoff game. Yeah. Jamar Murray has 25 points in playoff games. I mean, think about it. Jamar Murray has more 25 point playoff games than Devin Booker, Jalen Brunson, Joellen Bead, Kevin Garnet, Tracy McGrady, bill Russell, Derrick, Rhode, penny, Hardaway Johnson, bill, and Vince Carter. Wow. We don't look at, we don't look at Jamal like that because he's never been on the all NBA team. He's never been an All star. But as, as metrics as you said he can ball and the moment he's a big, he's like James worthy.


He's a big game player. The bigger the game, the better he plays. He knew his backup was his back was against the wall. If I don't play well, the series is over in six games. Let's get it back to OKC and let's see who can handle the pressure more, better we or them. I love the way they played tonight. I love the met the Championship medal as, as Matrix mentioned the Nugget Show. What did you like about what you saw from the Nugget Sojo? I mean obviously they played well. They suffocated, they suffocated. I'm, I'm just gonna say it, I feel they suffocated the, the goddamn the thunder. It was one on four. I I'ma just, I'm I'ma I'm gonna call, I'm gonna call it like that. It was, it was, You know, one on five actually, because Shaa was the only one that showed up tonight.


Even though he, he, he had 28 points, but he only had two assists and he had four turnovers. But yo Joker doing what he does and God damn Jamal Murray with 25 tonight. Listen, they, they set the tone. You expect a game like this, you want to be able a, you a young team like that, that can, that's up and down the floor that play good defense. You wanna be able to close out a game like this, huh? You wanna be able to. But obviously the Nuggets, having that championship pedigree and, and being that they've been in this position before they were able to pull this game off. The fact that shaa, the fact that it was the game of this, this much importance and Shaa was the only one that show up tonight and nobody else did. Lou Dot Hartenstein, Jalen Williams, they played, they played bad.


They played bad. Now I don't know if, if maybe they might have been tired. They may, they may wanna get to game seven and then just pull a, pull a rabbit, pull a a rabbit out that had a something. Now you can't chance that OCHO because you a rolled ankle. You an elbow, you are, you are, you are a bad player. You are, you a push, you lose your composure. You are one player away from being out of this thing. Yeah. And so you never, you never put off tomorrow what you can get done today. Why now I get that, You know, in front of our home crowd. But your home crowd doesn't guarantee you a win. And so that's why I would be, I look and plus the nuggets have been in game seven. They've been here, they've done that. They're battle tested. They got a three time league MVP and they got one of the best big game finishers and Jamal Murray in the NBA.


So I wouldn't want to test, test that. I thought Chad played really good today. He did. He was eight or 14. He had 11 rebounds. But Jalen Williams, who's their second best player, did not have his best game. He had six, he had six points with 16 shots. Ocho he was all four from the three. And he didn't get to the free throw line. So that tells me he was settling. He wasn't nearly aggressive as he needed to be. Yeah, because he can put the ball on the floor and he settled for those three point shots, which the nuggets will gladly accept 16 free throws. 40, 43 attempts. That's not thunder to basketball. They need to be somewhere between 25 and 30 free throw attempts and keep that, those that the three point attempts somewhere.


Like if you get to 30, you could live with that, you could live with that. But they got the 40 and they only made 11. They weren't nearly aggressive enough. I think that, that, that, that, that's, that that was a problem for them tonight. But the nuggets was plenty, plenty aggressive with 33, 32 free throw attempts looking at this game. So projecting Matrix going to a game seven, what do you think OKC need to do to keep the nuggets from coming into their building in a game seven and walking out there going to the Western Conference finals? What did I say? Show up. I mean, I think it's, it's, it's, it's, it's gonna be simple to them.


And that's not be simple, but you need your, your your, your role players play better at home. So this, that's gonna be, that, that's what home court advantage is at right now in this postseason. So it's been, it's been paying off. But both teams have won 'em both on, on both their home courts. So Correct road. So listen, that seven games, man, you just, you just don't know man. You got you throwing it up in the air and like, listen, let's go to war. You know, you gotta come to, you gotta come to fight. You know, I, you just don't know because LeBron's been, been, been struggling the last three games, You know what I'm saying? Two or three games. Yeah. And he been shooting, he found his shot and this shot shot tonight. So look, Gordon's have been playing great. He didn't have a great eight night. He ain't, he ain't score like five points I think.


What did he score mean? I mean, how many points? Gordon, Gordon score Knight, he's five. He, he had five points on two or seven. But did I see him grab, did you think he, it looked like he grabbed his hamstring. It looked like that that left Hammy started bothering him because he was doing, You know, he was grabbing a little bit now. Yeah. Left one, the left, the left side hamstring's didn't nothing to play with it. If he hurt now that, that's, that's, ooh, I, I don't want that. I, I don't wanna see no injuries in the postseason, but man, that, that can, that can change the dynamic of everything. You know what I'm saying? On certain teams, You know, he, he's a big part to their team and what he's done for this, for the postseason and they helped him win the championship two years ago. So it's gonna be interesting to see who shows up. I mean, it's like, yeah, ain't no more schemes. Ain't no more drawn up this and that.


Know does know when you, they know when they go, they know when nobody go into the, ain't no. So let's, let's, let's come to war baby. Yeah, I thought the nuggets, I thought the nuggets. I thought the Nuggets bench, they got 27 points from their bench to offset the 30 points. Because normally the thunder bench blows the nuggets bench away. Yeah. Tonight it was only a plus three. Woo. You could live with that because the nuggets are only gonna play like three guys off the bench. Russ, Watson and Strather. Those are the only two, those are the only three guys that's gonna get off the bench.


Now we know OKC they're gonna play five guys coming off the bench. Yeah, that's what they do. That's what they normally do tonight. They played a few more, but it, it was in mop up duty. So I don't really count those. Right. But you look at guys that Wallace played 27 minutes. Wiggins played 12 minutes. Caruso played 27 minutes and Jay Williams played 14 minutes. So that's 1, 2, 3, 4. So they play nine guys sometimes, occasionally they'll play 10. Actually they played, well you can look at it. They played 10 'cause Isaiah Joe played eight minutes. All the other guys played one minute. That was mop up duty. So You know, they're normally gonna run nine, 10 guys at, at your ocho and that's where they kind of do a lot of the damages because they got guys that can go get buckets against your second unit.


You look at Caruso, you look at Carson Wallace, you look at Wiggins and Isaiah Joe, those guys can score. And so that's normally the deciding factor is that when they take their starters out, OKC take their starters out, their second unit can get some distance. Yeah. Or they can claw back. If they're behind, they can claw back some of the, some of the dig into the lead that you have. Right. But I thought the Nuggets bench played extremely well tonight. I think Coach Alman is gonna be very pleased with the performance that he got. You know, Jamal Murray got a little careless with the basketball late in the ball game. I think he had like two or three consecutive turnovers and got the game a little bit more interesting than probably what it should have been late. But I love the way they, they re regathered themselves and it was able to close this game out by 12.


So we have a game seven in the Western conference, semifinals the Denver nuggets by the score of one 19 to 1 0 7 over the OKC Thunder force. The game seven. And that game will be on Sunday and we'll break be right here to you. The nuggets we'll play in game seven for the seventh time in the Yoic era. Sunday would be their first game. Seven on the road. They had a road game during the bubble. But that doesn't count because everybody was on the road. Ocho who you, who you like Ocho, who you like in this game? Seven. You, you taking the thunder or you taking the nuggets? Listen, the nuggets Have already been there before. I wanna see Shea win it. I wanna see the MVP get into it. I think the difference in this game is going have to be the bench.


It got to be the bench, the goddamn bench got to show up. Shit. Ain't gonna do what he does. Jalen Williams shit. They gonna do what they do. I think the bench is gonna be the difference. They, they, they, they have no choice. I mean, game seven for one and I'm giving the edge to the thunder because they gonna be at home. They gonna be at home. So I got, damn. And if you wanna put a little money on it, let me know, Man. I I told you it was concerning to me 'cause I saw Aren Gordon grabbing that hamstring. Yeah. And that's not a good sign. No. And I understand. They got, they don't play again Ocho until Sunday. If that hamster, hopefully it was like little dehydration and it's just grabbing on me. It just spasming it up. It is not a strain of anything. So let's, let's just hope, hope for that. Let's, let's, You know, pray for the best.


Yeah. That's all, that's all we can do at this point in time now. But they got their work cut out for him. If, if, if if Gordon was a hundred percent healthy and I didn't see him go grab that hamstring, I probably would've went with the nuggets Wait Plan. And It doesn't matter. Okay. See, I like, I like, I like yo and, and Murray to pull this thing out. All I wanna do is get the lead. See, I wanna get, I wanna keep your crowd out of the game and Matrix, You know this, the longer I can keep your crowd outta the game, the better my chances are because the home team's gonna feed off that energy. But I ain't gonna give you nothing to cheer about. I'm gonna come out, jump out on you 10. Nothing make you call the time out, you hit the bucket, then we gonna go on another spurt. And so we gonna keep the crowd on the hands. We're gonna, we're gonna have the crowd waiting for you to give them something to cheer about.


But that moment is never gonna come. Go ahead. Matrix. I tell you what KC is one of the most loudest arenas I've ever played in. It's gonna be rock in there. So I, I can't wait. I'm excited for it, You know what I'm saying? I've been in that arena and that's a hostile environment in there. And I'm telling you it's gonna be off the chain. I think KC gonna pull it out for some reason though. See? Tell you, huh?


Hey friend, I know how it feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out then I discovered better women. I was skeptical at first, but two months in everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control, better woman is natural, effective and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Uses. Directed individual results may vary


In honor of military appreciation month. Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 0.99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine 0.99 purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months. 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade In and additional terms apply


Majors. Your former team won the NBA draft artist doesn't seem like a tough decision who they'll take, but now some NBA executives are reportedly skeptical that Cooper Flagg will develop will whether or not he'll develop into a superstar. According to Howard Beck of the Ringer, one anonymous ex exec said that while Flagg has a high chance of becoming an All star, he isn't in the same class as other recent number one overall pick, such as Victor Win and Zion Williamson. In terms of being a can't miss generational prospect. Another executive suggested flag may be a very good player but not a star. While the third said flag does have superstar potential, but they aren't sure he'll be a future MVP candidate.


I think those are all the guys that want the, the Mavericks, the Trade Cooper Flag tool. Yeah, basically. I mean, hat on radio, Eric Matrix haven't played this game for as long as you haven't been and seeing some of the other great players that played this game. What do you think the ceiling is for Cooper Flag? Man, You know what? I don't know what the ceiling is, but I think he's so talented and so skilled right now and the year he had in Duke. I mean, listen, Scott's limit for the young man, I think as long as he come in, put the work in and we seen samples of what he can do when he plays against the USA basketball team. Last USA. Yep. So, so the, the work is there now that it's gonna be a different test now having to go against these go, go against these players night in and night out.


But I mean, if, if he comes to the Mavericks and we mavericks draft him, number one, I think he coming into a great organization and a great situation. You know what I'm saying? He's not gonna be the, the, the number one, he's not the face. No, no, not the, not the focal point. And he got, he got some, you got some great veteran leaders on that team that can help them. And it's, it is gonna be an easier transition when, You know, a lot of times people will be, a lot of times good teams don't ever get the first pick. You know what I'm saying? Teams, You know, just because you're a lottery team don't mean you're a bad team. You just had a bad Correct that bad season things didn't fall your way. So a lot of times a lot of good, some good players come into teams that are, are bad. You know what I'm saying? You come into a situation where they want you to be the guy immediately.


And sometimes that doesn't work out for a lot of guys, You know what I'm saying? It's that much pressure. It's harder, there's too much everything going on. Too many moving parts. But he got a good chance to go into a good organization, good coach Jay Kid, my guy, You know what I'm saying? And man playing with Anthony Davis, Kyrie, the Clay Thompson and a young, a young group of guys that's talented and they hungry. So I mean, I think, You know, as we sit here and talk about all these teams and stuff, a lot of, a lot of teams are either one player or one and a half player away from going to the finals. I I say this every year all the time. That that, that the parody is so close during down the league that, You know what I'm saying? All, all it take is get you get getting high at the right time.


Right. Ocho what do you think Cooper Flag Ceiling is? Because he is a lot of exec says, yeah, yeah, I think he'll be a good player but not a superstar. I think he'd be good, but he's not, he's not Zion, he's not Victor Wema. I, we don't see him as a, as this generational talent like can't miss. And another guy's like, well I don't see him as an MVP candidate. There've been a lot of great players that didn't win the MVP. Boy. Hell, they said the same thing about Joker. You see where he went, right? Yeah. He probably said the same thing about him, but obviously you watch Cooper Flag, he's looking what he's done at Duke. Right. And you watch him play against the, the, the elite talent at the college level. But then you also watched what he was able to do against the USA basketball team before they prepared for the Olympics.


And you understand he has all the tools in the toolbox. He's someone that works hard and obviously him going to Dallas and not having to be the face and just being a part of that team and being able to work on his game and evolve his game to a point to where he actually can become a superstar. I mean, how many times do you have a player that's a generation, a generational talent and comes out and is a Mbma or a Zion Williamson, those, those are special talents that come around every so often. Everyone else that becomes Elite or MVP caliber, they have to work at it. Right. You have to give him an opportunity to work on this game because everybody doesn't just come out nor to be all right. A chosen one. There's only so many LeBrons. Yeah. Just because I think the thing is, and, and Major, correct me if I'm wrong, a lot of times in no till we know this, it's like, oh, he, number one, he transcended, he generational, he's franchise altering.


No, somebody's gotta go number one. Yeah. Every year who you, because you go number one, that doesn't mean you're gonna be Kareem or Magic or LeBron or, or, or one of these other historically great players that have been selected, number one. And so I think that, that, that needs to be, that needs to be the thought process. People think just because you go number one. Oh, he about to be Peyton Manny. Oh, he about to be John Elway. No, that's not necessarily true. Somebody has to go number one. And maybe just because he went number one, that doesn't mean he's gonna be franchise altering. It could, he could. He could. Because look, we can say that there have been plenty of guys that they've had late, the, the tag can't miss and they missed.


Yeah. And there've been some guys that like, damn, I didn't see that. Because if you'd have saw that, like you said Ocho, if everybody would've thought Yoki was going to be what he turned out, he wouldn't have been been the, in the second round, he'd have been the number one pick of the draft. Exactly. Exactly. And because he wasn't, that just goes to show you. It's, you never know what a guy has in here. You never know. You can look at it and say, oh man, that joke is 16, he can jump out the win gym, he can shoot the three, he can get to the midi, whatever the case may be. But what does he have in here? How much does it mean to him? Because some guys, it means more to others and they're willing to work a little harder in order to achieve it. Yeah. Some guys that it comes natural to Matrix and they don't work nearly as hard and you're like, man, I sure wish I had that guy's talent with his talent and my work ethic.


Hell, I could have been this. What do you, what, what do you think? What do you think? Matrix, man, listen y'all, y'all hitting on a lot of, a lot of, a lot of points man. I think one of the biggest things I'm a, I'm a firm believer in is in order to be successful you gotta sacrifice. Hmm. How much are you willing to sacrifice to, to get to that position, to get to that next level? I think he has, like you said, he has all potential. One of the things I, you didn't realize, I guess during the history and everybody's talking about he gonna be the, if he it when, and it happens, he will be the first white boy to actually go number one in the draft in, in a long time. Think about that. Yeah. We ain't had most hell Bill Wal. Yeah. Most all 'em are are all the, all the, all the white players in the league now are European or, or black.


Yep. And that's not saying a joke first, first American, all them, he's the first American. Yeah. American boy gonna be going number one in the draft. That's tough. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Gallinari Gallinari with number one. Yeah. Did he go number one? Yeah, he did. I think. Yeah, he did. Yeah. Toronto. Yeah. But that, that's a lot, man. Ain't a lot. But man, he's tough man. I, I wish him the best man. I think he has a tremendous upside to the young got, it's gonna be exciting to watch. Oh yeah. From Indiana. Who, yeah, Kent. The last, the last American born white player to go number one overall was Kent Benson.


What year was that? I think he, he the one that got in a fight with Kareem and Kareem broke. He elbowed Kareem and Kareem turned around and punch to be the face. He broke his nose. Yeah. What year was that though? 45 years ago. Hey, 1977. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Because we Walton Wal, what was Walton in 70, 77? 76. Yeah. 70, 75, 76. Wal might have been 75, 76. Who was 75? I was at that draft. Yeah. So that's, you wasn't even born yet, but okay. No, we no. Who was born. Yeah. So it's, well Wal, Wal was 70 was the 74 draft. Yeah. That's special man. But yeah, that's a long Yeah, that's, I mean that's a long time, long time, man.


Listen, I think he's special though. I, I wish him all of luck, man. I hope, I hope it, I hope he's able to excel and do everything he wants and put it, I I heard he got a great work ethic out. Heard he a great, I ain't that got it. Win number one. So I, I heard he, I heard he's a special kid. I ain't met him yet. Yeah. I heard great things about him already and I thought I was gonna see him. I'm, I'm up here in the, I went to the combine yesterday, so Yeah, that's for Toronto. I ain't seen him yet, so I was hoping to run into him, but I ain't bump into him. So Yeah, for you run the corner. Me, we were, you, you was at the right team. It was Andre Ani. Yeah. That was number one overall in 2006 to Toronto. You had the right team. I I but I, I knew I was like, no, it was, it, I got, got it confused, but it was Andre, it was Ani in 2006.


Yeah. I played with Andre. What? Well, but he was foreign born. Yeah, but we talking to American born playing. Hell, there hadn't been a whole lot of them. I mean, you gotta go, I mean you go back to Walton in 74, you got Ken Benson in, in in 76. No m so it's not like it's, You know, it's not been a, it's not been a, a whole lot of American born white players. That's been selected number with overall, but if it, it'd be a huge accomplishment for Cooper Flagg. I'm sure he'd be very excited. His family, his town, his hometown state would be very excited to see finally, finally an American born white player, be selected. Number one. All it's, it, it, it's, it's interesting to see because to see the, the way he plays OCHO because of the size that he has.


Yeah. What he 6, 8, 6 9. Yeah. He can handle the ball. Yeah. Because he led, he led Duke and everything scoring, rebounding assist, block shot steals. So it shows that he's well-rounded. He could do, he could do a, he could do basically everything. Yep. Yep. A look of everything. And, but the difference is he was coming into Duke is one thing coming into the NBA where there are guys just as skilled, just as tall can jump just as high, can run just as fast as shoot, just as good can play defense just as good can do everything you do just as good. That's what's set. That's what you, when you start getting to levels, you say, okay, you go to JV and then you go to high school and then you go to college or you go to the G league or whatever the case may be.


But once you get to the pros, which is N-B-A-N-F-L-M-L-B, whatever the case, whatever sport that you play. Yeah. You understand like there's levels to this. Yes, it is. Yeah. And people feed, this is what I tell. They say, these are grown men, this is how they feed their family. This is how kids go to private school. This is how college tuition get paid. This is how to make sure the wife go a significant other doesn't have to work. This is how mom or grandma get the house, bro. Guys are not gonna allow you to take food off their table. Now they, they, hey, they bringing it because that's how I, that's how I look. I don't know how you guys approached it on your, but I looked at, oh, you try to take kid, you try to take my kids outta school. You try, you try to get my grandma to have to go back to do a little odds and end jobs.


Oh no bro, that ain't finna happen. Uhuh. Hey, You know that's our old school mentality though. That's our generation. That ain't the new generation mentality. Nah, really? They don't think like that. No, No, no. Not like that. No, no. But that's, that's, that's our, that's our train of thought because no, we were survivors back then. These, now it's a, it's a big entitlement now these days. But some of these kids, there are some special ones that truly believe in putting the work in. And I think he's one of those guys. I think, listen, a lot of us now, we know what the gang gave us and the opportunity gave for our, for us ourselves, our families and our friends and everybody we've been able to truly bless. But sometimes a lot of people take these things for granted and it can be over just as fast as it, it it can, You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. Lemme ask you this because we've been hearing a lot of, a lot about this Nico, Harrison, tres Luca Doni. Now all the, the rating goes haywire. He's in LA and now he trades Luca and all of a sudden, and the number two pick goes to Utah, which means the number one pick goes to the Dallas Mavericks. Do you believe the draft is rigged? No, the draft lottery is rigged. No, I don't, I don't it, it's just sometimes it things work out in their favor, man. I think, You know, if you look at it, if it was rigged, then why are teams tanking purposely to try to get number one pick most of the teams that tank ever, what team has ever tanked, purposely tanked and got number one, one number one pick.


Can you do the history on that? True. Yeah. What team is actually be very interested because the team that, that started tanking, they, they, they pick it way down, they gonna be need to tank again. You know what I'm saying? So when you start thinking about all that stuff, man, listen, everybody gonna always have a speculation. Somebody gonna always have something to say whether it's right or wrong. Yeah. Yeah. You know what, You know what space we in hell, the, the conspiracy theories gonna always exist. Watch Smith come on. It started the first year that it actually started guys, the first year they had the lottery in 85 and the Knicks ended up getting Patrick Ewey. So that started, they're like, hold on, it's how did New York the first year they got in the lottery, he get he the Patrick Ewey. Yeah.


So that started, so ever since then, they's like, hold on. You mean to tell me a guy that grew up one hour away from Cleveland and he's coming out and he end up to the CVEs, LeBron, I dunno. It just, hey, listen, hey. It, it was, it was, it was such a convenience, it's such an odd convenience too. You know, Sean, to where it almost seems like even though if, if you're conspiracy theorist and all, it just seems like it, it was rigged or done on purpose to, to satisfy not just the, the, the, the Mavs organization, but the fans as well. And to get ni Nico, Nico Harrison off the goddamn hook. That's just what it feels like. Just how, what, what are the odds? Think about it though.


What are the odds? 1.8, they had the fourth, they had the fourth longest odds to get the number one overall pick. I think Derrick Rose was like one for Chicago, another one Chicago got Derrick Rose. We ain't wanna talk about that, but go ahead. Go ahead. Yo, finish your point. Yeah, I, I was just saying, just the fact that it, it all happened that way and it, it was perfect. It seemed perfectly or orchestrated. You let, you let Luca go and you have nothing. Everybody's upset Nico Harrison keeps on talking about it, making everybody even more upset. And now to ease everybody's mind and ease attention. Damn. Now you got the number one pick two. I don't know. It just, it just seems the odds. If the odds are that good, we need to go play the goddamn lotto.


Yeah, yeah. But let, lemme ask you this Matrix, what was your reaction when you found out your team had traded Luca to the Lakers? Lakers? Listen, I, I ain't gonna lie to you. When we saw it, we thought it was a hoax. We thought everybody did it and we thought it was a fake. We thought it was some bullshit. Be honest with you, we ain't, yeah. Like, nah, there ain't no way it happened. That don't even sound real, man. I was getting text messages, I was getting it, it, it started hitting sports center and it was like everything, I was like, oh, oh, oh, this was for real. I was like, yo, what happened? But man, listen, it's the business man. You know, when you, when you ever to sit on the other side of the, on the other side of the, the business side, not the sporting side, just on the, on the, on the magac side, I'm the owner.


I've been the owner for sports now for seven years now. You know what I'm saying? I've been in that space. It's a different mindset. It's a business. At the end of the day, people don't really truly know, understand the dynamics of what owners do and don't do. All they see is what the fans do. I mean, what the, what what the sport is on the, I mean, what the things that go on the floor and what people get paid. It's a lot of moving parts behind the scene that go on to run these teams and organizations and stuff. So when there's so many moving parts going on, I just say, look man, it's, it's a business man. It things happen. You know what I'm saying? That that's, that's what it is. At the end of the day, we signed contracts, we was all athletes at one point, but we have no control of, or some of us have a little bit more control and say, so at times predicated on the situations and who you are and what you deal on that court.


But at the end of the day, if somebody wants to trade you, they got the right to trade you. You know that. Yeah. Right. Like, come on now. Like I'm not, I'm not saying all this, but they do have a owner, you signed a contract that owner controls your rights and everything you do, but he, you, you, he pay your salary, dude. He could. So he write them checks for you so you can go cash in little lifestyle that we do understand that it's a business and it's in time. A lot of things don't go to play as planned as you want sometimes. Listen, I I, I was traded what? Twice. Twice, You know? And, but I knew where I was going. I knew I had control over where I was going and dictated all that stuff. I knew exactly what was happening and how it happened, but like the same time and I had some leeway.


So le at least if you are gonna get a certain, a certain caliber player, you do have some say so and know what's going on and You know, it is what it is. It's part of it. Yeah. But see you had, you had some knowledge. Luca had no knowledge of it. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. Dude, this thing, this thing was had to, it had to be hush hush because we didn't hear anything about it. Mean Luca Lu Yeah. At this. Yeah. I mean, listen, and I think that's why it hurt him so much because he, I think he had all intents and purpose to spend his entire career in Houston. And you think a guy that's been to, excuse me, excuse Dallas. Dallas. We got, we got, yeah, I I think when you make five consecutive all NBA teams, you just took a team to the finals, you are like, You know what?


I'm here. Yeah. I ain't going nowhere as long as I want to be here. And plus the fact we had never seen someone his age, this talented leave without requesting to leave Kareem left because he wanted to leave LeBron left because he wanted to leave Shaq left. But we had never seen a guy this young, this accomplished leave and had no idea that it was going on, that they were going to move him. And I think that's what hurt him the most. And people always have this idea, You know, people love spending other people's money, man, what's $345 million? It ain't your money. They ain't nothing but that owner, the owner looking at it like, hold on 3 45 for Luca, I'm gonna probably have to break bread with Kyrie ad gonna want some money.


And so they're looking at the business aspect of it and like, You know, I know they were talking one time, but potentially moving it to Las Vegas, I don't think that's gonna happen. I think the NBA want their own team in Las Vegas and pro possibly another team in Seattle considering how much money is being paid for NBA franchises. But I think I, I, I, that's what I think Ocho lemme ask you this, do you think the vitriol, the outrage that the fan base in Dallas showed towards Nico and the Dallas organization, you think it was warranted? Absolutely. Absolutely. Based on what Luca's been able to do on the court, what he's done for them, especially the previous year, taking him to A NBA finals, it's god damn warranted.


It's absolutely warranted for a generational talent like that. I'm not sure what the issue is. I understand there might've been some things off the court that might've rubbed management long term and wanting to invest that kind of money in him. But when it comes to what he does on the court and understanding what he meant to, not just the Phantom Dallas, but what he meant to that organization, I, I just, I just don't, I, I just don't, I don't see myself doing it if I'm in their position. I, I, I just don't. How do you major you the general manager, You know, Luca in line to get a five year, $345 million contract. Now, I don't know if you talk to anybody in the building, I don't know how much time or do you live in Dallas?


Where do you live? Phoenix or Dallas? I'm in Dallas and Chicago. I'm in both. Okay. So I don't know how, how close you are to people in the building. You already, huh? Huh? He say I'm in both, but that boy got money boy. So keep that secret. I said I don't, I don't, I don't know, I don't know how close you are to people in the building or what you heard. You know, there are a lot of things about conditioning and then, You know, he likes, You know, he likes hookah and whatever the case may be. But at the end of the day, he's still giving you those numbers. So you are the general manager in Dallas and Luca's on your team. How do you handle this situation? You trade him. You know what, it's not, it's not as easy as you say that.


You asking me a, a question if I'm a gm, it's got, it's, it's so many other moving parts that go along with it though. Right. So when you I was, so, I, I would, I could say this, I'm, I was, I'm, I'm you, you gave me the GM hat, but I'm giving you the, the franchise player hat because I'm gonna give you something that comes along with being a franchise player. So you gotta, so you're the franchise player on the court, but you're also the franchise player. You're the face of everything in the community and all this stuff off the court if you're doing it the right way. All the steps. So I know what my, my job and my duty was when I signed that contract. When I said, max player, when you sign that contract, there's certain obligations that you have to abide by and do. So I've done that. So I I was in that space. Now Do, do, do I feel like that was the same situation here?


I don't know. I don't, I don't, I couldn't tell you. I think Luca was an amazing kid and everything. Me being a gm, I don't, I don't know if that's a, a GM call though. Honestly. Sometimes. Sometimes, sometimes. You know, I think that's what I'm saying. Everybody think it's always this. I'm, I'm, yeah. And, and like I said, I've been on the only, I'm on the older side now. I've been the only spot a lot of, a lot of decisions and everything. You know, this is a trickle down effect. You know what I'm saying? It's like everybody sitting here whispers and, oh, this, this came from this such and such man that, listen, you talking about a multi billion dollar dollar business, Don, what? This ain't coming from somebody. Somebody will open their damn mouth somewhere and said something. They ain't supposed to say it. Right. Or they gave me permission to say that. So at the end of the day, man, Nico, my guy, You know, I've been known Nico for, for 20 years, man.


And that's my guy. And at the end of the day, man, whether he did what it wasn't, I don't know whether he did it, what happened, happened. It is what it is. I don't think nobody was gonna give him any love of any followers for, I don't care who, what he got, he could have got Michael Jordan back. I think everybody would've still been mad. You know what I'm saying? So yeah. At end of the day, man, listen, like I said, it's a business man. I, it's, it's, it's sad, but I get it, man. I am a diehard cubby fan man. So, and, and players get traded all the time, man. Sometimes don't, some of your favorite players get gone. Guess what? I'm gonna be mad. I'm gonna be mad he gone, but I'm still gonna be a fan. I'm, I'm still be a fan of that player who got traded. You know what I'm saying? Right. And I'm still gonna be offended of the Cubs so that when I think about it from a fan standpoint, yeah, you gonna be in your feeling a little bit.


I I talked to some fans and I, I heard, I felt they pain, You know, I get it. You know what I'm saying? But they was like, no, I'm still a diehard master. And I love to hear that. You know what I'm saying? When you, when you fans, that's, that's the, that's the true, true nature of, of true diehard fans. When they tell you that they, they love the team so much. Man, listen, we going, we, we, we don't like it, we don't agree with it. But guess what? We gonna still be here and, and ride or die with you guys. Well hopefully it works out for the best and everybody on both sides, man. And that's what it is, man. You know, it's, it's, it's everything and everybody's so sensitive about everything now, so Yeah, it is. So it, it just escalated everything 10 times of what it was. And I get it. You know what I'm saying? Luca was special. He was doing, he was doing something amazing.


And they had, they went to the finals last year and then all of a sudden he got traded. He got moved and nobody knew, like you said, nobody could know about it. You know what I'm saying? Because it, it probably wouldn't have happened if, if if if it, if it came out that they was trying, it would never happen. Yeah. And this is what I know, Ocho You know this Yeah. Matrix, You know, this ain't no general manager making no call on no 345 million that's coming from ownership. He might, he might make a call to get a role player or a mid-level exception, right. With 345 million That's from The top. He ain't making that call. That's from the top. Hey listen, he ain't making that. Hey, hey, we need, we need a, we need a backup point guard or the mid level exception.


Exception or the vet minimum. You know what, do that, go ahead, do that. Go ahead, handle that Nico 345 million. You about to get somebody, you about to get somebody 70 million of my dollars. Oh hell no. Hey y'all Snoop, you stupid hell to the dog. He said what? He said, you want do what? How much? Oh wait, hold on, let me, let me, let me, let me think about ba look here. Bad when then got, if, if Meko did that on his loan, then got wind of that trade, What? But, but a lot of times you have to under, you understand Matrix when you are in that position.


Yeah. Yeah. It's like, and Ocho you we're not talking about this. Well, in the football aspect of it, Roger Goodell, he takes all the blowback for the owners. Yeah. Yeah. Roger ain't making no decision. That's them 32 owners that pay his salary. Right. You can't get a salary and then Think, you can Think you going call shots on your own if you receive a salary, you gotta, oh, you gotta take that from the bosses. Yeah. Same thing with Adam. Sil, Adam Silver. Adam Silver worked for those 30, those 30 owners of those NBA teams. Yeah. The same thing as Rob Manford. He worked for those owners of those baseball teams.


And so a lot of the blowback, the man that's terrible. Roger Goodell, boo Boo, Aren Joe. Remember we had just in the draft and they still booing. Yeah. Oh, they Always mean, I don't, I don't think people Understand. Don't worry about it. Yeah. Don't worry about it. Roger. Say y'all booing this 60 million, I got lifetime benefits and I get to fly private. So y y'all keep on booing. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I don't think, I don't think the people understand that Roger is there, represents the 32 owners Absolutely. Schools that are implemented and put in place That what owners Want. Roger just gotta deal with the, with the brunt of the Bulls. The, He gotta deal with all. He ain't tripping though. Hey, Hey. No, he said, we say you get on that, that PJ right?


Yeah.


Man. If you're ready to reclaim your edge, listen up. I used to be held back by constant bathroom trips with multiple wake up during my sleep and looking for restrooms whenever I was out. Then I discovered better man. After just two months, I started experiencing fewer trips to the bathroom, less urge to go, and I even slept through some nights. I feel a noticeable boost in my overall wellbeing, even sexual stamina. It gives me the freedom and competence to live life on my terms. Better man is clinically tested and trusted by thousands of men over 25 years ready to take back control. Go to bebe now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease uses erect individual results may vary.


Emanuel Tcho recently claimed that Celtics match up better against the Knicks without Tatum in the lineup exclusively because of mindset. I believe a team is a reflection of his leader. Jason Tatum is the leader of Boston. They are incredibly talented team, but they're not tough team. This is what Kevin Durant had to say. He responded on Twitter, excuse me, on x damn hot take. Artists have ruined the sport football guys. No disrespect, but y'all boys need to stay in y'all lane. Y'all don't know what it's like to be between them lines. Give a man a break. Give it. He said between these lines, man, give it a break. Dudes who quit football early to pursue media talking mental toughness.


Cut it out. Mm. Hey, out KD taking, take KD taking shots. Don't Think you mother, but yeah, KD go, KD gonna respond. I ain't got no problem. I ain't got no problem with it. I ain't got no problem with it. I like it. I like it. I, I wish more players would like that. I wish more elite superstar players would like that and voice their opinion. That's why, that's why I like Twitter. I I like X because it gives everybody a voice now. It cuts, it cuts the man out. Yeah. Players being able to have an opportunity. Nothing Lost interpret. Lost nothing. Lost in translation. Okay. Yeah. I got something for y'all then. Okay. Okay. Especially on, you talk about, I love people having voices, but this is the my thing though.


You a champion, right? Yeah. So your mindset is gonna be totally different than somebody who wasn't champions it not. Correct. So, so that's, that's one thing. You got people talking about the game and, and this and that, but how can you, how can somebody really define a game if you got, if you never won anything and tell somebody from you telling you, talking from a losing perspective, You know, you never won. You was a individual. You, I mean, I'm not saying you, it's a lot of guys that was great players never that were great, didn't win Jack. Never one. You don't talk about, it's all about me, me, me, me. What about, You know what I'm saying? It is like, okay, you got a problem with a great individual, but you wasn't a great team player. You didn't excel your team to be to be a winner.


You didn't win. Your team was losing. So, so let, so if, if I'm hearing you correctly, and you can correct me if I'm wrong, you said, unless you've been a champion, how do you tell me what it takes to become a champion? Yeah, I'm right. Hmm. How you gonna have a champion mindset if you've never been a champion? Well, I I have another question. Okay. For people, For, for people that in the media space, right? Yes. I'm talk talking to Sean, obviously with that. What that what what he just said. How do you feel about people that talk about the game of basketball, the game of football, the game of hockey and or, or, or pundits or analysts on it or, or, or give their opinion or views on it, but have never played the game.


Can you take what they could? You, can you take what they say serious if they've never done it? So, so this is my thing. I think they, they, the media's great at creating these narratives and hold on, they can listen. Everybody can have their opinion about the game. I'm not, not right. This, this is open to open platform. Everybody can discuss it on every label from TV to social media, to whatever you wanna do, podcasts, whatever. But my thing is this though, when you, when you start dissecting and you really want to know theist of what it really truly takes, go talk to somebody who's done it before. I'm not gonna come in your space and try to tell you how your job and tell you how your job, if I've never done it, I've never been a reporter, I'm not gonna sit here and slide and say Lane. But with that being said, I'm not gonna sit here and discredit people either though.


There are some people that have, are clearly definitely. But what, but the narratives that the media create, it becomes a part of our thought process. They become ingrained in us, right? These stories that everybody, this, this, the one thing I, I don't think privilege people truly understand if the, it, it's almost like if the media said they believe that bullshit and then now it becomes a thought process. Whether you agree with it or don't, it becomes a part of your thought process. And that's the first thing that come in your mind when you say something. And that's the one thing that pisses me off more than anything. So like, at the same time, I'm okay with people having an opinion, but let, let, let me give you something else to think about it. Think about it from a different perspective, different side of somebody who actually did it. I walked this light, I walked this path. I'm gonna show you what, from my experience or what I had been through, and I'm like, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pave this, this, this, this, this direction for you and this ideal deal for you.


So when you sit here and you go through all these narratives, man, I, I just, I just, it just, it just, it, it hurts me sometimes and, and pisses me off. I just, sometimes I have to recuse myself from a lot of conversations because it's not, it, it's fallen on deaf ears because everybody's fucking stuck on stupid at times. You know, common sense ain't common anymore. You know what I'm saying? Right. So, You know, there's so many levels to this shit. You know what I'm saying? It's, I want to Well, thank, I want to hand the baton, I want you to hand the baton off to me because I agree with a lot of what you said. Yeah. Guys that have covered this game and, and I go particular, I say like a Tony Korn Heisel or a Michael will bond, guys that have covered the game, I think they understand the game, but their intricacies, unless you've been in that huddle, unless you've been in that locker room right.


In those intense moments you couldn't possibly know. Now see, they might go by what somebody told 'em. I'm going by what I know. Yeah. See, I was in the huddle on fourth down. I was in the huddle on third and sixth. I was in the locker room when we had lost five straight against Baltimore. So for you to say, I think this is what the No, I'm not telling you what I think I'm telling you what I know 'cause I was there. Yeah. Right. And so while they can write it and they cover the game and they do a great job and I'm like you, I don't discredit anybody that I've never said, well, you didn't play the game. You don't know what you're talking about. Yeah. I'm saying from a standpoint of being in the locker room, being on the field, being on the court, there are certain things that I can speak to that even in your 30, 40, 50 years of covering the game.


Right. Can't give the fans what I can. Right. Having played the game far less than you've ever covered the game. Right. Because I've been in the huddle. I've heard that call and I looked in guys' eyes and I know who, You know guys that put in what they put in. And I know guys that that bull job. Yeah. 'cause I'm there, I see 'em all the time. You get to spend open locker room, what, 30 minutes, five days a week. You get to spend 30 minutes on a maybe Monday, Wednesday, Thursday. I don't Think you get to come maybe, maybe a little bit on Friday. That's all you get. I get to see that guy from nine to five, five days a week, then on the road on Saturday and Sunday in the locker room.


You coming in after the game. So you don't get to talk to him before the game. So you don't know what he's thinking or you don't, you haven't had a conversation with him before. Right. And so that's why I don't discredit guys that because there are some guys that do an excellent job and they've talked to some of the greats, but you see they're talking to them. Yes. I'm right there with 'em. I'm right there in the locker room. I'm sitting right next to him. I'm right there in the huddle. And so I, I can, I just think guys that have played the game now, everybody that played the game Matrix can't get on TV and talk about the game. Oh no, I, I agree. And explain and explain it in a way. Explain it in a way that maybe somebody in the media can talk about it. Of course. But that doesn't mean just because you can articulate your thoughts more or better.


Yeah. That You know the game better. Right. Or understand the game better. Yeah. I I I does that, that hopefully that makes sense to me, Chad. No, it, it does, it does. You know, like I, I lo and I, Mike my guy, You know, he is from crib here. So like Mike is great. Mike been on TV for what? Yes. 25, 30. Mike's been doing it for 50 years. Yeah. Mike has been on there. Man, I love Mike. You know, and but I, you, you said something that that's so dawned on me. Like, you, you, you were experiencing somebody basically being around somebody 24 7 in the Rees with people. It's totally a different feeling. You know, IIII used to say this when it was, everybody was like, how the team feeling? I'm like, man, you had to be in this. You had to be in the locker room. See, I can't, I can't express what we going through right now. What we, well, well, I can't even say it in words.


It's kind of, it's kind of, you gotta be able to feel it. You gotta see it. You gotta be sitting next to me and you gotta be feeling that heat coming from my, from my teammate next to me on this, on both sides. And we just, like, we ain't got, ain't say nothing to him. I'm looking at it. My, my, my my guy. We about to go to war out here. And it's like, it's a whole different mindset, You know? And I think it's so many different levels to this because I think it, there's so many great players that played this game in the NBA. It's a great fraternity that I in and, and I, and I take my half to the OGs who paved the way for me, man, I really do. I i, all them guys, they don't get enough credit, man. They don't get enough flowers, man. We don't talk about enough. And I, I'm, I just, it just sad. 'cause every year I feel like we losing, we lose some, some icons in this game and Yeah.


You know, and I, I'm, I'm 47 now. I just had a birthday last week and I'm just sitting here. I just, I just gotta take my half to these guys, man. I want, I, I think all the OGs that paid away from me, man, I'm truly blessed to be in the position I'm in. I don't take none of this for granted. It's kinda like, You know, me trying to go sit into a newsroom and try to tell them how to create a story or write a narrative or, or, or, or bro, yeah. I, I watched the game but I can't craft it like you could. Yeah. And so, like, like I said, I don't, I don't discredit anybody because I don't think I can do see what I, what And ocho You know, you and I have had this conversation. Yeah. I don't feel that I can do your job better than you. I just feel I can do my job better than you can do your job.


Now, probably, if I'm wrong, I'm wrong. But I, that's how I feel. I don't think I can do my job, do your job better than you. I just feel I can do my job better than you could do your Yeah. You deduce from that whatever you want. Right? But I'm not gonna discredit you from your job there job that whatever the case may be, a cashier ain't nobody, I could be no cashier. I beat done gave them people. They, they give me a dollar, I give 'em 10 back. They come, Hey, I, hey all the numbers. And I, hey, I ain't got time for that. I, I get frustrated. But I understand that people have a job to do and, and, and I, I think it's, it's easy to say because they won without Jason Tatum.


They're not winning a championship without Jason Tatum. You think that, what do you think the odds are? Ocho, they win a championship, they gonna win the NBA championship without jt. I mean, So if that's not the case, they're not better without him because the odds are they're a better team. They do you think they would've won the championship last year without jt? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. And and matter of fact, since you posed that question too, based on, You know, OCHO and Kevin Durant going, going back and forth, this one, just one game on what happens if they come back in this series and they get it done without Jason Tatum, what happens if they get to the, obviously get to the Eastern Common Finals without Jason Tatum?


What happens if they do get a chip without Jason Tatum? They not. What does that say? Oh, you, they not still not possible. No. Even with the way Jalen Brown played No. In, No In pri. Okay. Okay. Listen, I I said that same thing Ocho I saw, I was talking to my guys last night about that. I was like, I just said, what if hypothetical, You know, ain't many teams in the NBA history ever came down, came back from a three one deficit, but just hypotheticals. Hypotheticals, yeah. So that's a hypothetical on, on just what he, he's going with a hypothetical. Say for instance, they, they win tomorrow, Boston wins tomorrow. They able to get, they're able to get it back home. 'cause at the end of the day, You know, the Rob, the, You know, Bo I mean I I like Nick.


I do Jalen Bruns is a savage out there. He he, yeah bro. Killing that closer. But, but with that being said though, the supporting cast only had one game in the series so far that they, all of them scored over 20 points. Right. One game. So like, You know, you don't know what the supporting cast gonna do. You know, Jalen Bruns is the head of snake over there and You know, a lot of these teams are one injury away from not doing anything. Am I right? It's true. Okay. So, but yeah, Boston is one team that has, I I listen, they, they they have, they have enough to still do it. And I'm saying, lemme ask you a question if everybody show up though, if KP show up. In other words, if KP show up, if I take Achos, if I take Achos reasoning Yeah.


And I listen to you, what if, yeah. So if the Golden State Warriors had a won that series, that means they're better without Steph Curry? No. Mm. Shit. That's not, that's different. That's a different line. All I did was I did the best player off the team. Well just hold on, just go, go up. The supporting cast, support supporting cast in Golden State is not even close to what they have in Ball. What about Jimmy Butler play out. Jimmy listen, you told me Play out Jimmy. He's taking two, he's taking a team, two teams to the NBA final. Yes he has. And he hadn't had I'm just saying, I'm just, I'm just throwing it out there. We just having healthy conversation now since we doing what ifs.


Yeah, but no, but they're done now. So they're done. But, but go look at the roster though. So go, go go Boston. Starting goes Go roster right now. Top seven players. They so five Well top five now because Take them is out now. So they their their current roster right now. Look at their lineup though. Tell me what you think about that line compared to everybody. Lineup, if they're doing what they're supposed to do without Jason Tatum, their, their, their best Six players aren't better than, than Nick's best Six players. You don't think so? Hell no. With Brunson, Kat Bridges Hart, who's the other guy? Og I love New York, Nick Ball. I love them. And then you got, and you got Mitchell Robinson and McBride.


So I take the, if I take the Knicks seven best players minus Tatum and I and, and, and so the Knicks seven best players and you to give me the Celtics seven best players minus Tatum. I'll take the Knicks. Okay, I'm gonna see, I mean, K KP ain't showed up yet in this playoffs yet. He ain't gonna show up, so don't stop looking for him. He, he's seven three and Invisible. So see, I I I'm just a firm believer. I I just don't, these guys have all you got all, you got two, you got two guys. Well you got three Allstar Pedigree guys on Boston Celtics. They, they been either former report Allstar or not. You know what I'm saying?


The only, only current Allstar on any team is Jalen Brunson right now. But, but Derrick White could have easily been the all star. What about, what about Kat? No, hold on, hold on. Kat, Kat was all but they got two. That's what I'm saying. New York got two. Yeah, Boston. Boston. They got two current. But Boston has one current and two former Jr. Holiday. Yes. And bga. So with that being said, but then Derek White could have easily been one this year. I'm saying Yeah, Al was Al Holford that Allstar too. Did Al Hol make it one time? He had been an Allstar. Yeah, he's been Allstar. He all Star. So Allstar, I didn't older, but All Star Allstar pedigree does play in and have some leverage and God, well hell Matrix. Hell, I was a 12th grader.


Long former, I was a former 12th grader. Ocho what? It ain't over till it's over Ocho. Yeah, you Right. It ain't over to it's over. But remember this is all hypothetical, but anything is possible. Yeah. It ain't over to it's over. You know that. So anything happens. We do that a lot though. Yeah. We ocho we do that a lot. We see a guy in football go down. Well, they're a better team without 'em. No they not. No, no. Hell they not. Right. Somebody might, they won a game one time. Well, they won a game without Chase. Well that mean they're a better team. What? No, no, no. Listen, you talking, you talking about Hold on. Jason Tatum is about to make his fourth consecutive all NBA teams well deserved. Right. You mean to tell me a team is better without an all a first team all NBA selection?


You, You know what makes you question it though? And Sean, you look at the way they played without him in that one game, it it may, it, it it, it raises the question and the possibility of the maxi being better without him because of the way they played. What, What happens ocho what happens when the original teacher's not you get a substitute? Well, it's not the same. So now you do things differently. Yes, I believe the Knicks let the Knicks let their guard down the Knicks like, well, they ain't got jt they ain't gonna be ready to play. And they underestimated them. I bet they don't make that same mistake. I bet they don't make that mistake in the, in the MSG. Well, we gonna see. Well, hope not. You know what I'm saying? You know, but You know, listen man, when you, when you out here, man, we can't, we, one of the things I learned a long time ago, and You know this, the one thing you can control is what your effort, you can't control that.


Yes. You have the ball going to hoop or not. So, You know, listen. Yeah, you can't control, you can't control it going the hoop. So like, man, listen man, people feeling that pressure and listen, I know Garden gonna be rocking tomorrow. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I I kind of wish I was in that. I I ain't never been to a playoff game in, in, in New York. I would love to be there, but I I got Hey, hold did, did Acho did not see the three games they lost with Jason Tatum. So you better without him, but you lost three games with him. But they was coming, I mean he had 42, they was up 2020 in game. They're not, listen, we're not, we're listen, they're not winning.


They're not what they are without Jason Tatum, he's one of the best players in the NBA. Oh, by far, easily. That's not a question. It it's hard. You could, let's just say he's a top 10 player. Yeah. How is a team better without a top 10 player? Okay. You go in a game. See, and I think the thing is, sometimes what happens Matrix and OCHO is that a team will win a game or two without their best player and people start to believe, well we, hey, we can get rid of him if we can get something back. No, you can't, don't do that. Nah, nah. Well, no, no. We, so hold on. Okay, now I'm, I'm no, you, I'm, I'm not gonna agree with that on, I'm gonna tell you something now. So like, put this way, if Jalen, so Jalen Brown was out and Jason Taylor was playing right now, and they did the same thing.


Would you, would you be still saying the same thing? No, because I think they need both of them. Because when they, when Kevin and Ram became available, they offered Jalen Brown and Darren White, some draft picks for Kevin Dur Red. They didn't offer Jason Tatum. Yeah, but I mean, listen, KD my guy, You know what I'm saying? But like, I'm, I'm just saying because right now Jalen Brown took over the role that Tatum does. Did he not in his last Yes. So, so he became the main, main facilitator and did a great job at it. He never did it. So Yes. So he was due though. Okay. Okay. Hold on buddy. Did you see the way he been playing this? Have you, you've been playing it, you have your feet waving, playing this series. Yeah, but so, so look, so TT Tatum last year was dedicated the point guard per se.


That's what they said last year. They Right, they let him meet, meet the main ball handler. So when you watch them play, they go, a lot of times they go tit for tat. They go, JT Tatum come down and shoot. Then Janet Brown come down and shoot at times. You know what I'm saying? Yes. That's how, but now you don't have to go tip for tech. Now you, you got, you got him designated as that spot right. Now listen, I'm just telling you there, it ain't Overton overweight. I'm not saying they can listen. I, I listen, I, I would love to see New York go do all the way I wanted go sit. Yeah. I wanted to go sit. I, I, I actually all I win all goal seven. You know me, honestly, yo. Hey, it's been some great basketball, You know what I'm saying? So, but at the end of anything is possible. I I don't even put nothing.


We, I just, it's like I said, it's all hypothetical though. Remember we were just talking about, but it's hard to come back from a three, one deficit though. But the don first two games though, honestly they could, could've easily won though. They fucked them shits off. They did. They fucked them shits off. So we sit here and we, we keep acting like, You know what I'm saying? Boston is one of the things that Boston had and the reason they was able to prevail last year that most people don't. They have seven, three and D guys. They got one, one down with a injury last game. They still got those six, three and eight guys. A lot of teams don't have three ND guys. They do. Yeah. They got everybody. They're starting to switch everything now. Yeah. So that's what I'm saying though. So like, it's, it's, it's not open till it's open.


You just don't know. Maybe K three is due for a big game tomorrow. The Volume.


Hey friend, I know how this feels. Waking up exhausted after multiple trips to the bathroom and feeling embarrassed by sudden leaks. I used to be constantly on edge searching for a restroom whenever I was out. Then I discovered better woman. I was skeptical at first, but two months in, everything changed. I experienced improved bladder control. No more heart stopping moments when I laugh or sneeze. Less urge to go deeper and more restful sleep. I finally felt like myself again. Confident and in control. Better woman is natural, effective, clinically tested and trusted by women for over 25 years. Ready to take back your control. Head over to be better now.com to order your supply today. That's be better now. Dot com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. Use as directed individual results may vary.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.