
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.


Okay? Have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted that they ed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason. It's the number one men's anti purse sprint, and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local stores to try the og. Cool rush for yourself.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report.


Wanna pull off the season's freshest trends? You just need the right shoes. That's where designer shoe warehouse comes in. Loving wide leg jeans. Pair them with sleek, low profile sneakers, obsessed with the sheer trend. Try it with mesh flats, feeling boho, comfy sandals. Nail the whole free spirited thing. Find on-trend shoes from the brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at DSW.


And we're back folks. It looks like Jim from sales just got in from his client lunch and he's gotten receipts. His next meeting is in two minutes. The team is asking can he get through his expenses in that time? He's going For it. Is that his phone? He's snapping a pick. He's texting Ram Jim is fast, but this is unheard of. That's it. He's done it. It's unbelievable. On ramp expenses are faster than ever. Just submit them with a text. Switch your Business to ramp.com.


The Volume. Emanuel Tcho recently claimed that Celtics match up better against the Knicks without Tatum in the lineup exclusively because of mindset. I believe a team is a reflection of his leader. Jason Tatum is the leader of Boston. They are incredibly talented team, but they're not tough team. This is what Kevin Durant had to say. He responded on Twitter, excuse me, on x damn hot take. Artists have ruined the sport football guys. No disrespect, but y'all boys need to stay in y'all lane. Y'all don't know what it's like to be between them lines. Give the man a break. Give it. He said between these lines, man, give it a break.


Dudes who quit football early to pursue media talking mental toughness, cut it out. Hey, It take Katie taking shots, but Man, just look love, love it or hate it. It really is. But yeah, KD go, KD gonna respond. I ain't got no problem. I ain't got no problem with it. It, I ain't got no problem With it. It, I like it. I, I wish more players would like that. I wish more elite superstar players would like that and voice their opinion. That's why, that's why I like Twitter. I I like X because it gives everybody a voice now. It cuts, it cuts the middleman out. Now you have players being able to have an opportunity. Nothing lost in interpret. Lost nothing.


Lost in translation. Yeah. Okay. I got something for y'all then. Okay. Okay. Especially on you talking about I love people having voices, but this is the my thing though. You a champion, right? Yeah. So your mindset's gonna be totally different than somebody who wasn't a champion. Is it not? Correct. So, so that's, that's why I'm, you got people talking about the game and, and this and that, but how can you, how can somebody really define the game if you got, if you never won anything and tell somebody from you telling you, talking from a losing perspective, You know, you never won. You was an individual. You, I mean, I'm not saying you wasn't. It's a lot of guys that was great. Players that were great, but didn't, that was great. Never won. You don't talk about, it's all about me, me, me, me.


What about, You know what I'm saying? It is like, so you got a problem. You was a great individual, but you wasn't a great team player. You didn't excel your team to be to be a winner. You didn't win. Your team was losing. So, so let, so if, if I'm hearing you correctly, and you can correct me if I'm wrong, you said, unless you've been a champion, how do you tell me what it takes to become a champion? Yeah, I'm right. How you gonna have a champion mindset if you've never been a Champion? Well, I I have another question for people. For, okay. For people that in the media space, right? Yes. Talk, talking to Sean obviously with, with that, with that, with what he just said.


How do you feel about people that talk about the game of basketball, the game of football, the game of hockey and or, or, or pundits or analysts on it or, or, or give their opinion or views on it, but have never played the game? Can you take what they could? You, can you take what they say serious that they've never done it? So, so this is my thing. I think they, they, the media's great at creating these narratives and they hold on. They can listen. Everybody can have their opinion about the game. I'm not, I'm not saying this is open. It's an open platform. Everybody can discuss it on every label from TV to social media, to whatever you wanna do, podcasts, whatever. But my thing is this though, when you, when you start dissecting and you really want to know the logistics of what it really truly takes, go talk to somebody who's done it before.


I'm not gonna come in your space and try to tell you how your job, I tell you how your job, if I've never done it, I've never been a reporter, I'm not gonna sit here and slide into lane. But with that being said, I'm not gonna sit here and discredit people either, though. There are some people that have, but what? But the narratives that the media create, it becomes a part of our thought process. It become ingrained in us. These stories there, everybody, this, this is the one thing I, I don't think p people truly understand if the, it's almost like if the media said they believe that bullshit. Yeah. And then now it, it becomes a thought process. Whether you agree with it or don't, it becomes a part of your thought process. And that's the first thing that come in your mind when you say something. And that's the one thing that pisses me off more than anything. So like, at the same time, I'm okay with people having an opinion, but let, let, let me give you something else to think about it.


Think about it from a different perspective, different side of somebody who actually did it. I walked this life, I walked this path. I'm gonna show you what, from my experience and what I've been through, and I'm, I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna pave this, this, this, this direction for you and this idea deal for you. So when you sit here and you go through all these narratives, man, I, I just, I just, it just, it just, it, it hurts me sometime and, and pisses me off. I just, sometimes I have to recuse myself from a lot of conversations because it's not, it is falling on deaf ears because everybody's fucking stuck on stupid at times. You know? Common sense ain't coming anymore. You know what I'm saying? So, You know, there's so many levels to this shit. You know what I'm saying? It is. I want to ha Well, thank I want to hand the baton. I want you to hand the baton off to me because I agree with a lot of what you're saying.


Yeah. Guys that have covered this game and, and I go particularly, I say like a Tony Korn Heisel or a Michael will bond, guys that have covered the game, I think they understand the game. But there are intricacies, unless you've been in that huddle, unless you've been in that locker room in those intense moments, you couldn't possibly know. Now see, they might go by what somebody told 'em. I'm going by what I know. Yeah. See, I was in the huddle on fourth down. I was in the huddle on third and sixth. I was in the locker room when we had lost five straight against Baltimore. So for you to say, I think this is what No, I'm not telling you what I think I'm telling you what I know 'cause I was there. Yeah. And so while they can write it and they covered the game and they do a great job, and I'm like, you, I don't discredit anybody that I've never said, well, you didn't play the game.


You don't know what you're talking about. I'm saying from a standpoint of being in the locker room, being on the field, being on the court, there are certain things that I can speak to that even in your 30, 40, 50 years of covering the game, can't give the fans what I can. Right. Having played the game far less than you've ever covered the game, because I've been in the huddle. I've heard that call and I looked in guys' eyes and I know who, You know guys that put in what they put in. And I know guys that, that bull Jed, I, because I'm there, I see 'em all the time. You get to spend open locker room, what, 30 minutes, five days a week. You get to spend 30 minutes on a maybe Monday, Wednesday, Thursday.


I don't Think you get to come maybe, maybe a little bit on Friday. That's all you get. I get to see that guy from nine to five, five days a week, then on the road on Saturday and Sunday in the locker room. You coming in after the game, say you don't get to talk to him before the game. So you don't know what he's thinking or you don't, you haven't had a conversation with him before. Right. And so that's why I don't discredit guys that, because there are some guys that do an excellent job and they've talked to some of the grades, but you see they're talking to them. Yes. I'm right there with 'em. I'm right there in the locker room. I'm sitting right next to 'em. I'm right there in the huddle. And so I, I can, I just think guys that have played the game now, everybody that played the game matrix can't get on TV and talk about the game.


Oh no. And I agree. Explain it in a way. Explain it in a way that maybe somebody in the media can talk about it. Of course. But that doesn't mean just because you can articulate your thoughts more or better. Yeah. That You know the game better or understand the game better. Yeah. That hopefully that makes sense to the chat. No, it, it does, it does. You know, like I I lo and I, Mike, my guy, You know, he from the crib here. So like Mike is great. Mike been on TV for Yes. Mike's been doing it for 50 years. Yeah. Mike has been on there. Man, I love Mike. You know, and but I I, you, you said something that that's, that's so dawned on me. Like, you, you, you are experiencing somebody basically being around somebody 24 7 in the SSEs with people.


It's totally a different feeling. You know, I i I, I used to say this when it was, everybody was like, how the team feeling? I'm like, man, you gotta to be in this. You gotta to be in the locker room and see, I can't, I can't express what we going through right now. What we, well, well, I, I can't even say it in words. It's kind of, it's kind of, you gotta be able to feel it. You gotta see it. You gotta be sitting next to me and you gotta be feeling that heat coming from my, from my teammate next to me. You know this on both sides. And we just, like, we ain't got, ain't say nothing to him. I'm looking at my, my, my my guy. We about to go to war out here. And it's like, it's a whole different mindset, You know? And I think it's so many different levels to this because I, I think it's, it's so many great players that played this game in the NBA. It's a great fraternity I'm in and, and I, and I take my half to the OGs who paved the way for me, man, I really do.


I i, all them guys, they don't get enough credit, man. They don't get enough flowers, man. We don't talk about enough. And I, I'm, I just, it's just sad. 'cause every year I feel like we losing, we lose some, some icons in this game. And, You know, and I, I'm, I'm 47 now. I just had a birthday last week and I, I'm just sitting here, I just, I just gotta take my half to these guys. Man. I want, I, I think all the OGs that paid away from me, man, I'm truly blessed to be in the position I'm in. I don't take none of this for granted. It's kinda like, You know, me trying to go sit into a newsroom and try to tell them how to create a story or write a narrative or, or, or, or bro, yeah. I, I watched the game, but I can't craft it like you could. Yeah. And so, like, like I said, I don't, I don't discredit anybody because I don't think I can do see what I, what And ocho You know, you and I've had this conversation, I don't feel that I can do your job better than you.


I just feel I can do my job better than you can do your job. Ooh. Now, probably if I'm wrong, I'm wrong. But I, that's how I feel. I don't think I can do my job. Do your job better than you. I just feel I can do my job better than you can do yours. Yeah. You deduce from that whatever you want. Yeah. But I'm not gonna discredit you from your job. They, their job that may, whatever the case may be, a cashier ain't no way I could be no cashier. I be done gave them people, they, they gimme a dollar, I give 'em 10 back, they coming. Hey, I, hey all them numbers. And I, I, hey, I ain't got time for that. I, I get frustrated. But I understand that people have a job to do and, and, and I, I think it's, it's easy to say because they won without Jason Tatum.


They're not winning a championship without Jason Tatum. You think that, what do you think the odds are? Ocho, they win a championship, they gonna win the NBA championship without jt. I mean, So if that's not the case, they're not better without him because the odds are they're a better team. They Do you think they would've won the championship last year without jt? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. Matter of fact, since you posed that question too, based on, You know, Acho and Kevin Durant going, going back and forth, this one, just one game on what happens if they come back in this series and they get it done without Jason Tatum, what happens if they get to the Eastern Con East? Obviously get to the Eastern Conference finals without Jason Tatum.


What happen if they do get a chip without Jason Tatum? What, what Does that say? They not. Oh, you, You still, it's Not possible. Did not Even with the way Jalen Brown played and Derek fight. No. And pri okay. Okay. Listen, I I said that same thing, Ocho I swear I was talking to my guys last night about that. I was like, I just said, what if hypothetical, You know, ain't many teams in NBA history ever came down, came back from a three one deficit, but just hypotheticals. Just hypotheticals. Yeah. So that's a hypothetical on just what he, he's going with a hypothetical. Say for instance, say they win tomorrow, Boston wins tomorrow, they're able to get, they're able to get back home.


'cause at the end of the day, the, You know, the rope, the, You know, I mean, I I luck Knicks, I do Jalen Bruns is a savage out there. He Yeah. Killing that close. But, but with that being said though, the supporting cast only had one game in the series so far that they, all of em scored over over 20 points. Right. One game. So like, You know, you don't know what the supporting Cs gonna do. You know, Jalen Bronson is the head of snake over there and You know, a lot of these teams are one injury away from not doing anything. Am I right? Sure. Okay. So, but Boston is one team that has, I I listen, they, they, they have, they have enough to still do it. And I saying, lemme ask you question.


That's, that's everybody show up though, kp show up. So in other words, if KP Show show up, if I take Achos, if I take Achos reasoning and I listen to you, what if, so if the Golden State Warriors had a won that series, that means they're better without Steph Curry. Mm. No. Shit, that's different. That's, Whoa. All I did was, all I did was remove the best player off the team. The Supporting cast, supporting cast in Golden State is not even close to what they have in Boston. What about Jimmy Play out Jimmy, you told me Play out Jimmy. He's taking two, he's taking a team, two teams to the NBA finals.


Yes he has. And he hadn't had, I'm just saying, I'm just, I'm just throwing it out that we just have a healthy conversation. Not since we doing what ifs. Yeah, but no, but they're done now. So they're done. But, but go look at the roster though. So go, go go Boston. Starting those Go Roster right now. Top seven players. They're so five. Well top five now because Tatum is out now. So their their current roster right now. Look at their lineup though. Tell me what you think about their line compared to everybody Lineup, if they're doing what they're supposed to do without Jason Tatum. They, they, their best six players aren't better than, than Knicks. Best six players. You don't think so? Hell no. We're Brunson, Kat Bridges Hart, who's the other guy?


Og I love New York. Nick Bar. I love him. And then you got, and you got Mitchell Robinson and McBride. So I take the, and I take the Knick seven best players minus Tatum and I and, and, and so the Knicks seven best players and you to give me the Celtics seven best players minus Tatum. I'll take the Knicks. Okay, I'm gonna see, I mean, K KP ain't showed up yet in this playoffs yet. He ain't gonna show up. So let's stop looking for he, he's seven three and Invisible. So see, I I I'm just a firm believer. I I just don't, these guys have all, you got all, you got two, you got two guys. Well you got three Allstar Pedigree guys on Boston Celtics.


They've been either former Port all Allstar or not. You know what I'm saying? You only, only current All Star on their team is Jalen Brunson right now. But, but Derrick White could have easily been What about, what about Kat? No, hold on, hold on. Kat, Kat was all together, but they got two. That's what I'm saying. New York got two. Yeah, Boston. Boston. They got two current. But Boston has one current and two former Drew Holiday. Yeah. And Ingas. Yes sir. So with that being said, but then Derek White could have easily been one this year. I'm saying was Al Ho the Allstar too? Hol make it one star? He had been an Allstar. Yes. He's been an All star. No, he's former Allstar. So Allstar, I know they older, but all Allstar pedigree does play and have some leverage and well, hell Matrix hell, I was a 12th grader.


Long time. What? Former I was a former 12th grader Ocho what the hell? It ain't over to It's over ocho. Yeah, you right, you right. It ain't over to it's over. But remember this is all hypothetical, but anything is possible. It ain't over to over. You know that. Yeah. We do that a lot though. We ocho we do that a lot. We see a guy in football go down. Well, they're a better team without 'em. No they not. Absolutely not. No. Hell they not. I mean, but somebody might, they won a game one time where they won a game without Chase. Well that mean they're a better team. What? But you thought one, you talking about, hold on. Jason Tatum is about to make his fourth consecutive all NBA team. You mean to tell me a team is better without an all a first team all NBA selection?


You know what makes you question it though? And Sean, you look at the way they played without him in that one game, it, it may, it, it it, it raises the question and the possibility of them actually being better without him because of the way they played. What, What happens ocho what happens when the original teachers not when you get a substitute? Well, it's not the same. So now you do things differently. I believe the Knicks let the Knicks let their guard down the Knicks like, well, they ain't got jt, they ain't gonna be ready to play. And they underestimated them. I bet they don't make that same mistake. I bet they don't make that mistake in the, in the MSG. Well, we gonna see,


Interested in investing in Bitcoin, but not sure how to get started. Well, with a Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card, start building your Bitcoin now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend $3,000 in your first 90 days terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited when the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms, c rates and fees.


Ryan Reynolds here for Mint Mobile. I don't know if you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only, then full price. Plan options, available, taxes and fees, extra fee terms@mintmobile.com


Hosting seasons. Here are your Windows guests ready early access to blinds dot com's. Memorial Day Mega Sale is on now. Save up to 40% site-wide and get a free measure. blinds.com invented a better way to shop for custom window treatments. 100% online with upfront pricing, no showroom markups, no pushy salespeople in your home. Whether you're a DIY warrior, prefer the white glove treatment or somewhere in between. blind.com can help. Our design experts can help you make the perfect selection on your schedule. Plus we can even handle everything from measure to install style. Every room effortlessly with classic shutters for living spaces, blackout for bedrooms, motorized options for ease, shades for your patio too. With over 25 million windows covered and 40,005 star reviews, blinds.com is the trusted name and custom window treatments all backed by our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Early access to blinds dot com's Memorial Day Mega Sale is happening now. Shop and save up to 40% sitewide plus a free measure@blinds.com. Rules and restrictions may apply.


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like Spin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.


Well, hope not. You know what I'm saying? You know, but You know, listen man, when you, when you out here, man, we can't, we, one of the things I learned a long time ago, You know this, the one thing you can control is what your effort. You can't control that fucking ball going hope or not. So, You know, listen, you can't control, you can't control it going in the hoop. So like, hey man, listen man, people feeling that pressure and listen, I know Garden gonna be rocking tomorrow. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Low key. I kind of wish I was in that. I I ain't never been to a playoff game in, in, in New York. I would love to be there, but I Hey, hey. But oh, hold on. Call Duty did, did Acho did not see the three games they lost with Jason Tatum.


So you better without him, but you lost three games with him. I mean, he had 42, they was up 20 points in every game. We're not, listen, they're not winning. They're not what they are without Jason Tatum, he's one of the best players in the NBA. Oh, by far, easily. That's not, it's hard. You could, let's just say he's a top 10 player. Yeah. How is the team better without a top 10 player? Okay. You go win a game. See, and I think the thing is, sometimes what happens Matrix in OCHO is that a team will win a game or two without their best player and people start to believe, well we, hey, we can get rid of him if we can get something back. No, you can't, don't do that. Uhuh. Well, no, no. We so home.


Okay, now I'm, I'm No, you, I'm I'm not gonna agree with that. Unc I'm gonna tell you something now. So like, put this way, if Jalen, so Jalen Brown was out and Jason Taylor was playing right now, and they did the same thing, would you, would you be still be saying the same thing? No, because I think they need both of them. Because when they, when Kevin Durant became available, they offered Jalen Brown and Derek White some draft picks for Kevin Durant. They didn't offer Jason Tatum. Yeah, but I mean, listen, KD my guy, You know what I'm saying? But like, I, I'm just saying because right now Jalen Brown took over the role that Tatum does, did he not in his last, so, so he became the main, main facilitator and did a great job at it.


He never gives stuff like Yes, he was do okay. Okay. Did you see the way he been playing his, have you seen the way he been playing his cigarettes? Yeah, they don't. But so, so look, sot Tatum last year was dedicated to point guard per se. That's what they said last year, right? They, they let him meet, meet the main ball handler. So when you watch them play, they go, a lot of times they go tit for tat. They go Tatum, t Tatum come down and shoot. Then Jaylen Brown come down and shoot at times. Yes. That's how, but now you don't have to go tip for TA right now. You, you got, you got him designated as that spot right Now listen, I'm just telling you there, it ain't over to his overweight. I'm not saying they can listen. I, I listen, I, I would love to see New York. So do I want to go sit, I wanted to go seven myself.


I did too. I, I, I wanted all these kids to go to seven. You know me, honestly, You know, hey, it's been some great basketball, You know what I'm saying? So, but at the end of anything is possible. I I don't wanna put nothing. We, it's like I said, it's all hypothetical though. Remember we were just talking about, but it's hard to come back from a three, one deficit though. But the, those first two games though, honestly, they could have easily won though. They fucked them shits off. They did. They fucked them shits off. So we sit here and we, we keep acting like, You know what I'm saying? Boston is one of the things that Boston had and the reason they was able to prevail last year that most people don't. They have seven, three and D guys, they got one went down with an injury last game. They still got those six, three and eight guys.


A lot of teams don't have three and D Yeah, they do. Everybody they're starting to switch everything now. Yeah. So that's what I'm saying though. So like, it's, it's, it's not over till it's open. You just don't know it. Maybe KP is due for a big game tomorrow. Oh, Joe, a fan pointed out the Cols social media account has only posted throws of Daniel Jones and none of Anthony Richardson. Have the Cols already decided they're going with Daniel Jones? Nah, I, I don't, I don't think so. I, I don't think, I don't think so. I I I doubt it. I doubt it. Obviously when it comes to quarterback competition between Anthony Richardson and, and Daniel Jones, I think that's a, that's one that Anthony Richardson would win.


Obviously right now what they're doing right now, I don't think it's a a a, a testament to who would be the starter. Even if there is a quarterback competition. I really think that Anthony Richardson would win that out. Obviously having the edge, knowing the offense, Man, you ain't paying no guy no $14 million to sit on the bench. Oh, so they what other backup quarterback, You know, making 14 million. Okay, so you think they Or the third one other team Throw him in there? Huh? Based based on No, I'm just saying I think there's a quarterback. I think there's a quarterback competition. You said you don't think there's a quarterback competition? I think there's a quarterback competition or Wise would they give that man 14? I know one thing. Anthony Richards has a head start on that quarterback competition because he knows the offense.


Yes, I Agree. He knows the offense. So if you, if you allow him to beat you out, I think it's more politics because they're paying Daniel Jones 14, 14 goddamn million. And I think they'll just give like, Bro, I took you number three. Overall. I put, I put $38 million in your pocket, guaranteed. I guaranteed your whole damn contract. What you mean it is politics? It is politics that Anthony Richardson hadn't gotten better and the things that he was doing wasn't conducive for you being a starting quarterback and being good. I don't think Daniel Jones is the answer because we saw him in New York. What's the question? What's the question? You said Daniel Jones answer. I need to know what the question, did he go to Duke?


Yes. Is his name Daniel Jones? Yes. I mean, you, you can't just say, do I think Daniel Jones the answer? I need to know the Question. Listen, I was just running down everything you said. I was just running down everything you said The Anthony, Anthony Anthony Richardson didn't do. Saying, well hell, what you think is gonna happen when, when God Daniel Jones is there, it's Finn to be, he all of a sudden he gonna go from what he was last year and all of a sudden just be, be what Tom Brady this year? No, absolutely not. No. I think the thing is but what is that Daniel Jones Is who he is In your third year, did they bring another receiver in and they have 'em compete With you? You Oh no, because by the time I hit my second year, I, I had arrived.


I put out, Okay, thank you. That's all I need to say there. Now that was not only the coast gaff they've made in the last 24 hours, the coast ended up deleting their schedule release video that is done by Minecraft style and included a dolphin wearing a 10 Tyreek Hill jersey being pulled over by the Coast Guard. Remember what happened opening day? Yeah. And an apology. The code said we've removed our schedule release video because it exceeded our rights with Microsoft and included an insensitive, insensitive clip involving dolphin receiver Tyrek Hill. We sincerely apologized to Microsoft and Tyree. It wasn't fucking insensitive. Tyreek ain't one of them. Goddamn. Oh my God. Why did you do that? He loved it and he tweeted It.


He, he said you should have left it up at Col. This was funny. Yeah, it was funny. It was that, that, I mean, people have to understand when you make jokes about certain individuals, you, you have to know who you're doing it to. Someone like Tyreek right, is going to laugh at that. He's not one of those overly sensitive people. And obviously I'm, I'm assuming the people in at the Colts don't know it. And maybe other people would get upset for Tyreek. Tyre wouldn't care. It was funny. You damn tyreek, Microsoft, they tie your ass up with rights now, now they, they got more money than their whole NFL, all the NF Nfl. That's what you mean. You, you don't wanna be messing with them. Mojo. There's certain thing, there's certain things you can do like, oh, I, I don't even care.


And there's certain things when it comes to the DB company like this that's sitting on 3, 4, 5, 600, a billion dollars in cash. Don't fool with a mojo. It ain't even worth it. Take it down. I'm sorry. Okay. I I see what you mean. You just a ocho you just apologize and keep it moving. Yeah, and keep it moving. Some of, some of the, the scheduled releases in the creativity from some of the teams I really enjoyed. I really enjoyed it. And that ojo, this is why we have to be super, super cautious. Right. I told Ash we are not showing another video. We make sure we ask can we show this on our platform, make sure we get it and then we gonna screenshot it because the last thing we want somebody to do is say, yeah, you can do it and then erase it.


And we ain't got nothing now. We ain't giving no permission. Nah, you screenshot it Ash, because that got us, that got our ass burned. We had a 90 day, You know, we in prob in in probate in hell. And then the dude took all the all the money that the revenue that we want that got, that we got from the video. That's fine. That whole episode He done ran through that. Now he ain't got no more. That left Last Week. Oh Joe, you remember the guy that DMed you last week, right? Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah, He got upset like, bro, you gave us permission to show the thing. You gave us permission to show it. Oh, I, I, I sent, I sent asked a message and I, You know, I was the man at whatever 'cause I, I be, it was the issue.


I was like well if it's an issue, I mean man, where you at? What's, what's your location? So you could tell me what you're talking about in person. I asked three times, You know, I mean, you feeling like, listen, I listen, I didn't say anything bad. Huh? I ain't say anything bad. I just, that's a long time. But I, I'm trying to get, I Think, You know, trying To I'm Think you from Miami. You from Miami? He, he, he took, he took, he took it away. But You know, I was like bro, so you just bypassed what I said. So you only heard what OCHO said. But I Didn't say nothing bad. I just said that takes too long for me. I like to get in and out, You know, in and out. Right. That's all. But he missed the point where I said, before you said that Ocho, I said man, yeah that's $300. We're easy for the haircut, the facial, the shave, the trim.


Yeah, that's $300. So he bi but again, Ocho, we talked about that. Remember the way we are wired, we only here the negative. He bypassed the positive and I went long, I went longer with the positive than you did saying that it take too long. I went way longer, but that's what he heard. But with my man, you doing a great Job. Matter. Provide a great, gonna get the service. I'm gonna go get it. You ain't got no damn cut. Yours only one 50? Nah, I'm, I'm gonna give him three. Matter of fact, yeah, I'm gonna give him 300. Well let him let him shave your head with that straight razor. No, because I get bumps. I get bumps. I'm be That they look like that. They like a cent crunch. It would, Hey, I'm, I, I don't, I don't know where it's at. I'm gonna add to, I'm going, I'm going to get that treatment.


I'm a record too. Yeah man, I had, we had a dude on our team. I ain't gonna call today. He shave, he shaved with one of 'em disposable razors. Oh no. Un un under here. It got, Man, it looked like he stuck his face in a amp babe. Nah, hey we called it bump daddy. It took, it took me one time. It took me one time to do it. I forgot, I forgot, I think it was 2007. The barber, I was in a rush. So he said well let me use this on you. And he used the electric. Oh oh the electric. Oh my god Boy it took about two, it took about two days. Man. All this up under here man look like a damn Nestle crunch. And it took forever. It took forever to go away.


I know. Hey I don't do now I do shade with a razor. I put, I put that blue steel on my face and I'm that, but that right there. Oh no. Oh no man. Man you be bus busting black hair for months. Nah, according to shams, Draymond was trying fined 50,000 for making an inappropriate comment that questioned the integrity of the game officials during game three cameras caught Dre on the sideline mouthing five and a half spread during timeout after he fouled out.


Draymond. Draymond just need to chill. Draymond, You know, everybody loves Draymond. You know he come out everybody after him because he do it Draymond, you do something every time. They ain't calling this because you Draymond, you do something. They really give you a break Draymond and you still a holler. And cus the Fisher, everybody, I, I fisher Draymond would be out the game by the, by the third time down the court, he'll be out the game. But Oh But oh, You know he do that. They trying to get people, get they trying, He, oh, You know he does that because he know once he gets one, they're gonna be very reluctant to give him that second take and throw him outta the game because they don't want to influence the game. Right.


Hey, I wouldn't be worried about influence the game. I mean, I, I ain't gonna let somebody cuss me out. Average six, seven points a game. I mean, Dre might gotta get a triple double. He gotta get a triple double. I know he said he feel good about this team. Butler coming make this last play up run with with Curry. But the curry got hurt. The team just seemed like just they didn't have no more juice. You know they played to a limit, but sooner or later you need talent. You gotta have talent on the floor to win. Draymond has been fined $992,000 in his career with 185,000 coming for action towards official. He's also been docked 3.2 million for suspensions. So he's lost over 4 million.


Over 4 million. Yeah. Well I don't like to curse that much. I don't like to be right that much. Ocho oh God. I don't know about you Ocho, but hey, y'all got, that was a good call. That was a good call Ralph. Good call. You know what, when you made that kind of money, unc it's like you, you ain't even paying no mind honestly. Oh, you paying somebody? Yeah. Huh. I know you, I mean you gotta think about it. If you were to add up my fines, right, I know the times were different. The times were different. Yeah. Now you gotta think for 11 years straight. Huh? I got fined every season for 11 years. Straight to the point. Why put money aside? Because I know I am, I'm finna cut up anyway. But Chad, how much you get fined though? Different, you might find 5,000, 30,000 a year.


Hundred Year. What? They find you a quarter of a million every year. Hold on, Hold on, hold on. Oak. You gotta think right? My first, my first offense during the season, it starts at 5,000. Right? It's, I'm saying how much was the average year? About 40, 50,000? No, no, no because by the time I got about week 10 and I was doing stuff at that point it was 30 to 40 to 50,000. So you Think you got Hey uncle at that point? I ain't, I ain't even care. I'm having fun. You Think you got fined a quarter of a million dollars a year? Yeah. Oh, You Think you got fined that much? Absolutely. Oh, okay. Let me tell you something. Remember when I, I tweeted on the sideline. Yeah. In 2009. That was 30 grand right there.


You remember when in September I oh, I put on a poncho, like a real poncho in a sombrero In September they took 50 for that. And you gotta think I kept doing stuff week in and week out. The orange chin strap, the black chin strap the road wearing gold shoes. I didn't care. I I, I just, and when you add it all up on, by the end of the season, I didn't care 'cause I was making it up. You was making money so you really didn't pay attention to it. That's what happens sometimes. Yeah. Could be happen with dray. But I got fined a lot of my career. I probably got fined about 5, 5, 4 or 5 million. You got five too? My whole career. Damn. But oh, you 18, 19 years. Damn. Yeah. Well mine was more like suspension fighting, You know, hitting a couple, hitting a couple people in the head before the game and stuff.


Was That you was out there tussling with him, Man, hey, one, two, is it okay? You know, ask Bar, ask, Hey, ask Sparkle about it. Hey, you got a, you got in with with Tyrone Hill? With Tyrone Hill. That's what, that's how many games you got suspended for? That Was, that was at the pickup game? No, that Was in the summertime. You Fighting at the pickup. Oh, you fighting at the Pickup game? Yeah. No. Who do He he tried to walk up on me. What you say, Sammy? Who you got, who you got to fight with? Hold you, you slapped somebody you went to that shoot around. Oh, that was what's the name and the clippers? Ty Lawson. McGinney McGinnis Mcg.


Yeah, McGinnis. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Oh Yeah. You knew, oh, you knew that the word was going to get back to Stern. That you had did something and he was going to put the, he was going drop the hammer. Why you do that? It wasn't about that. He threatened me, man. Hey, I, I, and I told him I went in, they practice the whole team. Everybody, the whole coaches said everybody was there. Oh, they about to jumped you, man. Nah, they weren't gonna do that. I told Lamar all them, if you, he said, that's my friend. I said, well you supposed to be helping your friend. He didn't help him.


Nah, he, they, they, they know better. Hey. Oh. Oh, you was the, you was the original Deebo man. Well, I mean, when somebody threaten you, my brother always told me, don't wait for him. Go to him. I mean, But actually in the, in the basketball setting, words are just words. They really don't mean that outside, outside of The court. They just saying it because on the court it's a safe place. So they ain't, they mean no, no. Hey Chad, there's one thing. I don't, I don't play on the court and I don't play on The court. Nah, he don't. So I I been You Wanna play? He, He, what you see is what you get. I been court 30 plus years. Yeah, he is exactly what he said. Believe if he say he gonna slap the ear, shot you. If he get close to you, he gonna slap you.


I like it. I like it. I like it. Yeah. Nah, But nah, it's all good. Who that you lend money to? Who did that you lend money to in the card game and he didn't pay you back? Tyrone Hill? Yeah, Tyrone Hill. Yeah. That, That happened without a game too. He Paid you back. He paid you back yet? Well, he, he was trying not to, but he said he was going through a divorce and then he says, wife or something happened, this and that. I'm like, huh? I said, I ain't listen it to your wife. So I got it right before the playoff though. Look Man O Man O you was a wild one on that one.


Interested in investing in Bitcoin, but not sure how to get started. Well, with the Gemini credit card, you can dip your toes into Bitcoin without even trying. Just spend like you normally do groceries, gas, or a night out and instantly earn up to 4% back in Bitcoin or one of over 50 other cryptos straight to your account with no annual fee. The Gemini credit card is pretty much a no brainer. And right now you can grab a $200 Bitcoin intro bonus. So go to gemini.com/card to learn more and start earning today terms apply again. Go to gemini.com/card, start building your bitcoin slash now terms apply. The Gemini credit card is issued by Web Bank in order to qualify for the intro $200 crypto bonus. Your application must be approved by June 30th, 2025 and spend $3,000 in your first 90 days Terms apply. Some exclusions apply to instant rewards in which rewards are deposited. When the transaction posts. This content is not investment advice and trading Crypto involves risk for more details on rates, fees and other Gemini credit card terms. C rates and fees.


Are you shopping for a new laptop while still trying to keep up with technology and AI? Talk about feeling burnt out, but no more? lenovo.com makes it easier than ever to find the perfect pc. In fact, we'll break it down for you. Step one, shop our lineup of AI PCs powered by Intel core ultra processors. Because why deal with downloading new software? When you can buy a smarter PC that already comes with all of the AI features and tools. Step two, find the one that fits your passion. Whether you're a creative genius, a research scientist, a hardcore gamer, or a future CEO. No dream is too big. That's the power of Lenovo. With Intel inside, you can keep up with your ideas as well as any challenges you may face. Step three, add to cart and purchase. Oh, if you're a college student or a teacher, make an education account through us and get 5% off your whole order. Shop now@lenovo.com. A better future is waiting and it needs you.


You're a hustler. You get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. J Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion. Morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long lasting results. Cleanse, treat, moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit J beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment. Plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that JLo glow.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.


Oh, tell us about the cooking ventures. How did you learn how to cook? Man, I learned basically, You know, my family, big time cooking. Grandparents, mother aunts and sisters. Well, my thing is my rookie year, You know, I had some, I had some, You know, some skills already, but traveling a lot, this and that. Going in at the hotels, You know, my rookie year basically I had a lot of bets on the team, but You know, I just like going to these restaurants. I just got tired of it. It's just doing the little things, You know, either burgers, the spaghetti steak, potatoes, little pasta and You know, the breakfast food. So I just started adding on to adding on to it.


But as I got good and good, all the guys on my team started coming over and eat. You know, I started, You know, making the A team thing, bringing everybody together, You know, and all that. And I just fell in love with it and it is relaxing. Yeah. Amen. I saw you cook for Jay-Z, you cooked for Jordan, you cooked for Oprah. What did, what did you, what did you cook? What did you cook for hov? So basically it was that MJ 40 birthday party in DC and it was, You know, like I said, Jay-Z, we was playing cards, Beyonce, everybody, Bob Johnson. I mean, it was a lot of people. So it was his birthday party. We got snowed in at the Ritz. And so at the Ritz in Washington, they got two tiles.


The north and south tile. Yes. So I was in the condo, MJ was in the rooftop. So we ended up having a party after his birthday. And basically we cooked two days in a row. I mean, I just went to the store, we just got a lot of food and You know, they just had a good time. But I do a lot of things like that. Invites, I give guys my, my likings to, You know, put on their charity and auction me off and they bid on me. Matter of fact, I got one in Syracuse, New York in about two weeks going cook for like 50 people's. Basically I can that by myself, but it's just something I just love to do. And I really like to see a smile on people face. And everybody said, well, You know, this and that. I, because I'm picker, You know what I mean?


I send something back in The mail. Damn, your will. So my, my thing with me is I know well, I put my heart and soul and I don't want somebody sending my food back to me. Right. So I'm gonna make sure it's right. What's Your favorite thing to cook Oak? Oh man, I tell everybody's me, but I don't know. I try to cook. What you like. I'm good. I'm like alphabet A, a A to Z, all 26. I can do 26 different things. Right. Hey, And You know, You know how dope that is. Unc, they had that in your toolbox. You know, You know how to cook. Man. That, that's, that's I think one of the greatest things to ever have in your toolbox as a man. If you have money, if you don't have money, but if you can cook Oak and you can play Instrument. If you can cook and play instrument, and if you got and you wanna add the cherry on top, know how to sing as well.


If you can play, I Chad I can play spades and See now we talking Now That's how you gonna get me to come to the, that's how you gonna get me to come because now you talking about language. Oh, you talking about the spade? Because You know, if you went to an HB black, you went to a black college. Oh yeah. If you came play spade and if you camet join you in, boy, you in trouble double. Oh man. You in trouble and that. Oh yeah. Because hey, I'm a ologist, so I'm the highest ranking. Like, You know, you got the grandma and, and, and, and chess. Oh, okay. We go out there and set. We gonna out to get together. You bring up partner number.


We can do that. We got next Time Atlanta, we go, Hey, I'm telling you. Lemme See how, how you you play. Do you play Big Joke, a little joke or how you play? I, I, I can play big joke. A little joker or no joke or just Ace King. I don't know. I don't mess with Deuce. Okay, good. You okay? See now because You know people play Deucer down with Deuces Fame. Big joke, little joke. I don't, but when they talk about deuces, I tell 'em I ain't playing. I don't wanna play with no deuces. You got two big, you got Big Joe, little Joker, then you got two Deuces. Nah, nah, Nah. Okay. Just big jokers. Okay. We play Wer. We big joke. A little joker Ace King. Yeah. Sometimes some people don't play no Joker. Yeah. I Don't like play like that. Nah.


Hey, I got, I got the team. I got the team. Who? Me? Me and you. Spades game against Oak and Jordan. Oh yeah. You know how to play Ocho. Yeah, I Know how to play Spade. What you talking I'm gonna spa all of this too. Hey. Yeah, That'd be a good one. Hey, Hey, Hey. Whatever. Whatever y'all. Hey that be, Hey. That'd be a real good one. Yeah, absolutely. Whatever y'all want. Bet too. Tell Hold on, hold on. On Ocho Ocho do you really know how to play? Hey, you might have said the wrong things that way. We wanna No, hell nah. We Hey, you playing for fun. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. We don't do nothing for fun. We don't do Nothing. Yes, I do. Nah, nah, nah.


Hey Chad. Hey Chad. You can, you can play. Huh? That's, I'm, I'm, I'm at the city of Miami. Boy. I grew up playing spades. What? I know y'all play. Y'all play Domino down there. Nah. A boy not talking Now. See y'all play. No, do a oh oh. Y'all still play to Every now and then. That was the, that was the thing we played on the plane back in the rookie days. Guts. People don't play to no more. They play poker and they big wiz. Oh See we used to play. I love to play Spade too. We used to play, we used to play in between too. Y'all play in between? What's That? Oh yeah. No, the basketball player. I, I play with a lot of football players.


That's, they love that in between and they love guts. Look, I'm just telling a Guts And boo and boray Boray boray. Now they, we, we don't play too much Boray football guys do all the time. I know all the football Guys. Yeah, But I used to Drew, Hey, that was Drew Hill First. They Saying Drew Drew Hill. R-I-R-I-P Joe. He was the man. So what's on the, what's on the cooking journey you got, because you had a, you had, you were on a cooking show. So what are you looking to do another reality show about you evolve, you cooking? Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, You know what I, You know, You know, know my book is out there last enforcer. So I put, I put my cooking book on hold, but I'm gonna come out with that this year.


So, You know, I was on chops. I've been on a lot of different cooking shows. I did like, and I was in Toronto. I did like three or four shows. So this year I'm gonna, I'm gonna speed things back up because You know, my wife, we own the Atlanta Housewife, You know, I don't know. It is what it is. So we gonna finish, we gonna finish that up and we gonna move on to the next thing. And I'm gonna get my cookbook out and we going try to do some other stuff. Alright? Oh, we gonna get you outta here on this one. If the Knicks make the NBA finals, are you going to a game? I'm going to a game according who they playing on the road. I mean, right now I've been, I, You know, I've been banned from the garden, so I don't want to, I don't, and guy jumped on twice.


I don't wanna get beat up again. So sometimes they say you learn your lesson after twice. So, hey, hey man, I need, do I need to put a call in the do and say look here man. Man, that, that's old. He, he a fan favorite. He a proud favorite. He a New York favorite. You gotta have Oak in the building. Yeah. Yeah. You see what happened? I've been trying to get things situated with him. He just, he just, one of them guys, You know, I call him Trump nephew. Well, damn Oak, you ain't helping. I trying to get you here. You trying to stay Out. I ain't, I ain't call him Denny nephew. Damn Oak.


I trouble, I got, I'm tried to, I'm trying to get you in and you tried to stay Out. Hey man, hey sometimes, hey I, hey, I'm used to the cold so I got a jacket. Alright. Oh, last question. Gimme your Mount Rushmore power forwards The power forward. Gimme your four guys that you gonna put about Rushmore. So it is Akeem a center power forward. Well, I say, okay, so I'm gonna go with, so I'm gonna give you five. God, I'm Gonna give you Heads. Okay? Four. I mean I, You know, I, okay, I'm gonna give you Kevin Kel points.


Why I called my alarm. Give him a flag. You know, sometimes we don't always see eye to eye. You don't, you don't see eye to eye and a whole lot of people you see eye to eye with Oak. Well, like the guy from Auburn, he weighed about four and a pounds. He the third. Oh Charles. Oh yeah. And then I'm gonna, I'm gonna give it, I'm gonna give it, I'm gonna say old school. I'm gonna give it to she Wallace's crazy as, Hold on. How you leave Tim Duncan off You? Tim Duncan's the center. Tim A four. Okay, well I, so I'm gonna start over then I'm gonna go Tim Duncan, Kevin Kel, Charles Barkley, Carl Malone.


I like it. I'm leaving Steve, Steve, Derrick, Coleman, You know, y is them guys, You know, I think all them guys the same. Yeah, right. If, if so if you had a team, who do you want? You probably, I know y'all Probably gonna take Gianni. I'll Start Gianni. She Wallace? No, no, my first, my first. If I power forward I'm talking. No, Gianni. Look, she Wallace? Huh? Giannis. Oh, she Wallace. Oh, Rashid. Yeah. Ooh. I don't know. I'm taking she Gianni. She, she should have been the best powerful ever. Yeah. Shoot the three. Shoot, miss pre post. What? Gianni don't do nothing better than him, but dribble the ball up the court Finish.


No, You don't think I aint He playing, he playing against the, the little kids or the poor. That's Why play against who he play against Oak Man. I know he would've been back in the 80 90. He like I told somebody he probably been on the bench because he game made free throws and couldn't shoot a jumper. My, my jumper better than his, my free throws better than his. He just a better Athlete. Y'all, y'all roughed him up though. He wouldn't have game in there. He, he gained weight after he got in the lead. You had to come in, lead With him. Alright. Oh. Tell us how to tell the people how they can follow you on social media. What, what's your handle on ig? I'm real Oak 34 Twitter and I, and I'm on Twitter.


You know me then Enforcer. Yeah. Alright. Oh, 34 of Enforce on. And Before you go, oh, you gotta do me a favor, right? Listen, during the NBA playoffs and during NBA season in general, I have a hit list of players, You know, that I've, that I've challenged that I have to play when we, when we have some time, You know Joe Johnson. Who, who else, who else Antoine Walker Can, Kenya, Martin, Antoine Walker, ISO Joe. I already said iso. Who, who else we got? Who else on my hit list? Huh? What's y'all doing though? You playing one one? I'm playing One, one Playing everybody 1 0 1. Right. So I need you to do, I need you to do me a small favor. I need you to tell, I need to tell Jordan I need to get a one-on-one with him.


One. Oh right Now I don't turn, I don't want no excuses, I don't wanna hit nothing. We can go to 11. I'll spot him five right now. Oh yeah. I'm like, I'm I, if you see me play, you'll understand why I said that. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't counting your game out. I'm just saying he stay right there for the moment. So, You know he got a cup past shoes. Wouldn't that be a good one though? You gonna give him, you, you go to 11, you go get him five? Absolutely. And he get the ball first. I'm, I'm, I'm one of them ones. Oh, I'm one of the one. I just, You might not see it no more. The ball. He, I give you the ball first. You, Nah, listen, listen, I'm, I'm a gentleman. I, I respect my elders. Okay, well he the oldest so I understand that.


They always tell me if somebody owe you in the group, you gotta respect when they younging they gotta respect me. That's how that goes. Alright though. Hey, when I'm in Atlanta, I'm gonna hit you up, man. Let's go grab a bike. Alright? Hey, we gonna play that Spade? Oh yeah. Okay. Oh yeah, Absolutely. Hold on, hold on. What's, what's up? What's the money line? What we back? I Know, we know. I don't know. Thousand a game. That it, that's easy. I'm just saying, You know, start off One money, You know they seven When you buy in a pork, when you buy in again. So we start off and go up. Okay, well we, so hold on. We gonna play more than one game go low. What about, So what we going to, what we going what We going to 300 to 500, 300.


Good. Cool. Enough. Bet I Ready And 500. You just want a hold Hand. Hey, lemme ask you this, hold on. We don't want a hold hand Sandbag. We under sandbagging. You go over I we we, we just play. Okay. Alright. If you ain't trying, if you sandbagging you ain't, if you sandbagging, you ain't trying to get Hundred. Don't worry about my hand. You be, You don't worry about You sandbagging. You bet your head. Don't worry about what? I I Don't care. I like sandbagging. That mean you ain't trying to win you Sandbag. No, I'm trying to set you. Don't worry about what I'm twisting. Oh, oh, oh. You play, you play two sets in over. No we don't. That's that's what I'm asking. Do you play like that? No, I Don't play. I play whatever. I don't think I, I play firsthand.


You get 10, that's two. Yeah. A win. I don't play no blinds. No. Hey, hey. Okay. Hey, I run, I'm gonna run a Boston off the muscle. Alright, well I'ma run a Boston. Hey, hey, Hey. I could already tell how we already won. We already won. We got this one. We got this one. No Joe, we got it. I can't wait. Hey. Oh, I can't wait. All right. Stop babe, stop by Oak. I'll holler at you. Alright, The Volume


Okay. Have you heard about this last year Degree changed the forklift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one man's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.


Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh Optiv mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh Optiv mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop aisle at all major retailers.


Does Friendly have a taste? If it does, it's probably like hello's, peppermint flavored anti plaque and whitening toothpaste. Brush away plaque show tartar who's boss and remove surface stains to naturally whiten hello's, thoughtful and flavor forward products. Make brushing your teeth. Feel like a confetti filled bathroom dance party. So say hello to hello with the always cruelty free, never tested on animals toothpaste that's made to spread smiles. Visit hello products.com and let hello add some everyday yay into your life.


We finally switched to T-Mobile because with them we can be connected here and there. Dad, the cousins in Mexico have a surprise for you And enjoy the gift of staying Connected. Switch and start saving today. Get four Samsung Galaxy S 25 phones with Galaxy AI on us and four lines for just 25 bucks per line. Plus nonstop talk texts and data between us and Mexico. Visit a store T-Mobile dot com or call one 800 T-Mobile one 800 T-Mobile. See details at T-Mobile dot com.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.