
Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win. Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, all stored in the massive hum door and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap underage sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Wendy's is the official hamburger or marsh manager, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grill burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with the fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato, and mayo, and the hot and juicy double stack with two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Mercer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack and an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's.


Discover the life-changing benefits of Meow Greens for your cat. Ever see your cat slowing down or having health issues and wonder what can I do to make them better? Well, my friend, add Meow Greens to your cat's food for 90 days And I guarantee you'll see changes that will amaze you. Greetings, I'm naturopathic Dr. Dennis Black Invent of Meow Greens And I invite you to take the Meow Greens 90 Day Challenge. In the first 30 days, you'll see shinier coats and increased energy. By day 60, your cat will have a stronger immune system, less shedding improved joint function, all due to the live nutrients that you've added to their diet. And at 90 days, they're gonna have better digestion, reduced inflammation, improved heart health, And you may even have reduced their cancer risk. Fetch a free jumpstart trial bag for your cat today. Go to try meow greens.com. Use promo code, try meow. That's try MEOW. You discover the shipping. You don't have to change your cat's food. To improve your cat's health, just add a packet of Meow Greens.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


When it comes to college basketball in March. Mania one thing is for sure. Nothing's for sure. Upsets, buzzer beaters. Cinderellas advances top seeds. Going home early is all going to happen. Bet the unexpected. Every upset every day with drafting sports book. With live betting, exclusive content promos and parlays. Draftking is the ultimate college basketball destination for March. Ready to make your first bet. Check out the matchups and pick a team to win. It's that simple First time. Here's something special just for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bets. Bet the unexpected with Draftking Sportsbook. Download Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet when you bet. Just five bucks only at DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up taxpayers, it is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Spring is right around the corner and You know what that means? More time to enjoy quality moments with your partner. Whether it's a long walk in the park or cozy evening at home, there's no better time to spark up that connection. Literally introducing Rose Sparks the two in one prescription treatment that helps you get stronger, harder erections, faster Rose Sparks dissolve right under your tongue and hits the bloodstream quicker. Meaning you'll be ready to go in just 15 minutes on average. And with up to 36 hours of action, you've got more time to enjoy yourself. Round after round with Rose Sparks you get thicker, longer erections you want and the stamina that lasts longer. Making it more fun for the both of you is all about being ready for play. Whenever the moment strikes and the best part, Rose Parks connect you with a medical provider, a hundred percent online, no awkward in-person visits. If you are approved, your treatment ships right to your door. If prescribed new sexual health patients gets $15 off sparks on a reoccurring plan, connect with a provider@ro.co slash Nightcap to find if prescription RO sparks are right for you. That's ro.co/ Nightcap for $15 off your first order. Compound drugs are permitted to be prescribed under federal law, but are not FDA approved and do not undergo FDA safety effectiveness or manufacturing reviews. For full safety info, go to ro.co/safety info.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Currently, colon cancer is the second leading cause of cancer related deaths in the US and it's on the rise in people under the age of 50. But when caught at early stages, colon cancer is survivable in 90% of the people. So screening and early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. And a great one of a kind way to feel more in control of your colon cancer screening is through the Cologuard test. A prescription based test with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. The Cologuard test is the only FDA approved, non-invasive option that looks for both altered DNA and blood in your stool, which can indicate the presence of abnormal cells. This test offers convenience and ease of use and the kit is delivered right to your door. Once you complete the kit, it is returned to the lab and results are available within two weeks. Plus it's affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and if you do need a colonoscopy and they follow up, most insurance plans cover that as well. So if your 45 or older and at average risk, ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with the Cologuard test. You can request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for co colorectal cancer. Do not use the Cologuard test. If you've had adenomas have inflammatory bowel disease or certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family history of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopy in high risk patients. Cologuard test performs in adult age 45 to 49. It's estimated and based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positives and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


DAK is on the cusp of passing Romo. Dak needs six games this season to jump Tony Romo to have the second most career starts in the franchise history trailing only to Troy Aikman. That's a lot of mileage. He'll be 32 and has missed 30% of the last five years. Is this the year the Cowboys invest in a potential air? Now remember Cooper Rush is gone. He's in Baltimore. Yes, sir. I, I don't know, I don't know with the way Jerry Jones operates. I have no idea what they're gonna do. I can't even tell you. And I know Dak has missed 30% of, of, of, of playing time due to injury. Unfortunate injuries. But this is football.


It's a contact sport. It's a violent sport. Injuries are going to happen. Injuries happen at every position. Sometimes you, even though you try to prevent it, it's almost impossible. The NFL has done all they can do to make the game safer injuries still happen And they gonna continue to happen. Yeah. Always, always. And I, as, as far as them finding a air, it ain't nothing out there to look for or fine right now anyway. True. It's not. It's not. And Dak Dak is only 32. I'm not sure how long he would wanna play, but he got a long way to go. Especially at the quarterback position fighting in the air. If you gonna do it, it ain't right now.


So what they gonna do? And I mean look, Ocho Dak make a 60 mil, 60 mil ocho I need championship. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I need a championship game. Yeah. I need to get to the Super Bowl playoff. Yeah, yeah. More more than playoff, Huh? I can't be one and done. Right. I can't get just to the divisional round Ocho. Right. You right. What am I getting for that 60 million? That $249.5 million that's guaranteed. What do I get for that? Well listen that 60 million, obviously you wouldn't have to pay that. You paid him ahead of time. You made him play out his whole contract and listen, this is what you get. This is what you get. Dallas did that, Jerry did that. Steven Jones did that. You Him, they doing it with Michael?


No. Oh man. Listen, one thing about a one, one thing about a cat. Wait a minute, I'm, I forgot to quote that fast. What about a cat? You gonna lay on his feet? Nah, but it, I I I'm trying to use the analogy. A leopard never changed his stripes. If they done, if they done it, if they done one thing one way all the time, regardless to who the player is, they're gonna continue to do it the same way. That's why he keep getting the same results. I'm gonna do everything. I'm gonna do everything at the last minute. Yeah, well you can't do Well here's the thing. You do that and the guy you gotta pay extra then you, I again, but you just, you just you million. You doing that with Micah?


Yeah. Yeah. Mi you see the market exploded? Yeah. And listen, while the market exploding, they're going to have to make him the highest paid anyway at his position. I don't know what you're waiting on. You might as well get it done Now Jamar Chase brought his dream Lamborghini this week after his historic deal. Check out this ride O Joe. Yeah. He says he's dreamt of buying this car for over 10 years. He raced t Higger around Miami. O Joe. How come they ain't call you? You got, you got a whip O Joe. Is that a McLaren? Is that a McLaren that T got? Yeah. Yeah, T got t got a green McLaren. I was with Chase before I left to go to New Orleans to watch Alvin Ailey.


So Chase was with me. I saw it very nice. Lambo remember I had, I had a roaster tube at during, during my plan days. Yeah. Obviously I have a Ferrari now, but that's too much. That's too much car and it's too loud for me anyway. You know, you get to a certain age, you don't wanna hear that kind of noise. Yeah. But it's, it's a beautiful thing in person. You know, chase was at my grandma house. Okay man, we, we sat there for two hours, man. We talked about, talked about a deal, talked about the contracts. We talked, man, we talked about everything. So it, it was a good time. I'm a Ferrari guy. I mean not no disrespect to la I'm a Ferrari guy. They got that new Ferrari. What's that? New Ferrari. They got a super card now. Ocho I think they said they make 799 and then $4 million. Right.


Wait now wait, wait, come again. 4 million Man. Go ahead man. Go. And I ain't Can't can't buy the car no time soon. Yeah, I mean we, we in the same boat. We, I I I have enough choice. I got I enough Choice. I got, I got a 2013 Range Rover got less than 37,000 miles on it. Hey, Do you even drive that? The F 80? They got a F 80 Super. It's a supercar. Right. A 1200 horsepower. You don't even a, you don't even need all that. I'm just saying a, a person in general, I'm saying the person, unless you're a car collector, you don't need that. Unless you are a chic or you over there in, in, in Dubai or, or a guitar.


And I can see that they, that's a different kind of money. I can see You know them, something like that. Well, why I can't see it? Because I can't see $4 million. That's why I can't see it. You know, listen, all you need, all you need is you don't for no damn car. You Crazy. Listen, I listen, I got a simple fa spider. That's enough. Yeah. You know, You know, one day a Sunday or Saturday I want to go out, hear the noise, enjoy, pull up to a brunch spot, eat, enjoy, smoke my cigar. Go home outside of that. Yeah. I can't do it every day. Oh, there's too much noise, huh? Well I Just saw the guy, That noise is aggravating The air to the Red Bull Fortune just bought the, the former F1 Egglestone. He bought his collection.


650 million. Yeah, my goodness. I mean he got Michael Shoe markers, he got those, the Michael shoe markers that he won his subtitle Nicki Lauder. Yeah, his, I mean he got who? Yeah. Who, Yeah, I could, I could imagine. But I even if I had, even if I had 4 million, you wouldn't, which I Wouldn't, even if I had 4 million And let me reemphasize that again. I don't Yes you do buy no car. That Hold on. But wait, if, if you were an extensive car collected like the Jay Lenos or the Red Crosses, then you would, Lemme tell you what, I'm an extensive money collector And I ain't got 4 million.


That's what I'm trying to collect. I'm trying to collect money And I ain't collected enough of it yet. But look, I ain't have a problem with that. Don't y'all. Look, you And I both, when we grew up And we saw people purchasing things, man, 20,000 ain't no way. I'll pay 20,000 for that. Right, right, right, right. When you get, it is easy to say what you won't do when you ain't got it. 'cause when you, when you can't do it. Right. But when you can, you do things that you never thought you would 'cause you didn't think you'd be in this position. Position. Right. So, but no, congratulations. Enjoy it. Yeah. That's the whole purpose of it. You know? And I might buy yourself something.


What's the whole, what's the purpose of working hard? That you can't get at least one or two things that you enjoy? Build a car, be at a watch, be whatever the case may be. Enjoy it. Listen, enjoy the fruits of your labor uncle. But don't get lost in the lifestyle. Don't get lost and become handicapped to the lifestyle in general. It's okay to enjoy the fruits of your labor 'cause you work hard to get where you are at. Yeah. Huh. And you, You know, You know I had to give Chase that talk. I talked to t Higgins the following day. You know, don't, don't get lost in it. You can enjoy it. There is nothing. And I know all the NFL players gonna see this Chase. I know you gonna see this T Higgins and anybody else that's gonna get paid Micah you next.


There is nothing you can buy. I don't care how much money your owners pay you. Nothing you can buy that is more valuable than your name. Nothing. When you get out that car And you take all them clothing And you take all them that jury And you look in the mirror, boy, that's the true value boy. You hear me? You ain't gotta do nothing to impress nobody when you go to the club. You ain't gotta pop no bottles. You ain't gotta buy no sections. Nah Huh. Because all the chicks they done Google. How much you making already? You ain't got do Nathaniel. Listen to me. I'm telling you I've been in the game 40 years and still got all my chicken. I got.


Hey, I, hey on. I I you gotta talk for me. I got a ppe. Go. But hey Chase, you wearing that one bro. You say you've been thinking about this car for 10 years. Here you are. You, you got your rookie contract. Put that up. Hey, I'm going to get me something nice. Got in a Lambo. Hey it is nice Spring calling a soap. And you gotta wait for, well we gotta wait for OCHO for this one. So hopefully, man, y'all need to get off them sight.


Lakers. Yeah, the Lakers. What y'all want to talk about the Lakers? What y'all want to say? They got blown out. They did. They got blown out. And that's what happens. You give up 70 points in the paint. You let a team shoot 15, 16 threes. You don't get blown out. Dunno what y'all wanted to say. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. The leg is lost Last night. One what? 1 46 to 1 0 5. 1 1 15, something like that. Yeah. Wait, Hold on, hold on. I I just wanna make sure. I just want you to stay with me now. So is it still leg in five even though they lost? Yeah. Okay. They wasn't playoffs, they wasn't done. You gotta win four games in the playoffs. Okay. My bad, my bad. I'm just checking. I Leg in five.


How about this here O Chop, speaking of calling a soldier bets Keon Coleman 50 pushups. His quarterback wouldn't answer his FaceTime. Watch this. Ojo. Yeah. What's, what's the over under You think he gonna, if he answer, I need 50 pushups. Whoa. Wait on, hold on. If he answer you give come on down. No, I, I I can't lose then. I only could lose if you don't answer. But I don't have to do nothing. Oh. So it's it's not really a, it, it is a one sided deal. It is unilateral. I like those deals. That's FaceTime new phone. Who this? Nah, he ain't gonna do that. I ain't contract. Oh. Look, your answer.


I appreciate you so far. My guy. I'm going to q and a at a Army base right now. Somebody, somebody asked me if you would answer. I was like, I think he would. I need my 50 pushups. You lost? And he said thank you for y'all service. That's dope. That's dope. Hey, hey, My quarterback love me bro. He, if you thought you had me, man, he thought he had a, got a new contract. He answered the phone for everybody. He good. Hey, that's a good one. Hey, who, who could you call in your, who? Can you call your phone Unc no matter what Helen, how if you, if your life depended on it, you could pick up the phone and FaceTime and You know, they guaranteed the answer.


Your life on the line. Huh? Oh, I don't, I don't call about, I don't call nobody about Kayla. I don't call. I'm just saying my sister, I, my sister did not answering FaceTime. 'cause I've never talked to my sister on FaceTime. My brother's not gonna answer. 'cause I've never talked to my brother on FaceTime. I've only talked to my son once on FaceTime. Right. I've only talked to my daughter, my youngest daughter once on FaceTime. So the only person I don't talk to Bucket on FaceTime. I don't talk to Burns on FaceTime. See But that's a good thing though. That's a good thing. 'cause the fact that they don't normally talk to you on FaceTime, they would understand it would probably be an extreme emergency if I got UNC calling me on FaceTime. No, they gonna hit the client. Do you mean to call me on FaceTime?


That's what they gonna text me back and say, And I know, I know about people on joke. Oh. I don't, I don't. That ain't me. So the only person I would probably, if I had to bend something, I would, I'd probably say Kayla. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. If, if I, if I had to choose somebody in, in, in my life in my immediate life and it was a life or death situation And I What type of face do you mean to call me? I'm trying to think. I'm trying, I mean, what could I call? Probably probably my kids. Any, any any one of my kids. Yeah. Yeah.


That's the only, that's the only one. That's the only one I would be willing to put anything on to say that she would answer. She ain't answer now. 'cause she gotta get up and go to work in the morning. She got a new job so she ain't answering right now. But nah, my sister, no brother, mom bucket burns. No, I'm trying to, I ain't up. First of all, I ain't never, I ain't never called any of my, You know, Snoop Cube, anybody that's in my phone, Mayweather or Ross. PI ain't never called nobody.


FaceTime don't call. I don't like talking FaceTime. Hey, And I know who you would call. I know if you gonna answer Who You talking about me. Oh hell. Oh, nah, nah, I'm, nah, nah, nah, Nah. I'm trying to think. Let lemme ask you this. What sir could you call and they would answer all of them man. They probably, they done probably done changed their number on me. Listen to me. You hear Me?


Huh? All of them. All of them. I mean respect. They tell, they tell me. They say Ocho pay, well Pay pay. What will They say? Ocho pay? Well Listen, I respectfully all of them And I say, I say it respectfully. I mean, You know, I like that. I, I And I I can answer that. I can say that confidently too. Maybe we go live, maybe we have to put that to the test. Maybe we have to call somebody when we go live. Oh. From, from the past.


Okay. If you can do that. I like that. I thought I ain't calling nobody for no past hell. I'm talking about somebody my phone. I thought you said me. Hell no. Well, you Oh, you talking. Oh, oh, you talking about, okay, okay, okay. We can do that. I, I like that. I like that. I like that. Hey, that would be a good one though too, huh? Huh? What? That hey said that, Hey, call the ex out the blue just to see if they answer. Yeah, that's a saw one of my, I call one of my kids, mom. Oh, come on. Here you go, man. You know they gonna answer No. Hell they don't. The hell they won't. They gonna, they gonna send me attention me. Tell me attention about what the hell you want.


Uhuh No, I, IIII fool to death


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free with Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, l PT tour winner and six time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to save all my Miss America, by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle Lee, Heather McMahon, Amanda Ball Otis. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, And I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates. Nate, we're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns in combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with Jay, Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. Jay Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


A fake CJ SRA got into his Houston rodeo for free, for pretending to be Raul. He even had the Texans fans taking pictures with him. Ocho, look at this. Hey, hey. That, hey, that's funny. Hey, you guys have no, they had to put a suit all the door guys, the security let suit with my camera because I couldn't go to the front door doing good. That's me. I know I wasn't expecting a, but I'll take it soy, if you goes on your, on your preserve, brother, like, love you guys. You're taking a super sit.


Hold on. Come on. Thank You. Okay, so for my kids, I just got eight in a rodeo for free. We're looking like CJ Shaw. Why the hell would CJ Troub be wearing his jersey in public Or his shirt in general? I mean, you would have to be a true, a true football fan. A true football fan to actually know, man, stop playing. That ain't no CJ Rou. Now you do look like it And you can fool a whole lot of people, huh? That don't know exactly who he is, but just know, all right. I know he looks like the quarterback, but I don't know if it's really him or not.


So that's why he was able to get away with that. But listen, a true football fan, you ain't fooling nobody. You ain't fooling nobody. You know, I was like, bro, I mean, have you ever, have you ever worn your jersey out in public? Me? Yeah. Absolutely, Absolutely not. No. Hell no. Absolutely not. I mean, the only time prep pep rallies were you at high school? You got the pep rally In high school. High school pep rally. Yeah, I remember them days. Yeah. You talking not the pimp rally. They actually wear that thing all day in all day in school. Yeah. You know that, don't you? Hey, game day boy, don't tell me that they had that number two walking through the hallway skipping class.


That was me. Yeah. You know that be what? What time? You know? Hey, your girl, wear your Letterman jacket. You know what I'm saying? Don't cho. Oh Yeah. You got a leather jacket. Yeah. Yeah. BII don't know where that, matter of fact, my ex my ex from high school, she still got my Letterman jacket. That would be a nice gift to get back if I could get it. Ain't if I could find out where she at. I don't know where she at. And then, You know, we got all them patches down there. What is like region champ, You know? Yeah. So forth. And so state champs, You know, man, Joe got a hold, Joe got a whole, a whole jersey OCHO that I know y'all about to get mad at us, but don't get mad.


What bills? We gotta pay some bills. It's only 50 seconds. 50 seconds. And we gonna pay some bills. Oh, okay. Okay. We'll be right back after this


TV hit show. Dark side of the ring is back. Professional wrestling is the only sport who stars living two worlds. Balancing their in ring characters with real life dark side of the ring examines the complex intersection of fantasy and reality while uncovering wrestling dark untold history. This season will be another shocking view into professional wrestling's unseen world. From the firsthand accounts of Mick Foley's career defining hell in a cell, icon's Big Van Vader and superstar Billy Graham to Billy Jack Haynes awaiting trial for second degree murder charges. Season six will be a continuation of the explosive, untold stories in the world of wrestling. Dark side of the ring premieres March 25th at 10:00 PM Eastern with new episodes every Tuesday only on vice tv. Go to vice tv.com to find your cable channel.


See, That wasn't that long, was it? No, that wasn't all at all. Hey, let, hey, hey Chap, we got, we gotta pay the bill now. You know, the first, the first roll around, we don't say nothing. Y'all gotta pay your bills. Car insurance. You know life insurance. Yeah. Health insurance. You know, rent, rent be due. Your phone bill due. I mean, come on now. Yeah. Y'all talking about unc, UNC High. Oh high. Every time. I, every time I'm out. Hey Unc, you hired unc. Can I intern? How you think we pay the bills? How you think we pay people to do all this? Editors, graphics, producers, associate producers. Y'all, it ain't, I want y'all to know it ain't cheap to do this.


We got 17 in blue. We got 17, 18 employees. Yeah. Make, yeah, make it, make it 19. Well, you ain't no employee, but you get paid handsomely. You ain't no damn employee. Hey, Hey, you, you right, you right by getting paid handsomely. I appreciate it. I I appreciate that. You know, handsome money, handsome dude. You know it all go hand in hand. Ocho, check this out. A New York basketball coach was fired for pulling a high school player's ponytail, Northville high school fired Coach Jim Zow. The incident unfolded at North High School, lost to New York State Public High School. God, you gotta wait till we finished.


Go ahead. Go ahead o look to look at this. Watch what you doing. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm looking at it. I'm looking at it. Oh man, listen. That, that's, that's, You know, that's not the first time, huh? That's not the first time. Now that's something that's probably been going on for a while. Especially me Put on over there. Now what? Here, like that. Hey, but listen, that's why What pulled my dude have slap fire From, Hey man, listen, I don't know where parents was at, but You know, that could, Hey, that couldn't have been, You know what? No. 'cause somebody, somebody's parents would've been and jumped on the court and beat and beat buddy up. Yep. But you can tell that incident or something like that to be that comfortable, especially during the game to be able to do that. That mean it been, it is been going on before that. Yeah. It's been going on in practice And maybe once upon a time, way back when Yes, sir.


Coaches behaved in this manner. Oh yeah. Absolutely Not. Today's time. You can't, you can't coach and intimidate players like you could when you And I was coming up. Right. Especially when I was coming up. Right. They grab your face mask, they push you, they kick you in your, as your tail. Yeah. They did say to you, Ocho, you can't do that now. Yeah. And You know, babe, you do that to kid. Somebody can't, first of all, you do that to somebody kid. Now somebody kick, somebody gonna knock fire from you. Oh yeah. Okay. You gotta be careful. And I always tell people, be careful how you treat people, kid. Yeah. You got to you because Some man, somebody come up there and do something bad to you and then you like, well, he have to do it.


Well, you didn't have to do that. He Knew that. Yeah. And I, I'm just, just thinking about the coaching styles back then, especially your era. Hell, my era wasn't, wasn't any better. I chat, I chat. I don't know how many of you familiar with the documentary, the year of the bull? Obviously You know, Teddy Bridgewater just this past season one state he was coaching at Miami Northwestern prestigious Black high school in Liberty City. If you get a chance, please go back and watch the documentary called The Year of the Bull. Just to see how high school colleges coach during that era, how I grew up and how I was coached Little league all the way up to high school. It is, it's, it's unbelievable. And I think that coaching style, it wouldn't work in today's era, but it made all of us better players and a and a little numb to some of the things that go on outside in, in the real world, having to deal with some of the coaches that coach, You know, in that manner, in that style.


It's, it's, it's frowned upon the day. But I kind of like it in a sense, the way, the way they operated back then. See if you check that documentary out, it's called the Year of the Bull Miami Northwestern. I mean, you might like it, You know, some of you might, might hate it, but, but I, I enjoy, me personally, I enjoy that kind of coaching style. Yeah. I I And you just can't do it now. You know, the same with Bobby Knight head butted his players on the, on the bench. Yeah. Yeah. You know, he, he got there and he got down. He head butted him. Man, you can't do that no more. You, you can't, you can't do all the stuff and grab the player in his collar and grab, You know, they, they were, they were notorious. Grab grab you by your face, man.


You know what I'm saying to you son? And Shug can do all kind of things, man, look here and back then we ain't know no better. We took it, we took it because we felt that they were trying to get us better. Yeah. You can get somebody better without trying to do all that. Being disrespectful and being derogatory. I a but that was just, and, and just because look, just because of your, it worked, You know, and do I think that had anything to do with me? Hell, I think I was gonna be pretty, what I was gonna be regardless. Do I like to be coach? Yes. Yeah. If I'm wrong, tell me I'm wrong And I'm gonna try to correct it. But don't curse me. Tell me what you want me to do. Tell me what's the best way I can go about doing it. I'm gonna do, do it.


Right. Right. But I just, I'm, I'm not, I I, I ain't, I ain't big in put my hands on people, kids. 'cause I don't want you to put, I don't want you to put your hands on my kids. So I ain't put my hands on nobody kids. Right. And I don't want you to put your hands on me, but You know, back then, but as you get older, you're like, okay coach, I don't mind being corrected, but this is how I'd like you to talk to me. Right, Right, right. But I mean, he teaches on Coach O. Yeah. Looking back at the cost of living 40 years ago in 1985, which one of these items surprises you the most? Hold on. I, I can't, I can't, I can't see that.


That good? Now, Hold on. Can you see it now? A new house cost 84,300. The average income was 23,600. Right. Minimum wage was 3 35 an hour. Average rent, $432 a month. College tuition $4,560. A spanking brand new car was less than $7,700. Milk was two 20 a gallon. Eggs was 85. Seven dozen. A loaf of bread cost 68 cents. A movie ticket was 3 55 and gas cost a dollar 12 a gallon. Now listen, one thing I wanna say about this, I remember these days, huh?


1985. Yeah, I remember I was a junior in high school. Yeah. Hey listen, I was a freshman in high school. Now when I think about it, they always say history repeats itself. No, that Ain't happening. Wait, listen to me. Stay with me. Now, if you look at some of the things going on, fashion, politics, some of the things that's going on in the world, we're going back to the sixties and the seventies and certain areas and aspects in life. If you actually pay attention to certain things And we talk about history repeating itself, at what point will we get back to this? Never. You are never gonna buy a house for less than a hundred thousand dollars unless it's a row house.


Unless it's a crack house. You ain't getting no new car. You ain't getting no new car for no $7,700 ocho. Hey, milk and gas ain't gonna ever be a dollar 12 a gallon. Hey, young eggs was 85 cents. I was 80, eggs was 85 per cents. Per dozen. Yeah. I was, I was 17. I remember Yes. Oh my goodness. Yes. Remember I told you you, you used to get three loaf of bread for a dollar. I remember you get three lo loaf of bread was 68 cents now. But I remember you can get three loaves of bread for a dollar. Yes. I, I remember this like I was 17, I remember this now.


I ain't know nothing about no new house. The house we called. Probably we stayed, it probably cost $1,500. But yeah, I remember this. The funny thing about it is, is the price of everything keeps going up. Right. Yeah. Everything around us, it keeps going up. They're taking jobs away from, from people using technology chat, beat chat, chat, GPT and, and AI and all this other stuff. Automated services. But minimum wage isn't going up the way it should. No, I Remember to be, to to be able to offset the price of everything going up. So something, something gonna Happen to here. Wages are going, exact wages are going up. Yeah. The average consumer to hourly is not 'cause it's what, seven 30 or now?


Yeah, I work for 3 35 an hour. So I know Yeah, OCHO the deal. But even back then, Ocho, you look at that say, damn bro, my grandma called hell even at 85 cents. Yeah. Even at 68 cents for a loaf of bread. It was still hell on the port of sharp household. And you looking at the price at night. Like damn. Oh, you yes. Yeah. Yes. That's crazy. Gala Ga gas was a dollar 12 a gallon And you weren't going nowhere unless you had $2 to put put in my tank. So it wasn't no free ride. Hey come take No, you got to pay. Right.


Yeah, I, yeah. Yeah. I remember that light yesterday. That's crazy New car. 7,000. Why do You know I at 7,000 was Oh Yeah. Back then. I, I can, I can imagine. I Can imagine. How do You know buy a car? My granny made $197 every two weeks. So she made less than $4,000 a year. So how the hell you gonna pay for a new car? Yeah, you right. And buy and buy and buy food. Can you imagine if everybody remember was $430 still? Do You know how much money that was back then? Yeah. I already know. You gotta tell me I was there.


What you mean? I was, I Was there. You looking at today's money when you making today's money And you looking at yesterday's prices. Right, Right, right. Transport your ass back there. You know how your grandma, how your mama struggl struggle. Oh yeah. To pay 430 something dollars. Oh, that was a full load of money. Yeah. I, I already know. But just imagine. Hell granny, granny made $500 a month. So then you gonna pay rent at 4 32 a month. And she made 500. Mm. And so funny, you notice how they, they made it work back then. They made a way. Yeah. No matter what. Regardless, regardless Of the circumstance, you, you make pig feet, you ate coon, you ate squirrel.


You aint rabbit. You ate possum. Yes. That's how you ate trike. You ate mild ous. That's how you made it. You went and caught a mess of fish. Yeah. And you ain't. Yes. That's how you made it work. You wasn't eating no steak, no lamb chopped, no lobster, no crab legs, no lo, no scallops. No. Or you ain't eat none of that. Right. I had never, I had never heard of a person eating crab like, oh, You know them dungeons crabs them blue crab? Yeah, but like them king crab legs with lobster. Oh yeah. I ain't never heard nobody eat no lobster. Nobody eat no lobster. Talking about can we go get some, when we got in college, like a senior and guy, guy was talking, man, I'm gonna take old girl to Red Lobster.


She want lobster. Right. Which You know, guys, when you got that, that work study money, You know you got that work study money ocho, you try to press somebody, you talking about eat something man, please. Ah, Eating salmon croquette in the can, eating viol sausages buy sausages eating bologna. That two bologna with the red, with the, with the, You know, tube, the long tube of bologna or choke knock with the slice. You wouldn't get that. Right. You get that big ass tube. Hold On. What? What? You know, I bet you ain't had no beanies and weenies. Nah, we ain't eat that. Okay. We didn't have pork and beans though. Okay. Okay. No good pork and beans and pork and beans. And you cut, you take the hot dogs and cut the hot dogs up in the pork beans.


Yeah. Okay. And You talk And we got the, we got the, the hot dogs. The 50 came in the pack, but the hot dogs still had the casing on them. See, they were pink. Yeah. Yeah. Get that What I'm talking about Ocho you ain't getting no, you ain't getting no, no good. No Hebrew national. Right Mans stop. But I'm looking at depressed. I'm like, as I look back in this now, Ocho And I think, boy, we were bad off Ocho. I, we we might've been bad worse than I previously thought. Right. Boy. Hey, there was some days that black hell yeah. Boy, them hey them. Hey. Them was some days. Oh man. Good times. Hey, when, when life was simple.


Life was simple. All right, Ocho, we got your favorite segment back, Chad. Oh, y'all get ready. It's time for O Cho's favorite segment. Go. It's time for Spello Cinco. Where your hat, where your hat Ocho put your hat on. Hey man. Hey, hey. You know who You know who got mad at me and cut my hat up a long time ago. That's why it stopped winning. Man. Don't put that. You heard me? Yeah, Yeah. Okay. Ocho I'm gonna start y'all with, hold On, hold on, hold on. Let, let me lock in first. Lemme lock. You know, don't Dad, don't rush me. Don't rush me. Let me, let me lock in and, and focus so I can, I can chat.


This is for y'all. Tonight is for y'all. Chad, I'm telling you I want spelling. 78. 1979. Got Be able Father give Ocho the strength to lock in and dispel these words. Help him to focus, understand. And as I enunciate these words correctly, just give Ocho the strength and the courage to spell these words with conviction. Yes sir. We ask all these things in your name. Amen. Yes, sir. Amen. Let's go. Ocho. Amen. Amen. Amen. Your first word. First word. Ubiquitous. Ubiquitous. Won. Come out the gate. How come The gate simultaneously ubiquitous. Oh. How you come out the gate with something like that.


Okay. I It's gonna get easy. Okay. Ubiquitous. Okay. We start, we start with that. You, you you say it again. Ubiquitous. U ubiquitous. Yes. Now I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm assuming it is UB. Let's start there. Ubi. Ubi. Now Bic lighter is BIC. So I'm gonna go UBIC Ubi.


B-U-B-I-C-Q-T-I-S-T-U-B-I-Q-U-I-T-O-U-S. Ubiquitous. Now you knew Now you knew I wasn't gonna get that. Now the Chad, I Thought you gonna get that one. I thought that was the chance. What? Okay, how about this one? Ocho This one. And you've heard of this one. A demigogue. A who? A demigogue. A wait, you mean a, A demigogue.


A demigogue. Demigogue is a leader exploiting emotions to gain power. A demagogue Man. Are are, are these words even? Excuse me? Are these words even in the, in the, the source? Yes. I've never heard that before. A a Demi. Say it one more time. I bet you I get it right. Demigogue. A demigod. A-D-E-M-I-A demigod. GOD. Where the hell you get an A from? I said demigogue. Oh, you said demi. I thought you said a demigogue. No, but you wrong.


D-E-M-A-G-O-G-U-E. Demigogue. Oh my goodness. Hey. And not only do I not know these words, the chat don't know either. And I hope nobody in the chat is laughing at me because I know y'all not finna see and pretend that y'all know some of the words I'm talking about. 'cause I ain't never heard of the last one. And I definitely don't know how to spell the first one. We did. How about this paradigm? Okay. Paradigm. Oh, P-A-R-A-D-I-G-N No. What? P-A-R-A-D-I-G-M. That's what I just said. Sound like you said N Chad.


What Y'all think I said m Do you see how fast I spelled it? 'cause I know how to spell it. We'll, we'll, we'll run it back. We'll give you that one. How about this one? Let's go Stop playing with me to talk about. Huh? Antidote. Antidote. A-A-A-N-T-I antidote. A-N-A-N-T-I-D-O-T-E antidote. A-N-E-C-D-O-T-E. Antidote. God, Do it man. Jesus. Elucidate what to clarify, explain clearly.


Elucidate, Elucidate, Elucidate. To clarify or explain clearly elucidate El elusive. So elusive. Elusive, elusive is el so elucidate would probably be el as well. US elucidate. IDAT elucidate. E-L-U-C-I-D-A-T-E. Elucidate. So that's not what I just spelled. No.


Hey, hey, hey, Bo. I'm on, I'm on. Can eat this one if you don't get this one. I'm on a bad one. Ab bore to detest strongly dislike. I ab bore you Ab bore. Oh my goodness. A bore. I mean, it, it, it could be a bo like A-B-O-R-A, I mean, my bad. A-B-O-A-R. But it could be A-B-O-R-E. What word are you going with? Or a, a bo. A BOR. Which one of the three is it?


That's, I mean, I didn't go to Harvard. I went to Glenville High School. That's far as To understand. I went to Harvard for one semester. Okay. That should be enough to help spell these words. And I mean, that's when they, they saw my application and knew it was fake and that's when they got thrown out.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You Forgot to save warmer Miss America, by the way. And we've got new podcast. Quiet Please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Melan, Kira and iHeart Women's Sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League, and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters And I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy Line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast. And it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially Linemates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate, I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to Roll. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My name is Brendan Patrick Hughes, host of Divine Intervention. This is a story about radical nuns and combat boots and wild haired priests trading blows with j Edgar Hoover in a hell bent effort to sabotage a war. J Edgar Hoover was furious. Somebody violated the FBI and he wanted to bring the Catholic left to its knees, The FBI went around to all their neighbors and said to them, do you think these people are good Americans? It's got heist tragedy, a trial of the century and the god damnedest love story you've ever heard. I picked up the phone and my thought was, this is the most important phone call I'll ever make in my life. I couldn't believe it. I mean, Brendan, it was Divine Intervention, Intervention. Listen to Divine Intervention on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


So what, what are you going with? Abor. Abor. A BOR ab. B-A-B-O-R-A-B-H-O-R. Abor. Okay, I got it right. No, you didn't. No, I said the ancient silent no Damn mojo. You didn't. Who? Woo. I got. I what? I one for four, One for five. Well, listen, if I, if I played baseball, I'd be a hall of famer. No, actually you wouldn't. That's below the Mendoza line. There you, you gotta be at least 2, 2 50. I could work with you. 300. You in the ballpark.


Okay. Ocho, this is dunk on up. NCAA. Oops. Okay, Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Golly, man. That was, Hey, I, I gotta go back And I gotta study Month of SOS or something, man. 'cause Jesus Christ. Hey Chad, I apologize, Chad, I'm glad this wasn't a life or death situation because y'all would be planning my funeral. My goodness. That was abysmal. That was Horrible. Yeah, that was, that was God. Hey them some crazy words though. Okay, Here we go. Dunk on Unc NCAA hoops Riddle edition. Okay.


He played for the Kentucky Wildcats. He won the 2012 NCAA National Championship known for his elite defense. And shot blocking went number one overall in the Anthony Davis. Well, guy, can I finish? No, I ain't gonna hold you. Okay. You got that one. You got that one. Okay, Here we go. Here we go. He played for the Yukon Huskies. Went four for four in the NCAA championship, 2013 to 2016. Never lost the NCAA tournament game. One of the greatest women's college basketball players ever. Who am I? She, she went four for four. Oh oh.


Stewie, Brianna, Stewart, God dammit. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You two. You two for two. Okay. Okay. You know, You know your stuff, huh? A little bit. Okay, Here we go. Coach for the Duke Blue Devils won five NCAA Championships. 1991. 1992. 2001, 2010. Coach K. Damn. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hey, well you on a roll today? Huh? I'm gonna ask you for the, I'm gonna ask you for the numbers for the lotto after this. Okay? Here we go. Legendary culture. The Tennessee Lady Balls one eight NCAA Summit.


Pat Summit. Actually, her middle name is Pat Head Summit. She married a little guy's. Last name was Summer. Her actual maiden name is Pat Head. Well, you trying to show, did You know the story? She got beat, she got beat in the tournament game and she was about to give birth to her son and they said they wanted to land a plane in Virginia and she say, nah, I'm not having my son in Virginia. Hey boy. You showing off tonight in front of the company? Huh? Okay. Okay, Here we go. Here we go. Lemme put my glasses back on. He played for the blue Duke.


He played for the Duke Blue Devils scored 41 points in the 1992 Elite eight game versus Kentucky. He was perfect from the floor. Christian Laettner. He didn't miss a single shot or a free throw. He hit the buzzer beater. Yep. Remember like yesterday caught the pass from Grand Hill at the top of the key turned around Bam. Ball game. You remember that game? Mocho. Oh hey man. Come on man. Hell nah. Okay, Here we go. Last one. Alright. You ain't gonna get this one played for the Iowa Hawkeyes known for the triple doubles and record breaking performances. One of the top scores in NCAA history.


Revolutionize women's basketball. Nah. Can but Clark Gocho. Hey, I wanna know who briefed you before this. I thought you were gonna gimme like, well who won the 1975 National Championship in the men? Who did I I thought you were gonna ask me something like that. Who won a na Who won a national championship in 1975? For the men? Yeah. I think NC State because 76 was Indiana. 77 was Marquette, 78 was Kentucky. 79 was Michigan State.


80 was Louisville. 81 was Indiana again. 82 was Michael George. Year 83 was NC State. 84 was Georgetown. God damn. 75 UUCA one. Yeah. So when did David Thompson win 74? Hey, I, I got, I got a problem. We, we got, we got a whole court, especially with the Chad. The check we got, we all got hold court. There's a, there's a small discrepancy. Yeah. And the level of difficulty in my questions when it's time to spell and the questions that you get on dunk on them.


I thought you was going to ask me some, like some NCA stuff Like, You know who won the 96 National Championship Right. Or tell me, ask me something about she swoops. Right. Lynette Woodard. Right. I mean you can't ask me something about Coach K. Right. Okay. Don't worry about it. I got listen next time I got you. I got you. I'm gonna take the de the degree of difficulty. Yes. To the maximum the way you do with my words. Yeah. Ask me where Oscar Robinson played or something like that. Right. Okay. You know, Jerry West played Ohio State.


So don't ask me that Now. You played at West Virginia? No. He played Ohio State, didn't he? I was there, me and Jerry. Me and Jerry had No, Jerry might been west. Jerry Lucas played Ohio State. Damn boy. I, ooh, I had a bad night tonight, bro. Yeah, West Virginia with Jerry. 'cause that's where he from. Jerry Lucas. Oh, I had a bad night, Chad. I apologize. Oh, you did? Ojo. Alright. OI Apologize. Now it's time for q and a. Ooh, that was bad. Goy Aren. Owen says, what would be more awkward if UNC had a beard or if Ocho had a head full of hair?


I mean, I can grow a head full of hair so it wouldn't be awkward because there are many pictures with me with a head full of hair And I can still grow. That was a long time ago. No, wasn't you want me to grow my house just to prove it? Okay. How you think I look with a beard? Ocho Hey, I think you, You know they, you should get one of one of the units. Get a unit. No, No. You see how it look? Huh? You know, get your little unit. I can grow. Excuse me? I could grow a beard. So why don't you grow it out? Do something different. Why do something different for the ladies? Oh Joe, Just try it. Just try it.


Think about it. Try it ain't gonna hurt you. You people have only seen me with one way, the same haircut with the same part. No facial hair, no earrings, no tattoos, no piercings. Right. I'm gonna wait till I get 57 and get into a midlife crisis. Huh. And not a midlife crisis. Why Don't I just go in and buy a Porsche? You know they can call you. Be complete. They can call you the silver fox. Get you a gray beard. Let it grow in. Let it be great, You know? Yeah, that'd be nice. No cupcake. Ocho. I think Ocho with a head full of hair. I ain. 'cause it gonna look like, it's gonna look like he one of 'em 70 movies when they got the wigs on.


What That movie with Don Cheadle had that wig on. I forgot, I forgot what movie that was. Cupcake mama. Good evening. What NFL rule you guys would change right now? The shoot the I, huh? I would change the rule. I want football to be football again. I understand player safety and all that, but it's just not the same. It's just, it's just not the same. I, I just want, I want football to be played again like it did in the early two thousands. That's all that, that, that's, that's in, that's the only rule. I think one of the dumbest rules is that a, a running back can't lower his head.


It makes no sense. That's how you run the ball. That's how you protect yourself as a Mac. Exactly. I I'm not, man, you see my, my point. Alright, o Alright, Ocho, here's the question. NFL matchup highlights. What? What's up Unc Ocho, I know UNC was a tight end. Did you ever line up against Dion? No. Also, if you and Ocho lineup against Dion five times each, which one of you guys would catch more balls on Dion? Listen, Dion couldn't cover me. Me, Dionne couldn't cover me in in elementary. He couldn't come me in junior high. He couldn't come me in college and he couldn't cover me in the pros. He can't come me now.


So that's the answer your question. Nah, He ain't got but three toes. Now Listen. Three toes, two toes, licks and fire Isaiah. Lancaster. What's good Unin ocho what are your thoughts on Stephen a said he can see Jamar Chase being in the conversation of the top three all time receiver at the end of his career in combos with Rice Moss and to Absolutely. It's all about consistency. It's all about consistency and being healthy and staying on the field with a quarterback like Joe Burrow, who's going to be able to get him the ball at Will offensively. They put, they put Chase in positions to be able to make the plays Woody can do, would run after the catch on shortening intermediate routes and turning a 10 or a damn drag into a 80 R touchdown.


Absolutely. That's possible. It's all about staying healthy and being consistent year in and year out. Yep. Absolutely. That should be its goal. Pat w said Ocho, you should try hooking up with unc with a good praying Haitian woman. One thing I know about our praying Haitian women, they're great partners. Oh yeah. Matter of fact. Yeah. Hey, UNC, I got you. I got you. No, listen. Hey, IN woman teach you right? You hear me? Ain't gonna help me on my knees asking my arms what's wrong with me? Oh no. Oh, what, what, what that mean? Huh?


Have you out there looking forward in broad daylight with a flashlight? Yes. Yes, sir. Oh no, you do. Hey, Ms. Rudolph might you up. Hey, You know Richard Brown talking about Ms. Rudolph? Yeah. Okay. All right. That means that might be what you need though. No doubt ain't what I need. Hey, it don't hurt to try Jcas. We ain't rocking with you no more. Chad, I tell you on St. John's going, going, going far. Get it together. 85, I tell you on St. John's. What's that Ocho You talking about St. John lost. Oh, you just, oh, why y'all listen to ocho?


I mean listen, I, I I was just, I was, I was just throwing that out there on the whim. Small 40. I wish South Carolina would have a major league sports here. We turned down the Panthers in 94. Hell, we turned down Walt Disney in the 60. Do our governor's local Fisher do not want anything here. Yeah. Hey, Dr. Frankie Hell Bellamy. Hey fm, have you ever heard of the Asher House? It's an animal sanctuary in Salem, Oregon, founded by a guy named Lee Asher. He rescues unwanted and discarded animals and give them a full life of love. He reminds me of you. You love your animals.


I actually do. I've heard of it. I do. That's what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna retire one day. Not anytime soon. I just want, I'm want too many goats. Too many cows. Four dogs and a raccoon. I'll be straight. You know what? I wanna retire one day and when I retire, I wanna purchase Tennessee. I wanna purchase Shahid Khan's yacht. I wanna take it over No damn yacht.


And I want to, I'm gonna travel to the south of France by water. That's what I wanna do. No, I'm gonna manifest that. I'm going to get Sha Shahe Khan. That's how you say Shahad. Shahid Shad Conn the owner of the Jackson, but Jack Sha. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Shad. Okay. That's his name. Shad. Yeah. Okay. Well I want his yacht. I know he gonna see this. Mr. Kahan, if I could borrow a yacht just for a weekend in Miami, You can't afford the gas to put in it.


That's why I said, Morrow. Hey you, why you gotta put gas in it when you, why somebody call? You can't return it. Oe. It's already gassed. It's gonna already be fueled up. That's why I said borrow. He understands my, he understands the position I'm in. He wouldn't, he wouldn't put that on my plate. Mr. Kahn, if you happen to see this one weekend, can I please borrow your yacht? I just wanna listen to jazz music. A little Sinatra. Kick my feet up. Smoke a cigar. Private chef. That's all I'm asking for. Kemper Norwood Jr. Oh, can I get a birthday? Shout out for my dad. Kemper Sr. It was his birthday yesterday. Kemper, you actually can, Mr.


Norwood Sr. Happy birthday. Hopefully you had a great day. Hopefully your son did something in special for you. You went out and got a nice bout to eat. Hung out with the kids, the grandkids. Thank you for watching Kemper, we appreciate you watching. Also. Happy bro. Happy been here from day one. Happy birthday. Thank you. Happy birthday Mr. Senior j Dell from Akron. Oh, I just saw the Derrick Thomas documentary the other day. What did you say? To make him get all those penalties in one game. On one drive. Slips. My recollection, Derrick 3 1 5. Oh, UNC Ocho. My wife Danielle And I are celebrating our 29th anniversary. Would love, would be special if you would give us a shout out.


I wish the best for both of you, Derrick man. 29 years almost to the big 3.0. Yeah, I know. Hey man, that's, that's amazing to when you see couples, You know OCHO because it ain't been, it ain't been smooth sailing all 29 years. No, No. When one was weak, the other had to be strong. Yeah. When one was sad, the other one had to cheer the other one up. So Derrick and Danielle, congratulations. Happy the 29th wedding anniversary. Happy and hopefully ninth and hopefully we get another 29 outta you guys. Congratulations. Job well done. But it's not over yet. And it's a beautiful thing.


I saying. Yeah. Astro Rocket. Texas said Ocho, how are your questions that are safe next time? Oh, I beat Ocho, but y'all not surprised by that. It's all good. I've had better days. Next time tomorrow, I guess we're gonna have to send you another hat. Yeah, man, I ain't, I ain't listening. I ain't even think it's all good.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today.


I'm your favorite, uncle Sharp. Number 85, the Liberty City legend, the bingo ring of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl of the A All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for tuning in five nights a week, four nights a week, three nights a week. Come hell or high water, we know we can always count on your support. Thank you for your continued support. Make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock And I wanna thank all the cities that we visited over the last two weeks. Thank you for showing up. Thank you for your support and thank you for your continued support.


We do have it in stock and if you can't find it any city or state near you, order it. We will ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Make sure you follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. That concludes Nightcap. We'll see you tomorrow night. Manana. The Volume


Famous smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939. With the best prices on the best cigars. Need a smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to famous smoke.com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to famous smoke.com. Use code Nightcap under age sale, prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


Time is precious and so are our pets. So time with our pets is extra precious. That's why we started Dutch. Dutch provides 24 7 access to licensed vets with unlimited virtual visits and follow-ups for up to five pets. You can message a vet at any time and schedule a video visit the same day. Our vets can even prescribe medication for many ailments. And shipping is always free. With Dutch, you'll get more time with your pets and year-round peace of mind when it comes to their vet care.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the Morning. You write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and right at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Tickets are on sale now y'all for our 2025 iHeart Country Festival presented by Capital One happening Saturday, May 3rd at the Moody Center in Austin, Texas. Don't miss your chance to see Brooks and Dun Boogie Thomas Red Rascal, flex Cole. Swindell, Sam Hut, Megan Maroney, Bailey Zimmerman. Nate Smith. Tickets are on sale now at ticketmaster.com.