
If you love iPhone, you'll ll love Apple. Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs, Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more at Apple card.com.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different Vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're re in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


The time for holiday hosting is upon us, so make your second bathroom second to none. With Home Depot dot com's. Best savings of the season right now. Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest entre styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices, That will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online bath Plus free delivery at The Home Depot. Subject to availability. See Home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video this Thursday. It's a Sean Peyton Homecoming as his Denver Broncos take on his former team. The New Orleans Saints Join, Al, Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kayleigh Hartung for a game you don't want to miss. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight live from New Orleans Not a Prime member Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and You can cancel it anytime. It's the Broncos and Saints 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for detailss.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It Can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software. That can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We. Don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns? And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to Odoo your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us That. Very, very exciting Game That just ended. Kansas State comes back the number 18 ranked Kansas State Wildcat comes back, take down the Colorado Buffalo's 31 28. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Onk Shannon. Sharpe. He is your favorite number 85 Liberty City is on Cincinnati. Bingo. Great pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson You can just call him O ocho That me. Please make sure you hit That subscribe button Please make sure you hit That like button and Odoo us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast Feed wherever you get your podcast from. re moment every subscriber counts, matters.


And We, thank you for mattering. Because of you, we've been able to become who We are. Please make sure you go check out Shaa by Laport. Hopefully by the end of the year we're being between 14 and 16 states. If we're not currently in a state or city near you, We have It in stock. You can order online and the it will come right to your home. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The on and ocho ts are back in stock. I repeat the on and ocho ts are back in stock and people have been texting us, tweeting us, DMing us That. They have begun receiving their orders at the end of last week.


Thank you guys. We, greatly appreciate your support and We even more. Appreciate your patience. So thank you again. Please go vote for us, for us on the Signal Awards. Nightcap is nominated for Best Live podcast recording. We're currently in second place and the best co-host team will still currently in second place. Voting is open through October the 17th. Just like the Webbys, you have to create an account and verify your email Again in order to vote, you have to create an account and verify it with your email club. Shehe is also nominated for popular culture and variety Show Best Athletes Shaping Culture show and the best individual episode.


Best guest, Kat Williams. We, thank you for your support. We, thank you for voting and We. Thank you We. Thank you We. Thank you Ocho. As I mentioned at the top, can the Kansas State Wildcats go into Boulder, Colorado and come away with a victory? 38, 21 Colorado down for much of the ball game can found a way to take the lead late in the ball game. And when They needed their defensive, get a stop. Ocho They couldn't get it. can as Kansas State go in, get a very tough, hard fought victory. 31 28. Tell me What you saw What you liked and What you didn't like. Man, listen. Well, What I didn't like is them being at a disadvantage. Colorado not having Brother Horn, not having Travis Hunter.


I think it put It put them behind The They lost their two, their three top receivers all went down, Can all all all three of 'em. All three of 'em being, being gone and being behind the eight ball so early in the game and still being able to be in it towards the end. Obviously as far as defense. Defense is concerned, not being able to get a stop when it was needed most. But I think still having three of your top receivers down, this is a testament That, the fact That They, were even still in the game to Shado Sanders and some of the, some of the defensive series That They did have to keep them in the game. can So towards the end, They were even in the game to begin with because if this was Colorado of old, you know, the game would've been over a long time ago.


So listen, I'm I'm not really trying to say it's a good thing That They did lose, but I Odoo see the Improvement. Can I see the proof in the pudding and, and them getting better and still being able to compete without some of the top dogs even in the loss. I saw some Ocho They couldn't stop the run in the first three quarters. can They did a better JLab late in the ball game, late can in the quarter can, I think They had 11, 12, 13 yards. OCHO can, you can't let a team run the ball like That on. You can, I don't care. What level of football you play can. If you can't stop the run, you can't win. can You can, You can.


And again, another thing, That, I saw OCHO at early on. They were bringing pressure to get to can Shado late the ball game That was just four man pressure. That was just four guys Can They weren't even bringing extra man early in the game. They were bringing extra man. It was hard to Odoo They were bringing the extra guy can. And then I think, you know, you know What happened now, you know, as the game goes, you get to the, you get to those, those late quarters now you know them boys get tired now. And Plus You can get tired. You get Lackda, you get lackadaisical. Your your, your technique. You know, it, it It Squams a little bit. But I mean, listen. And They almost almost had it, you know, kudos to the Oregon State. I'm, I'm about Oregon State kudo. I don't know why I'm thinking I'm a goddamn alma mater.


Kudos the, the Kansas State. I mean It, it was a good game. And then the fact That, it was, it was the game was this late. I think it was perfect. 'cause if it had, if It had been a blowout, I think everybody would've been pissed. can I was pissed. I'm I'm up past by the goddamn bedtime. But it was a very exciting game. I enjoyed It despite them losing, it was good. I'm mad. All I'm mad. All the the top three offensive weapons went out. Can, but I, I still think I I I think They played well enough. They had a league because re moment They went up. They went in front. 28 to 24 can, so That ain't got nothing to Odoo with offensive weapons. So you got the lead You can right now. That comes down to your defense. Can I say something? can even though a come thing of defense, think about the points.


That would've been on the board if you did have those weapons. Think about if Travis Hunter was There for That last series where They were where They threw That ball. What Odoo you think would happen. Can I Mean, and he and he, I'm just saying, I I'm thinking about the What ifs. If They were playing or if Travis Hunter was in, I think it might be a 14 point difference or a swing as opposed to it being 28 24 And you, you go away with That win because That might be interception on That throw That brother ab threw Can That. That's probably, that's probably a Trav side Can Well it was, that's What was taking trash place Can, I mean you can up There and press coverage and you open the gate. can, I mean, why, why, why, why get I press coverage if you're not gonna put hands on?


People can And that's What. You can There for can. If you're not gonna press back off. Can You, can you put yourself in a decided disadvantage if you would land up in press coverage? Because think about it, Ocho, you got a backpedal, can you open the gate? You get a guy free release Can Hey un unless you, unless you, unless you fast. Unless you fast is all outdoors, you gotta put your hands on him. And, but like I said, I mean I saw some things That, I'm JLab They able to get That corrected. That rush defense. Right? But then the pressure, and so you started to see as the game started to wane to go on Ocho K State felt They didn't need to bring pressure.


Right? But They just were just four men. And They did a lot of ETS and tes. So, which I mean end tackle, twist tackle, end twist can. And it was confusing the offensive lineman because They were staying too long. Normally when you see it coming, you shove the guy onto the tackle, you shov him onto the guard, and then you wait to catch the other guy that's coming around. Right? And it seems like They They did, They caused a lot of problems. But should Odoo a ran self into a couple of problems also Ocho, because They had a twist one time late in the game. He, he, he thought he You spin up out of it. But bro, you spun right into the, where the back blocked Him. Right? He run right into the twist can, Right into where the back, the guy blocked him. Look, I know people are gonna say, man, That last played, you gotta live with it What because, you know, he, he likes to push the ball down the field, the, on the fourth downplay.


Right, right, right. Where people thought he should have been. You know, I'm sure people are thinking it should have been a passing appear. I wouldn't have been on, say They probably said, well, he probably couldn't catch the ball. How many times you seen somebody make a catch You can, like, I don't know how he caught That, right? So you don't get to determine what's a catchable ball or not because you don't know What a guy's capable of doing. If They threw the flag, would I been upset? Like, oh, I don't, I don't think that's a pi, but They didn't. So ain't no sense enough. You know, can belaboring a a point now Ocho the game is over. I just wish the C'S defense You have got That stop. Right? There can can, because I think That win would've done a lot because you went on the road, you beat UCF, and now you come home and you be the ranked Kansas State team.


So That would've been a situation where You can consolidate two quality wins. Right now, obviously us UCF has falling on hard times, but to string together, that's What. They need to Odoo ocho They need together to string together a couple of quality wins to give them some confidence. But, you know, give Kansas State credit. They didn't panic. They, were in control of this ball game for pretty much the entirety of the ball game. Mo Motel can the guy, the guy, the quarterback, throws a pick and gets a run back. Hell, I thought he was gonna run it back. He kind of tripped over his own guy. But Lucky Shaul was able to get the ball into the end zone. But for the most part, and then That last drive, he made big throw after big throw after big throw.


So give the guys credit. They found a way to win the ball game. If that's What, you have to Odoo when you're on the road. Who, who, who does Colorado have next? You, you, you talk about They need to string together some wins. Is There a possibility? That They can string together someone based on the schedule so far. Or, or, or you think it's gonna be difficult or every Game they're at, they're at Arizona. They're at Arizona. Arizona comes to them. They're at Arizona next week. Okay, that's a good, that's a, that's a good one. can That's, that's, that's winnable. It is the number three. Oregon ducks hit a 19 yard field goal. We just done a two minutes remaining. And hold on to beat the number two. Ohio State Buckeyes lined up at the Ducks 36 yard line with six minutes left.


The Buckeyes final snap ended when quarterback will Howard scrambled up the medal. How was 28 or 35? 3 26 and three touchdowns, one on the ground. Dylan Gabriel had one of his best starts of his career hitting 23 or 34 passes, 341 yards, three touchdowns of his own. The two teams combined for 963 yards of total offense. Ojo? Yes, sir. What is with these quarterbacks. Man, I I don't think he was thinking about the situation. Oh, Okay. What Situation, situa situ situational awareness should have kicked in long before That to know you can't Odoo That in That scenario, bro.


We just talked about this two weeks ago, about a guy running out of bounds. He wouldn't even throw the ball in the end. The guy from Tennessee Can give gimme, he Ran outta bounds. Ocho can this guy slides for What. You Odoo realize you don't have the first down can. There's only like seven seconds on the clock when you snap It, right? And you, let's get to the ball game. A very exciting ball game. good. A back and forth ball game. I mean, this is What. You expect to see when two and three meet. You don't want, I don't want me personally, I don't want to see the second rank team blow out the, the number three team. And I don't wanna see the number three team blow out the number two team, right?


I wanted to come down to the wire just like this. This is What. I wanna see when I see when I watch What supposedly be two of the best teams in the country can lock horns, can. This is What. I wanna see Ocho. can I say when I, when I first watched it, honestly, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just gonna be honest with you. I thought Ohio State was gonna dominate. I thought They were going to dominate the game strictly from a receiver standpoint with the receivers They have and the quarterback They have, I thought They were going gonna go in There and just, and just run up and down the field. All Willy-nilly. But It wasn't none, it wasn't nothing like That. It wasn't none can, it was nothing like That organs. Defense surprised me, especially the, the front interior and the DBS played very well.


Obviously There were some balls caught, but I didn't see the receivers from Ohio State just go crazy. Like They normally Odoo against everybody else. Jeremiah Smith had had somewhat of a good game. He's, he's a a, a man amongst men, even though he's, he's a freshman other than That. I mean, It, it was a, It was a good, It was a really, really good game. Like you said, a good matchup between two and three. I just thought it was gonna be lopsided. And Oregon Organ came to play some goddamn ball. Boy, They really did ocho. These are the type of games. That, Oregon normally lose They play a bigger physical team can with big guys up front. That dominate Bose. The offense and defensive line can, these are the games That Oregon normally lose, right?


But if you look at 'em, They ran the ball. 31 rushes 155 yards. They threw the ball at 23. Completions 341 yards. That lets me know That like, okay, They came to play today. There's like, We gotta make a stand. And They got, because you know, teams like Ohio State, Michigan, They like to play bully ball. Oh can. And a lot of times Oregon doesn't get the type of offense and defensive lineman Lineman, right? To be able to, to compete That the, the SEC teams in the Big 10. You talk about Michigan and You can talking about Ohio State get, but today They put on their big boy pad. Oh, can They put on their big boy pants and They play Big boy football and They match the intensity.


That We normally see, because when We think of Pac 12 teams, although Oregon is in the pa, is is in the Big 10. Now We think finesse Can, Can They play physical football today? They buckle it up. They They, They They They fastened his chin straps and They came to play today. Ocho Exactly. They played. They played today. And We don't normally see, I've watched Oregon get in big games like this. And They normally went to bed. can They did not lay down today. They came to play and it's like, we're not, we're not leaving this field without a victory. can That That defensive Lion played very, very well. I'm not sure how to pronounce his last name the right way, but he wear, I think it was number 10.


I think it's number 10 for Oregon. He either a d tackle was the DN or he played one hell of a goddamn game. Boy, he played one can. I don't wanna say, I don't wanna say a name wrong because I don't, I don't wanna be disrespectful, but Young Bull, if you see this boy, you the real deal bro. I think you, I think You For more too. Oh, can, but see, that's a lot of guys. That's What. They get a lot of America, Sam more They. Get a lot of Hawaiians, you know, They get a lot of That some more. Those big pen s Can Big, the holo na and those guys like They, They get They, get guys like That. Right? Right. And so normally They don't have enough of them. It's Not a problem. They don't They get one or two.


They need 3, 4, 5 or six of them can. But can They play the way They play today? The way They ran the football today. Ja, James had 23 for one 15. E Stewart had seven for a buck 49. And Dylan Gabriel, you see he jumped in the port. He was at Oklahoma last year. Ocho can, he came here. They Hey They gave him the bag can. And this What, that's why teams are paying seven 50 to a million dollars for a top flight quarterback. Because that's the difference. And you know what's s good, you know, would've been the head storyline. What That if the ducks would've lost holding, getting ejected for spitting at the, for spitting at the OSU quarterback Ocho, what's going on with Ocho What? When did this, when did this happen? What, What F Did I go?


I mean he, he lost. He just lost, lost, lost, lost his temperament. Lost his temperament. A little bit. A little bit. Especially in the game. You can't, You can Odoo That. You can't hurt the team. You can't hurt yourself. Like That for one. No, He, he can't hurt Down the yourself. For one, I'd hurt it. He wouldn't have hurt the team. I'd have hurt him Can, I don't Think I just grew up, I just grew up at a different time. Right? People would've beat you within an inch of your life for spit on them. can Odoo you understand how disrespectful That is? Hold On. You can talking about when you, in your time, They would still beat you within an Your life. Okay, I'm just making, I'm just making sure can I'm, I'm, I'm confused though because Ocho I I'm starting You can starting to see an uptick Right Of, of, of incidences like this can so That They think it's cool?


No, Man. No, No. I, I don't think They think it's cool. I think They don't, They don't fear the consequences of doing so. You know, I maybe not in a football game. I'm just saying in general, in life in general, you know, during this era, especially social media area where everything is recorded, everything is for somewhat of a attention. But you know, in this instance, he, he needs to learn from this. You, you, you can't Odoo it. You won't be able to Odoo it at the next level. He will play on Sundays. But this is just something him and his coach will be able to talk about. He'll look back and wish he hadn't have done it.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Koi is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Ow. And our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on What. It all means for the future of our country watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C


Hey. What's up? I'm Jared Goff, quarterback for the Detroit Lions Abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And if you haven't shopped There recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start. First. Abercrombie's denim qualities unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jean, it's really in right now. And the athletic Fitch has extra room in the thigh. I need make sure to hit up Abercrombie Essentials collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing That, so you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see What. Everyone's talking about


The holidays are here. And The Home Depot has everything you need to stay connected with smart home upgrades. Whether you're keeping an eye out for the big guy, ho, Ho, Ho or keeping an eye on your family. The Home Depot has you covered with great tech like the Ring Indoor Camera two pack with advanced motion detection, two-Way talk and Color Night Vision Plus. Get your smart home devices the smart way with free delivery. Get holiday ready with seasonal savings happening now at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability. See Home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


What's s good Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds to Have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear, just like a dream For more. Check out Bose Odoo com


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade This podcast. We got a great episode coming up, picks in all the sports, football, basketball, We, Odoo 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode, and I'm supposed to really care whether or not Camera Rising plays well, here's a big difference. All right, and what's the spread? Utah is a six point favorite. Okay? So they're so teams are four and one. They're going to Tempe. It's Friday night, Billy Friday night. Weird Things happen. Tim Scottsdale most beautiful people on, on the planet. At least on the women. I don't, I haven't looked seen the guys. I don't think there's gonna be a lot of people at this game. 'cause they're gonna be like We are in, we're in like the most beautiful people place.


Why am I watching to see if Camera Rising plays can or Not? can They have camera rising exhaustion too? Can They? They're they're tired of it. They want other things to rise? So, oh, There. It is There. So I think that's gonna play into Utah's hand. Okay? They're gonna rise into Utah. And Arizona State is not going to have people There. So I'm going to go Utah Coverage six. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade This on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast They Need somebody to look They need to get their ass beat.


Ain't nothing, ain't nothing, nothing. See, whipping somebody's ass. It jars their memory. Oh, I ain't supposed to spit on something, bro. Odoo, you know how disrespectful That is? Ocho can, can to spit on somebody. I don't think, I don't think people understand how disrespectful it is. It's viewed and seen as opposed back then when We were growing up. I, I wonder if if They still view it as as Nah, bad as They, Odoo, They. Don't They don't look at it because I I You honestly say Ocho can, in my time with the, the That incident with the, with Romo, he was a teammate of mine. That been on JJ Stoke. I'd never seen That happen before in a, in a game. In a little league game, right? In a, in Savannah state.


Like I said, I don't, man, I You have just imagined, bro. I'm talking about somebody. They They will hurt. You can Can. And these kids now They think it's so cool and What was Shannon. You know, a emotions, nah, emotions, emotion. Gonna get somebody effed up. That's What emotions gonna get somebody, man, y'all stop this foolishness can, okay, somebody beat you, somebody scored a touchdown on you, somebody duke, you outta your shoes. Somebody blocked you, bro. Stop That man. You going get hurt. You gonna catch the right person on the wrong day. And oh, and I'm sorry, ain't gonna help your ass, right man, y'all stop this kid. Y'all need to stop this.


Y'all need to, first of all, you need to learn some respect because I don't know who taught y'all. That's Rule Man Party and Barney Boy didn't play That Bull. That's fitting. Oh hell no. Can Man, please. I just, I was thinking to myself, I said, man, What is What Odoo. These What are these, these kids. What are They thinking when Odoo, They, They think That was cool. Can I don't, I don't think They think it's cool, but time are different. Oh, time, time times is different. Kids are moving different, the the, the music is different. I mean, ev everything is different as opposed to how it was obviously, you know, when, when We grew up, it's, it's, it's just different in general. Can I?


But it just goes to show you because certain things you wouldn't even attempt. Oh no, nah, back then. Absolutely man. No, Boy, boy. It took an act of God and 10,000 soldiers to get me off his ass. Don't They, don't Odoo. That man. That is the That is the That is one of the most disrespectful acts. That, You can Odoo with to Odoo. You can Odoo to someone. Hold On. It would've to who? An ag and 10,000 soldiers. That's a good one. You. can you just think about, I want you think about it, you mad at somebody and You can like, Nah, That ain't What.


I That ain't What. I'm thinking if I get mad at you, I'm not thinking That, I'm not thinking about spinning on somebody. Because if you were to spit on somebody, whatever happens to you after That can, I ain't got Not problem with it. Right? Right, right, right, right. There's consequences. That's Why that's how I operate. Whatever, whatever, whatever happens to you after said act, I rock with oh boy, right? No matter What, No matter What, right man, That was excessive. So was your act. Y'all need to stop this. Y'all need to stop this Can, that's a na that's a nasty one.


That. Boy, that's a nasty one. But That thing can That, like I said, I like I said Ocho, I think the mindset because things That like calling somebody, like calling somebody the B word. What. Growing up, my grandfather did two things. Boy don't you spit on somebody can and don't you kick somebody because he was big. He said, boy, your feet made for walking. Can, can he, He say, son, you wouldn't even kick a dog. So you put your feet on somebody. You telling them they're a dog or worse, No.


Right? He didn't play That. If you want, if you wanted to get your ass to up, let somebody come in the house and say That, oh Shannon, kick me or kick Lord. Even, even even playing around Ocho, no That man did not play That Can. He was very, very big on respect. He demanded it. So he said, look, you don't kick people, you don't spit on people. Right? And you above all this, you keep your hands to yourself Can. Right? That's how he was. He preached That to us.


He told his daughters Hey, don't you hit no man? He said, because if you hit a man, a man going to forget That. You can female. Because he said you trying to challenge him. He said, you acting like a man. He gonna treat you like one. Now a man hits you. You come tell you, come tell me and I deal with him. Or your brothers will deal with him. Right? Learn That very own. I ain't putting my hands on nobody daughters. 'cause I got daughters. I ain't gonna gonna put my hands. I don't, I don't spit on nobody. I ain't never, ain't nobody gonna ever tell you will ever tell you Shannon. Sharpe kicked him. Well, I did kick, tried to kick Winston Bose. I tried to kick him in the, tried to kick him to heaven because he, he got a bad, I caught a pass.


Ocho, he got up, man, you know how you get up off the ground. Ocho can, this ninja got up off the ground, went on my helmet. Oh, he pushing off of you to get up On my helmet with my head on. Yes. Hold on with your head on the floor. Can my head was on the yes man, I try. I, boy I tried to kick him so hard, but man, these kids They just who it's a different time. Mocho can, I'm JLab. I done got on. I'm JLab I done got on out the way. I done JLab. I done got on up out the way. Woo. Alabama survives against the Carolina game.


Cox 27, 25, Alabama made a lot of, made a late defensive stance and held off the game. Cox 27 25 There were several signs of concern, including who Up 14 Carolina scored 19 straight, the Bureau Washington, but has not translated well to the physic physicality and style of playing the SEC Can, Excuse me, but beating the game card keeps the tide alive in the SEC championship and a playoff birth. Listen, the Alabama That, I'm used to watching when I am watching college football or I have the opportunity to watch Alabama. It is missing That mystique, That aura, That That utter domination on Bose sides of the ball.


Not only in the interior and the secondary as well. When I look at Alabama, I normally see players That are gonna play on Sundays. Not just any player. I about players. That are gonna be superstars players. That can change the dynamic and a trajectory of a franchise in the NFLI. I just don't, I don't, I don't, I don't see That right now. I I don't see That right now. And a team like Alabama shouldn't be struggling like this. I'm not saying the opponents to play the, the opponents That they're playing in the schools. That they're playing are inferior. I'm just saying I think other schools have caught up in Terms, What having the same type of talent. everything That, the how Odoo you say it, the even field, the the the playing field has even it is even tremendously.


But They just can't dominate. Like They once did, Can They can't, They can't run the football. Jaylen Monroe has to understand Ocho. He doesn't have a defense that's s good enough to, to overcome the turnovers, the Mistakes can another, Can he had another two turnover today. That put them in harm's way. I mean he was 16 or 23 for 2 0 9 a touchdown. But he had two turnovers. Not good can he had 18 rushes for 36 yards, two touchdowns. But They can't, They can't run the football. Ocho can 38 carriers 104 yards. You can. That's not Alabama. You know, What, They can Odoo What They You drop back and throw the ball to Ryan Williams every play.


Well, That would be good if They You protect them every play, which They can't, Can You can. Right. You can, right. That's the problem. Wouldn't have They gave up. 2, 3, 4. They gave up four sacks. Nine tackle for losses. That's the quickest way to get your beat. O Joe can, but look, South Carolina is better than you think can re moment They went to the last play of the game. They had LSU on the ropes. LSU just beat number nine. What ole miss Ole miss can So Carolina's a little better than their, you know, their record is three and three. But They You have easily beat won this game. can and They You have can easily beaten LSU.


But this is not the Alabama League. We, We saw some things. That We That caused us cause for pause, even in a win against Georgia They were up What 30 to seven can, and Georgia ends up coming all the way back and taking the lead if only for, you know, one po one plate, right? Because the next They took the lead. And the next day, you know, They come, Alabama comes out the next possession and 75 yard strike to Ryan Williams. But can, this is not the Alabama we're used to seeing the physicality on Bose sides of the line offense and defensive line They don't dominate consistently like we're used to seeing. Right?


I think the left tackle is really good. I think Proctor, I think that's the, the left tackle That, he's probably gonna be a high draft pick Ocho, but it's not What we're used to seeing. And you playing the SEC bro, can you, you got to a, you got to be physical Very, You gotta be physical very, you got to be physical. Ain't no way That finesse. No, bro. You got to be physical. You can have some razzle dazzle, but you better have Hey. But you better have them boys on That offensive defensive line can That You move That You move some people. And right now they're not doing That on a consistent enough basis. They're, they're five in one They still have a, a a, a chance to get to the SEC championship for birth in college football playoffs.


But They got a tough test to get next week. They're on the road in Knoxville. We Hey. Boy, that's gonna be a good one. So this one of those games like We talked about last week or maybe it was it week before last. About the atmosphere. Yes. Oh, can, so it's gonna be one of those. Oh, rock Talk gonna be Rocky can Oh, can You can they'll have a hundred thousand in That Easy. Oh, for sure. Absolute Alabama. Oh can, That's gonna be a good one. Oh can Oh can number 13 LSU rallies to beat number nine ole Miss 29 26 in overtime. Nuss Meyer threw a big game time touchdown pass Aaron Anderson in the final seconds of Revelation and hit Kyron Lacey for 25 scoring strike on the first of L overtime completing the stunning comeback victory over number nine.


Mississippi LSU Look That first game. We We, you know Brian Kelly, you know, blamed everybody except Brian Kelly. Right? But They and they've been kinda living on the edge the last couple of weeks. But the mark of a team, good team is find ways to win. And that's What. They've been able to Odoo the last couple of weeks. So, so They keep finding ways to win. Find Ways to win. can 22 or 51 3 touchdown for NUS Meyer. He did have the, the two interceptions. But Ole Miss should, should have won this game. They should have put this game away. But They, keep the ocho, you know, What happens. Let a team hang around long enough, long enough and they'll find a way to beat you.


Give 'em too much confidence. Yep. Had two receivers over a hundred yards. Lee had nine foot buck 32. Harris had seven foot 1 0 2. But like I said, you left 'em around long enough and had 84 total plays. 84 total plays. Well, LSU passed the ball. 22 or 51, 3 37, 3 touchdowns, two inceptions. But you know, give LSU credit look, They got talent. Oh, can They got That. They got talent. They gotta find a way to put It all together though. can, can, if They find a way to put it all together like That, let's let's say That 2019 LSU. Now, I don't think They had That kind of talent.


Oh no. They 2019. Not like That. There Didn't whole. A lot of college teams OCHO had That kind of talent in the history. You gotta go back, you gotta, no, you gotta go back to Miami. Miami, Miami team Miami can, can, can. When They had Aaron Reed can you gotta go back to That USC team. When They had Ronnie lot and They had Marcus s Allen and They had, you know, who else was on That team? Dennis Smith. You know They had Lynn Kane, They had all those guys on That team. You gotta go back to find teams like That before you, the old Miami when They had Danny Stubbs and Jerome Brown and Tesa Verde can and High Smith and, and and Irving them had all those guys can They had a whole lot of teams, had That kind, especially offensive talent can now offensive talent.


You can, talking about a number one overall quarterback, top five wide receiver, a top 20 wide receiver in Jefferson. You had who else? Clyde, Edward, the Chase can, who else was on That? What was the, the guy he, I think he ended up going to Carolina. So They had, you know, They had three receivers drafted two in the first round. Your quarterback goes number one of all your running back goes in the first round. You had the best offensive line in football. No, There hadn't been a whole lot of teams. Right now. LSU don't have That kind of talent. Hell no. Not even close. Not even close. Hell no. But They They, They got more talent than you think They got.


Can. Wow. Somebody had 18, had eight, had What, 18 total tackles 10 solo. Wow. Very Zach tackle for loss. Hey We, We. Go ahead. No, I was, I'm getting ready to talk about another game, but I don't think We We didn't get to it yet. I I'll wait till you We. I'll wait till We get There It. Oh, okay. We got, okay. It wasn't the prettiest performance, especially for the Rocky first quarter, but the number one Texas Longhorns can, that's What I was talking about. Took business won 34 3 over the rival, the Red Rebel Shootout 30 43, number 16 Oklahoma to remain the only unbeaten, the only unbeaten team in SEC.


The Longhorns got off to a slow start Saturday with more penalty yards 15 than They had offensive yards 13 in the first quarter. Quinn s was sacked on the first player. The game's first played then intercepted two plays. Later, yours finished with 199 passing yards and ran through a touchdown. While the running game earned 177 yards on 30 carriers. Texas held the soonest to 234 yards. 3.4 yards per play with a good chunk of That yardage coming with the game was already well, well, well, well outta hand. Texas planted a Longhorn flag through the Oklahoma Baker Bayfield, Georgia, no long, no love lost Ojo in the Red River.


Rivalry can Listen. It's supposed to be a rivalry, right? Can, Can, at the beginning it felt like a rivalry can, but as the game went on and kept going on, it was, it was lopsided. It was one-sided. So I was sitting There with excitement, had my cigar, had my little coffee. I say, okay, Quinn, Quinn, yours is back. You know, Oklahoma, let me see What, this rivalry is all about. Well, hell, it really wasn't much of a rivalry based on What. I saw, Nah, Oklahoma ain't What. It was was at The beginning. At the beginning. Oklahoma put up, put up a good fight. I said, okay, can. Okay, We got a game. Oh, We got a game.


And as time went on, man, It It was nothing like That. It wasn't a Snoo it wasn't a snooze fest. It wasn't a snooze fest, but it was, it was enjoyable to watch Brother Edwards viewers, viewers work can back being back from injury. You know, despite, despite the turnovers. You, you gotta fix That. Especially when you, you, if you have to play an even better team, you won't be able to overcome those mistakes. But it It was, eh, it iss not What. I thought it would be can They beat Technic deep defense? They sold the way They sold It to me. Huh? It wasn't, it wasn't What. I thought It was gonna be, Well I mean it is a rivalry. They've been playing each other probably for over a hundred years.


But Texas, on Texas is, is really, really good. Can especially That damn defense. They're really, really good. SAR has done a great JLab, he understands in order to compete for national championships, can being around Coach Saban, he knows the type of player That he can That he needs to get, he's a great offensive mind. If you are a wide receiver quarterback running back, he's You can gonna run a pro style offense. He's gonna help get you prepared to go play in the NFL. Right. And so the, this is the best team That I've seen in the SEC but guess What. They got the Bulldogs coming to town next week in Austin.


Hold on now. George ain't look, George ain't been looking too bright They self too now. No, no, no, no. But you know What ocho it used to be you played defense in the SCC. Right? Right. But now if you can't score points, you can't win. Right. And the days, the days of the way Alabama played defense and They They would hold you down and give you 10, you score 10 points in Suffocated can. That's, can, that's Over. You better go win these games. 41 to 34. You better win some games. 38, 31, 38, 35 Ocho them, them, them 20 to tens Can days over That. That's over, that's over. The game's too wide open. It's too wide open right now. Ocho And so, and It ain't coming back.


It ain't coming back. Texas is just better right now than Oklahoma. Brent Venable better be real careful because They got, wow, They got, They got Bob Stuss up outta There. Oh, can, can, can, can, can, Can. It ain't good enough to win eight, nine games. Some programs it's not good enough to win eight, nine games. Right. You need to, you need to challenge for national championships. You need to be winning 12 in 13 games. What, you know, I I, in order to Odoo That, you know, What, you, you know, What you need now you, you know, What, you need y'all be your boosters. Y'all better come on. Come on now. can No, Well they'd had a better chance, but when Gabriel, Dylan, Gabriel, Oregon quarterback, he was at Oklahoma last Yo Cho.


Right. You know, Hey That Nike money, you know, Hey seven 50 to a million dollars for a quarterback for eight for a 19, 20-year-old kid. Can you imagine if you had, if you was getting NIL back, back when you was seven, when you was 19, Can 75 months, 85 months? Boy listen, But can I I, when you look at it, OCHO Texas is just better. can ain't no where Hey ain't know What. You left That game saying, you know, What Oklahoma We ain't even mad at you. Right? It just better than We are.


can it just better don't you sometimes, sometimes you have to open your mouth and say That or as We say mouth MOUF mouth Be hon be honest about It Sometimes and it sometimes it's painful to say That,


the 2024 Presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our Decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on What. It all means for the future of our country watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C


Hey. What's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And if you haven't shopped There recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's Deni quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jeans. It fits me just the way I want it to. Make sure to hit up Abercrombie's essential collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing That. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see What. Everyone's talking about


The time for holiday hosting is upon us. So make your second bathroom second to none with Home Depot dot com's Best savings of the season right now. Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices That will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online bath Plus free delivery at The Home Depot. Subject to availability. See Home Depot dot com slash delivery for details.


What's s good Justin Jefferson here Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds. to have good sound on It to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream For more. Check out Bose Odoo com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video This Thursday it's Sean Peyton Homecoming as his Denver Broncos take on his former team. New Orleans Saints, Join, Al Michaels Kirk, herb Street, and Kaylee Hartung for a game you don't wanna miss. Well, you guys know I loved the Saints this year. I love them in this matchup taking on a young quarterback Sean Peyton's team doesn't look That good. I don't think there's any bitterness 'cause Sean Payton just retired then he got paid. But I, I'm very excited to watch my saints keep it rolling 'cause Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight live from New Orleans. Not a Prime member Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and You can cancel at any time. It's the Broncos and Saints at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Penn State kicker Ryan Barker converted a 36 yard field goal in overtime to beat USC 33 30. Keeping the number four Penn State undefeated season alive. Tyler Warren caught 17 passes for 224 yards, tying an FBS record for most catchers by a tight end in the game and posting the second most receiving yards in school history. Lincoln Riley took responsibility for the Trojans blowing a 14 point halftime lead with the Trojans falling to three and three. Riley said They have a chance to win all six games despite playing one of the hardest schedules in the country. can you had a hard, had an opportunity to win all six of the first games you played. Oh, can, to put yourself in a position to win these games is freaking hard to Odoo to begin with.


I get it. We have to Odoo a better JLab at end of games. I have to Odoo a better, I'll have to Odoo a better JLab. We've got to be able to finish, finish and all That falls on my shoulders. That's why They call me head coach. Okay, That, that's, that's, that's nice to hear Coach taking accountability and not blaming it on anybody else. But most of the time it does. It does happen more often in college as opposed to the NFL Can, I mean, look, you got a 14 man, 14 point lead ain't nothing in college. Oh no, not not with the way They throwing the ball. You get one, three and out, you get one, three and out and the other team get the ball before you know it, It's a top ball game.


Can now you got a ball game. But What, I don't understand Ocho, at some point in time, you know the guy cooking, you gotta make some adjustments. Y'all just gonna let the guy just keep catching the ball. Well you know what's funny when you talk about making adjustments sometimes you don't have the personnel to stop the person that's actually cooking. I'm gonna stop him. I I can't stop. I'm gonna stop him. Right. And I'm gonna make him Ocho the guy had, okay, he has 17, he had more catches by himself than the rest of the team had to combine. Combine. He had 2 24. The next closest was 53 to 39 to 33 to 26. I'm gonna make somebody That had 53, 39 to 33.


I'm gonna let them get some of them yards right because I know the tight end killing me. Let's see if somebody else can beat us. Right? But at least try out your damn Can. Listen, that's, that's why I said sometimes you ain't got the personnel, the adjustments you wanna make, you trying to make them, you know, you can't make 'em. 'cause you understand What you got on your side and That individual sometimes is just That special where you You can, You can only hope to contain them. But she ain't stopping. Can, can That was That was not a good look. De Lynn came over from UCLA after What. Did he Odoo when They UCLA and They paid him a lot of money. can look I been know, I know, I know the kid when he was a little bit bigger than Christian McCaffry.


Right? I played with his dad, Anthony Lin. So, and I thought after What, They did over the didn't They didn't They beat LSUI think They beat LSU over tonight when They made They, That was the LSU can. And I was like, okay, defense. But it's the same thing. Ocho, can the defense sucks again? Suck it again. I mean, and I don't know What Lincoln Riley gotta Odoo 'cause his defense sucked in Oklahoma can. That's why it got, that's What got him beat. And, and I mean when, when you think about college football, especially today in this era, are defenses any That are defense really?


That good in general? In general? They, they're not, they're not dominating. They're not suffocating. No. Not, you know, keeping teams from scoring. You might be lucky to score 14. Like you just not getting You can Not getting That more. Everybody putting th putting up 30, 40 something goddamn points bro. Every goddamn week. You ain't shutting up. You first of all the likelihood, I mean like the Georgia Defense, I don't know if We gonna see That again where They was holding people to 10 points, 12 points before the season. Odoo Odoo, you know, Odoo, you know how difficult That is, can Odoo, you know how much talent you have to have on your team to be able to hold another collegiate team.


The 10 to 12 points a game Can I don't it, it ain't happening anytime soon. No, But well you You, Odoo, It. If you got seven, eight first rappers on your defense like Georgia had Oh can most definitely. Then You get, you go, you, you get Walker, you get Walker, who's the first overall pick. And then you get Jalen Carter. You get Jordan Davis and You can getting the Kobe Dean and you get all those first round picks. That They took Green Bay, got like two of 'em on their roster. That's seven. That, Snee, he ended up getting cut, but he was a first round pick. So They had like six or seven first rounds on defense. can, can you You Odoo That.


But how many teams, how many teams gonna have six, seven first rounders? It ain't likely. I, nah. But today You can get you about six or seven first rounders depending on how much you willing to pay for 'em. Right? Well, I mean you, you might have a situation where you get like, you get like the BSO brothers and you get what's the other guy name? He with the commanders and he was the 49 ERs. Now he was with the, the Saints. I mean, you know, you had those d string of defensive end, you had Nick Bose. Oh, From from from Ohio State. Can, can Ohio State all those D linemen can That, That, That come out? There. But can it, it is hard. Ocho the the go says, okay, We gonna shut this team down.


Nah, y'all hold them and let us get a couple of extra possessions against them. Right? So We, get up 14 and That way when They get hot. We already can We already up on them. can, can, can and We just go score for score after That. But the likelihood of of, of, of, of you just shutting a team down. Nah.


Alright, Ocho, now it's time for our next segment. Landscaping the field brought to us, brought to you by our friends at Scott Lawn Care. Scott. Scott Lawn Care. Oh, Damn. I thought We had thought We had, you know, like graphics or something. That you didn't know. Fall is the perfect time to feed your lawn. Give your lawn a boost. Scot's Lawn s Scott's Turf build Winter Guard. Recover from the summer prep for the winter s Scott's winter Guard. Push your grass on the road to recovery from damage caused by summer heat. Feed your lawn, Scot's turf. Build a winter guard this fall to build strong deep roots for better lawn Next spring. Repair from summer fun strengthens for the winter. Prepare for spring secure for secure your fall For fun, pick up a bag of Scots turf. Build a winter guard today. Feed your lawn, feed it.


Today's top 10 results, Texas 34, Oklahoma three, the number three Oregon Ducks. Take down the number two Ohio State Buckeyes. 32 31 field goal with under two minutes. What's the difference in the ballgame? Yep. The number five Georgia Bulldogs take down Mississippi State Bulldogs. 41 31. The Keyes Miami was on a buy. Alabama survives 27 25 over the South Carolina. Gamecocks, Tennessee win 2317 over the Gators LSU touchdown, first possession of overtime. Number 13 LSU 29.


Number nine ole Miss 26. And Clemson Tigers seemed to have found their footing 49 14 over the Wake Forest demon. Deacons O Joe can the game had the, which game Odoo you feel had the biggest playoff implication tonight? Oh, let me see the biggest playoff implications. Maybe That, maybe That, Oregon, Ohio State. No, No.


I would say LSU Ole Miss because Bose of those teams would've had with about five, six games left two losses already. Wait, I don't Believe Ls LSU only has one loss, huh? Right, But if they'd have loss, Oh, if, if They would've lost. Okay, I see What. I see What You mean I see That's why it had such a playoff implication, right? Because think about how many games you got left and you already got two losses because look it Oregon. Oregon doesn't have Oregon nor Ohio State have loss. They were Bose. You know, You can Right? They. Were Bose undefeated. They. Were Bose undefeated. Right? So even if They lose ocho, they're not gonna fall out of the top 10. LSU You can gonna probably drop maybe to like 1920. Ole Miss You can gonna free fall because you just had a horrible loss just last week.


You know, you know, What I should have did, I should've went in Alabama, South Carolina because if Alabama, if Alabama had have won, which almost happened, No They lost. You mean, I mean if They, excuse me, if They They were the loss, They would've had two losses and That would've, I don't know, knowing the way FBS does, the whole They They was gonna squeeze them in their any goddamn way. Nah, because El Alabama still has to go on the road to LSU. They gotta go on the road to Tennessee. Who They still got Auburn, which is, you know, the Iron Bowl It it You get ugly back. It definitely would've been Odoo. It definitely would've been Doomsday can. But again, another thing or joke guess What. That's true. Losses Can, And then they'd have been back to back against unranked teams Can.


So absolutely That would definitely not have been good for them. OCHO Tom Brady's long pass to becoming a mar minority stake owner in the Las Vegas Raiders of finally, as the finish line, the NFL's finance committee has reviewed Brady's bid and plans to bring it to other franchise owners for a vote. Tuesday fall meetings in Atlanta, Brady will need at least 24 of the 30 leagues owners. 24 to 32 leagues owners to vote affirmative. According to Adam, she That the committee would not bring Brady's ownership to state of vote. If it wasn't sure It would be approved. If it win, Brady is approved, he'll be the new owner of approximately 10% of the Raiders as part of a group can.


Because That take up all his That, take up all his little money. Oh, can oh, Can. Because I, I think the thing is Ocho That these franchises, you saw the, the commanders commanders go for 6 billion Can 10 for six, 10% of 6 billion is 600 million. And you know who Hey, Hey That was a simple math can Hey Odoo, you know, Hey Odoo. You understand how much money these folk have. Man can Hey We We a We? We Sit here, We, look at We, look at athletes' contracts and We. Look at the huge numbers and Odoo, We, Odoo, Odoo, We. I wonder if people like actually understand when you think about it to them, to the ones, if They, if We make That much, imagine how much the owners make.


can imagine how much the people That own the team. They're not losing no money. The Minority owners, the majority owners. Like if the numbers are crazy when you sit back and think about it, and I think people really don't. It's all, it's, it's mind boggling. So I don't know, What, the Raiders are worth I hell, I think What you call 'em. I think Davis is a minority or his, he's the majority owner, but majority Owner can, He can who doesn own It all like, you know, say like Gary, Right? can, Or like the McCaskey with Virginia McCaskey. I think her and her son, who's coach Hal, that's his daughter.


Right? Or or you know, the Lions, the Fords. The Fords can, because I think turned It over to her dad or to her, to her daughter. I think her daughter runs it now because the Ford. See, that's how You can married Ford married a Firestone Air. So We got a car. We need tires. Boom. There We go We rolling down the road. See What, I did Ojo. We rolling. Hey That was a good one. So that's, that's That was good. That actually, that's What happened. He married, he married the Ford. He, William Clay, Mr. Clay, Mr. Ford. He married the Firestone daughter can. So We got tires.


You got cars. We got tires. Let's Odoo this We good. We. good, good. That's all. We. good, good. That ain't not for business, man. good. Keep, keep, keep, keep it business man. Can, can, Can Cam Jordan believes That the greatest quarterback of all time is Drew Brees, not Tom Brady Jordan shared his hot take on Armand St. Brown's podcast saying, drew Rees is the best quarterback of all time. There's no, there's nobody who has the completion percentage. That Drew has, there's nobody. That has the five most 5,000 yard season. That Drew has it took Tom Brady an extra two years to break Breed's record. If you're talking about accomplishments, yes, Tom, Brady. But if you want to look at stats, pat your stats, okay, put your stats because Drew got those when he left.


There were so many records, so many That he owned Now after Tom retired, Tom Brady played another two years and broke most of them, I believe. can I like, I like, I like the argument. I like the argument. And You can taking You can taking Drew over to over Peyton? Hell no. Hell no. I mean, listen, I love the argument this cam drew can and I, he, he's going to take a for quarterback, you know, can I like the argument can then We talk about Drew B still one of the best can one of except all time. Yes, no matter, no matter What. But now We are comparing them to the greatest of all time. So now you got, you got a little, little bit too much dip on your tip Cam, can I love you?


I I love you. can I love you? I Love That. He with his got i You Can find ways to, to try to put your, your quarterback and, and, and shed a light to where you feel he's better than Tom Brady. But that's just not the case. No matter how you try to splice, it can, no matter What numbers you use. But no matter What percentages, you may use Tom. Brady is the best They ever play. There's not, I don't know if There are ever gonna be a situation. Well, voters people, Right? Put Drew over Tom or Peyton. I just don't see a scenario. Hold On you talking about voters, people, who else would Now I'm just saying I don't, I don't see a scenario where, you know, You can like Right, can I, that's What I think Can, and it's not, it's not a bad thing.


That, You can, talking about Drew, Drew's still one of the best of all time. Yes, They were I agree, but They You can, you're comparing 'em to the greatest of all time can. So then There, there's a little bit of, there's a little bit of disconnect. Your wifi can, it ain't got all the goddamn bars, right. I agree. But I, I think had, and you look at Drew's completion percentage, you look at those 5,000 yard season. Had he had more Super Bowl appearances, can now We You have an argument. He has two, he has an MVP right now We can have an argument, but with one Super Bowl appearance, one Super Bowl MVP not enough can, I don't know how We get There.


Ocho can, and he had, like I said, the completion percentage. I think when he completes 70% of his passes, he had four or five, 5,000 yard seasons. And can, you know, can he did have What yard passing yardage? I think he might have had the touchdown record. But you need, you needed a few more. I mean let's just say he has three or he has two or three, right? Let's just say he has two Super Bowls, three MVPs. I would be like, okay, I don't think he quite getting us Ocho, but I You, I You. See What people would say can, can kinda like, like, like Tom has seven Super Bowls. Five mv, five super Super Bowl MVPs, right?


He has five can five and three regular season MVPs. Peyton has five regular season MVPs, two Super Bowl appearances with two different teams and a Super Bowl MVP. But he has four appearances. So he went two with the pa, two with the Colts. Colts two with the Broncos. Broncos can, so You can like, okay, I think Drew would would need something like That, right? In order would need something like That. But I get luck. That's your teammate. can I gotta rock? My teammate can always, always, because They ask me, well who Odoo?


You wanna be your quarterback John? Man, why Odoo you say It because I got so bowls with John and I got a gold jacket with John. I mean What. Y'all want me to say right The? Volume


CBS. This Friday TV's hottest show is back fire Country returns with a new season where Max Harriet Stars is Bodie Donovan now stepping into a whole new world outside of prison. The challenges are more dangerous and the stakes have never been higher. Battling fierce fires and his own personal demons bode's still fighting his journey towards redemption. Get ready for explosive action, shocking twists and intense small town drama. Don't miss an all new fire country CBS this Friday and streaming on Paramount Plus part of CBS Premier Week.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're re in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch. no one can stop you For more, check out Bose dot com.


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader, like That car riding your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, all those cars doubling as kitchens and living rooms are on Autotrader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at the same time? Well, multitasking pro cars like the ones in the gym parking lot are for sale on Autotrader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay, no flying cars. But as soon as They get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you wait Autotrader,


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings You can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football That makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter What, you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.