
Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states, and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players, A new faith provides answers. You mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straight Way He tries to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen To MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the Edge with me, cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL stars Join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends, and did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap into Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume, TD Tudy, taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to draft King Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


We didn't think it was gonna be much, but the jazz did a great job. Aaron Rogers looked unbelievable. Aaron Rogers 281 passing yards, two touchdowns. The Jets defense recorded seven sacks and at the end Drake may got an opportunity to play. And you know what? It might be a thing, a sign of things to come because you kind of know what you was going to get with Jacob Bassett. You just wanted the rookie to sit, learn a little bit. You was kind of hoping probably Ette could get a little farther into the season. Ocho Yeah, but it doesn't look like it. But you know what you gonna get Jacob ett. He's not changing anybody's life, but give the Jets credit tonight. They look really good. Aaron Rodgers looked good. Very good. Like he nor like he normally do like he normally does now he looks like the Aaron Rogers that we saw in, in in Green Bay.


Yes, he does. What did you like, what did you like most about what you saw from the Jet tonight? I mean, you know what I liked, what I saw most from the Jet is the consistency of their offense. Now, there was a little low, obviously in the third and fourth quarter, but their first and second quarter they looked good going up and down the field, being able to run the ball, having a, a consistent balance of run and pass. Yeah. Girl Wilson looks very good. Yeah, Michael Williams looks good. The running game looks good. Now this is the jets that people were expected to see if Aaron Rogers didn't get hurt last year. Correct. So with him being healthy now, he made me a little nervous sometimes every time he scrambled outside that damn pocket and they go goddamn run. And I'm like, it's like I'm holding my breath a little bit, you know, because I know the keys is messed up.


But again, something that other quarterbacks need to learn. Like Tua, every time he got out the pocket, what's the first thing Aaron Rodgers did First? He get down, down, get a first, get down Feet, first get down. But other than that, man, they, they, they look phenomenal and that defense Yeah. Because they, they didn't look good last week, but this week yeah, they looked much better. And the fact that this Patriot team that I just saw tonight beat my goddamn Bengals at home. Yeah. Week one. I don't know what's going, I don't know what that, you know, what is going on. But listen, if you're a jet fan, if you in the chat and you are a Jet fan, even if you're not a fan of Aaron Rogers because of some of all the, all the extracurricular activities he talks about and does off the field, the young man, this is the reason why they put up with his bullshit.


And he gave you example of that tonight. Yeah. Ocho when I watched this game, I'm looking at the Patriots and I'm thinking to myself, y'all had a game plan for Tom Brady? Yeah. A guy that can't run. The last thing you want to do is let Aaron Rogers get outside the pocket and throw the ball. That's where he's most dangerous. He, he, he made his bones. He's a four time league. MVP. Yes. Aaron Rogers can throw the ball from the pocket. He's one of the most prolific throwers of the football that we've ever seen. But he's most dangerous outside of the pocket. That's what you do to a Tom Brady. You've forced Tom Brady off his mark. Yes, Tom is accurate outside of the pocket. Right. But he's not as accurate outside of the pocket as he is in the pocket.


Aaron Rogers is the flip side. Yes. Aaron can beat you from the pocket, but you would much rather have him because you don't want to give him that kind of time. Once he escapes the pocket. Right now he can't run like he want. He couldn't run like he could when he was 28, 32. He's 49. We understand that. But his arm is still just as dangerous And if you let him buy time outside of the pocket. And, we know this about Aaron. If you studied his career, he loves throwing the ball to the tight end. Yeah. And this tight end came up with some big catches on third down to keep the chains going, give him an opportunity to stay on the field, get three more downs. But I, I didn't really like the game plan of the, of the Patriots. Right. Because they didn't, they they, they, they let Aaron get outside to his left.


They let him get outside to his Right. That is a, a game plan that you have for a stationary quarterback, a Tom Brady, a Peyton Manning or Kurt Cousins. Yeah. Y'all, I ain't worried about y'all going nowhere, so I'm just gonna make sure I'm gonna get you off your mark in the pocket. But when you look at the, you look at them, they ran the ball. Okay. Not great. Right. Not great, not great. They ran the ball. Okay. Okay. The defense did what they were supposed to do, what I think was an an overmatch team. You do. Yeah. You dominate. That's what you're supposed to do. Ocho a team that you're better than you supposed to come out of the game feeling that you're better than not. Like, man, I wish we had played better. We're supposed to beat that team by X amount of points. So when you're play somebody and you got to, and you're better damn near across the board.


Right. This is what you're supposed to do. Not they missed a field goal. And I'm sure there's some, there, there's some things that Aaron and, and, and the offensive staff is gonna look at. Like, you know what guy, we probably should have had another 10, 14 points. Yeah. Easy. Easy. And, and, and you know, we feel a lot, I mean, we feel good, but we feel a lot better about ourselves. I think that's the thing that the coaches that I really appreciate about a lot of the coaches that I played for OCHO that even when we won the game, he is like, we gonna go back and watch the film because there are some things that we can do a lot better to make sure that we're clicking on all cylinders. Everythings going okay. But the just, you know, you now you get 10 days, you don't play a again until the following Sunday. You get some time off. You played a lot of games in the first 11, you know, because they had a Monday night game. Right. Then they played a Sunday and then they came and played a Thursday.


So you look at about a three games in the span of 11 days. That's a lot. That's a lot on a 40-year-old body. And so you give Aaron credit, but going, go ahead. One, one thing, you know Aaron ain't practicing, you know, you know you ain't Practicing again. Okay. I won my appeal. Okay. I guess, I guess far. Okay. Okay. He said I, he said I defamed him. Okay. And, and a strongly worded opinion. Okay. They said Mr. Sharp offered strong opinions Right. Based on things that were reported as fact and that's not defamation. Right. So hopefully, look, there's a chance he tries to throw a Hail Mary and take it to the Supreme Court.


Who knows? Maybe his job is to, but I was never gonna back down. Right. And, and, and, and P Mac, you know, said, Hey, he didn't. No, I don't feel I did anything wrong. I ain't got no problem. Mocho. Yes sir. I and I you and, and, and fans and, and people that's listening and watching right now, you've heard me say actions, I control that. Yes sir. Consequences are without or outta my control. But the consequences that come from my actions. Right. I stand here on it. Yeah. I'll take it on business. All 10. I'm wrong. I'm wrong. I don't believe I defame Brett far. I believe I off offered a very strong opinion. Right. On what was reported in the paper.


Speaking Of what was reported. Is this, is this still true? And has, has, has, has, has the money been paid back or are we gonna leave that alone? Until The money, the money he, he paid the original, but they said he owes interest that hasn't been paid back. Oh, Interest. That's One. That's what, that's, that's what was reported. Right. I was speaking on what reported Now at the time I said he took money, skip said he paid it back. I said, and what about the interest? It's been reported that the interest hadn't been paid back and, and like the funds went, or some of the funds, $5 million, $4 million or something went for a volleyball arena. Mm. And so, you know, I was surprised that he filed a lawsuit.


And so, you know what I always do Ocho Yeah. I go call, I get with Marvin, I go in, I say, so what are we gonna do? Right. He says, they got these firms. He said this is the, this would, this would be the number one Williams and Connolly. Yeah. Oh, Williams and Conley. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They helped me, they helped me on a few of my cases. Man, Ocho. Yeah. It cost your boy a penny. Oh Yeah. Oh, you ain't got, you ain't gotta tell me. You ain't gotta tell me. But it wasn't about the money. Right. I wasn't gonna bow down. Right. Because you know, sometimes people try to put you in a pinch and think big bang, take little bank. Oh no. I've spent up all my money And.


we, we got it. I was never go, I was never gonna apologize because I don't believe I did anything wrong. Yeah. If I was wrong. Yeah. If I say something and somebody like, okay, Meg thee stallion. She took what I said, she took it, it, it, it hurt her. Right. Okay. I ain't got no problem, Meg. I'm sorry, that wasn't my intention. Intent don't matter. Right. Because you were equally as offended even though I, that that wasn't my intention. If I say something the way I behaved at the Lakers game, I'm wrong. I'm wrong dead ass. But I don't believe I defamed Brett. I don't, I was offering a strong opinion on what was being reported. Right. I mean listen, everybody reported it.


Why was he just solely focused on you is the question. You know, why, but it is what it is. Okay. My bad. My bad. I didn't mean to bring that up. My bad. It is what it is. Yeah. It Is what it is. I'm glad. So all the people, Joe, everybody that handled it, Ocho they came in, they took all Ash emails. Yeah. 'cause she, you know, she was my producer. Yeah. Yeah. They my phone, they came and plugged that machine up to my phone Yeah. And took everything off it. Yeah. Everything. Yeah. I got, I got one of them too. I got one of them at, I was like, I say, so what happened? I say, I just want y'all to know I'm about to own something, if anything on this phone get out.


Right. I'm about to own something. I don't know what, but I'm gonna own it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. And like I said, bro, it was, it's just, it was just, I'm, I'm just, hopefully it's over. I really do owe you. I hope it's over. Yeah. I wish Brett nothing but the best. Yeah. I, I heard that he's going either tomorrow or next week, he's going before Congress and they're gonna have ask some questions about the funds. Right. Right. What he knew how much he knew. When did he know, what did he know? And so I just like, I just want the people of, of Mississippi to have their day in court. Right. I, you know, that was wrong for however it got out that the funds were misappropriated.


Right. And I just want, I want the people of Mississippi to be made whole. 'cause that's one of the, that's the poorest state in the us. Mississippi is the poorest. They could, ill afford to have any money slip through the cracks and go to people that didn't deserve it or didn't. And that's, that, that's, that's bad. Right. And I, I just don't, I, I, you know, Ocho you know, I all, and people you've heard me say I hate, like, I, I just want, like, people that, that can't help themselves. I mean, you talk about people making 10 and 15, $20,000 a year and come on man. I just, I just feel, I just, I just feel, I look, I I'm for God, you, you blessed me.


You, you, you've shown favor to me more than I probably deserve. But everybody ain't like us. Ocho Yeah. Everybody's not gonna play a number of years in, in the NFL or play a professional sport. Everybody's not gonna have a job and be able to take care of their money. And when they retire, they good. Everybody ain't gonna be like that. Yeah. Yeah. And I, and I like, and I just, I just, I just hate that the people of Mississippi. And I, I don't know why people would do that, but I'm just glad it's over. I wish Brett the best. I wish the people in Mississippi did they get their day and, and, and let justice be served. So that's, that's where I am on that. So I'm glad. Thank you to my team at Williams and Connolly


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format, but it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast has something for you. And you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer Stark Kabir, Baja bi Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey GB, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian, now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabeer's journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football. The search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week. But I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Klaban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I Don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Alright, here we go. It's Cam Jordan from New Orleans. Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast. Off the edge with me. Cam Jordan can't stop it. You know what's gonna happen. Can't stop it. That's right. Catch new episodes every Wednesday. All season long. That's what you look for. Year 14 to do more? No. Okay. Small. And I have my friends who happen to be some of the NFL's biggest stars. Join me on the pod. We'll give you a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moments from around the league and you know, we'll have fun doing it, huh? Yeah. Oh, and I'll have a special guest each month. Join me to mix it up a little bit. Who is it? None other than psych. You have to tune in to find out. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan's podcast. Your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What do you, what does Mel talk about? Man, this is, see, this is what happened when somebody has, has, has been in the position that is, they never played the game, but to study the game and knows a lot about the players coming outta college and knows the ins and outs and all, all the little nuances. And then he, he talks good during the draft. Now you're saying something needs to be outlawed. For what? For what? How about you realize that the goddamn offensive line play is fucking horrible this season. That's why the goddamn pass Terrible, Horrible. Look at the left tackles. Look at the right tackles in today's game. Look at it. Pay attention. You'll see why the goddamn numbers are down. It has nothing to do with Goddamn Cup. Tool two. Man, none of that shit. Or two safety looks like goddamn man.


Shit. I mean, so, so in other words, so in other words, he want the touchdown Rick to keep going up. I mean, he, he ain't gonna be satisfied until you got five quarterbacks throw for 50 touchdowns in the season. Man, Guess what? With damn Marino threw for 48 touchdowns. They played cover two when Peyton made it through for 55. They played cover two when Tom played throw for 50, they played cover two. When Patrick Mahomes throw for 50, they played cover two Marino threw for 48 and 5,000 yards back in the eighties, they played cover two. It is just ridiculous. And matter of fact, how about this? If you gonna take out the two high safety, right? Yeah. You got corners having to play man to man with some of these elite receivers not having no goddamn help. They need the motherfucking raise, the goddamn pay for the DBS in.


Let the no make, let, let the DBS make sure the DBS making 30 million a year. If they gotta cover these fools, Xavier worthy and Chris ve and Rash Shahe and all these fast dudes. One-on-one For help. I'm gonna make it, I'm gonna make it leaving. I'm gonna make it easy for her if no more. Cover two. You can't have a wide receiver on the field that runs four three or faster Since we, since you won a handicap. Every guy. Yes. Yeah. Since you want a handicap defense, they gotta play all this. They gotta play all this single high. Okay. All your receivers gotta run at League four four run four, four high. That's, that's a, that's a trip, man. Come on Mel. I love you Mel. I love you and I respect you baby.


But come on now You do realize they went to that. They used to, all they play was single high safety. Yeah. Until Bob Hayes. Bob Hayes came into the league. How you the world's fastest man. You gonna play him in single high with mad coverage. Yep. He the fastest man on the planet. And you got a db. Now remember now it's dancing like Ginger Rogers and Fred Astaire. Ginger Rogers had a harder job because she did everything Fred Astaire did and she did it backwards in heels. Yeah. So we are asking these DBS to do everything Tyreek Hill does, but I need you to do it backwards. Backwards. That's crazy. With no help. That's crazy.


It be a, it'd be a touchdown on every play. Or if you had, if hold On. If you just had to play single high. Yeah, yeah, for sure. Oh listen, It ain't gonna be no touchdown, but it gonna be a lot of yards. Listen, You or you play off of seven yards and keep everything in front of you. But all they gonna do is march right down the goddamn field. Yeah. You gotta be able to switch it up. You gotta play cover two, you gotta play quarters, you gotta play 55. You gotta play six kick. You gotta play 7 88 bucks. I don't even think I, bro, don't think, I don't even think mail was thinking like I I did. Did you think that process through, you know, there's, there's a reason for different coverages. There's a reason for different Yeah. Different defenses. You know, it makes the game difficult for quarterbacks so they don't know where to go with the ball.


Right. There's a reason you left. There's a reason why the safety dropped down. I mean, there's a reason why the goddamn offensive live shifts right before the, you know, snap the ball. Like come on man. Ocho you remember in college, you remember in college they say, man, y'all need to do with the know huddle. These spread, these are these know huddle offenses. Yeah. They, they gonna get somebody. No, you have to, you gonna have to coach your team up Yeah. And get 'em in better shape so they can handle it. Well you gonna have to get your quarterback smarter and understand where to go with the football. Right. Get 'em to study better and stop putting the ball in harm's way. Yeah. You evolve. 'cause they're not telling the offense. Well, you can't run empty, you can't run five wides. You can't run three by one. You can't run a come on man.


Damn. Y'all just want the offense to just to go up and down. Y'all. So just, I, I'll tell you what, this, this how the dbs the defense player with one shoot, you can only wear one shoot. Damn. At some point in time. Damn. Let the defense win. Gimme so Mocho. Lemme win something. Hell no. Damn. All the damn rules to in this, in today's game are predicated towards the offensive players. Nah, male. They Tried. Yes. They got the goddamn nah male. You can't touch the receivers past five yards. You can't touch, you can't do nothing. Now he want to take a, I Can't hit him too hard. O yo, remember I can't hit him too hard. You Know, you can't hit him. You know, you can't. And the quarterback, Listen, you can't make him think twice about coming across that goddamn middle receiver. The quarterback receivers be out there catching stuff like the Mona Lisa smiling one hand in the air in the middle of Yeah.


Me. I, I mean, I'm trying to think. I can't remember and I'm sure it might have happened. Yeah, but I don't remember all these catches with one hand. Like you see these guys going across the middle. Yeah. Looking pretty. Are hey, And these guys catching three steps. Slant route. Ocho are three steps. Man, Mike, single tear. Boy, Man, your head been, man, listen, your head would've been rolling. Boy, You'd have had avisor over your ear hold because that's what you'd have been looking out of as soon as you brought your, as soon as you brought your hands in that three steps Ocho, you better let that backer clear. Man. Sh boy, you better than me. Hit me. Hey, hit me in the second window, sir. Hold Back. Thank You.


Hit me in the second window. In the second window. You better let single Terry clear. You better lay ro Let Ray and them clear off all and all those guys. Lacer what three steps sl. Man, I don't want, I don't want none of that and I don't wanna hear that shit, man. It's okay. I know you're the quarterback. You're the most important. You are the most important player and most important position on the field because you touched the ball every goddamn play. But come on man. You, you listen. You have to say the right thing. Bryce Young is saying all the right thing because he is in a position where he has to, you went to a fucking dumpster. Fire's the reason they were the team to pick and have the first pick in the goddamn draft. Everybody can see it.


Your family gonna tell you the truth. Your friends are gonna tell you the truth. I'm telling you the truth. It ain't you ain't nothing wrong with you. Some of it is Ocho Shit. You ocho did you know Name? Go ahead. Listen, Go ahead Find me somebody out the Old Testament. Find me somebody out the New Testament that can come play for the goddamn panthers and make a goddamn difference. Nobody, boy Jesus himself could come down here in them goddamn sandals. He be wan ain't nothing changing. Unc is bad when Sam Don, Oh yeah, When Sam Donna was there, they said it was Sam, Donna fault. When Baker Mayfield was there, they said it when Baker Mayfield's fault Bryce Young is there.


They said it's Bryce Young's fault. Sam Donald and goddamn Baker Mayfield are off two motherfucking historic starts again. Yeah, I think Baker Baker might have went to the Pro Bowl last year something and he, he played very well since he's got outta that cesspool, which is Carolina. Hey, let me tell you something, lemme tell you something Chad, I want you to stay with me real quick. Listen to me. Dave Teper knows Frank Wright got fired in week 11. 11 games. 11 games. He understand David Teper has a very short fuse and had little to no patience at all and not understanding that it takes time. It Ain't Gonna win it, you not finna buy your way into having a successful team.


It takes time to build. So yeah, I think Dave Panes is sitting back. Well, you know it right now. I think my goddamn job is on the line. Yeah. Because I don't think we can win with Bryce Young, not understanding the elephant in the room is more than just Bryce Young. There are other issues that need to be addressed. David Teer knows that. Mr. Canis knows that as well. Right. There's nothing Bryce do. And I'm I I'm gonna ask you one more thing. I'm gonna let you talk because I, if, if you don't stop me, I'm gonna keep on going ahead. There are 31 other quarterbacks in the team chat. Be honest with yourself. 31 other quarterbacks in the league that are starters name one that would come, that can come to the Panthers team right now and make a goddamn difference.


Please tell me. And matter of fact, I'm going to the game this Sunday. I think the Panthers are playing the Raiders in Vegas. I gotta work that game. So now I get to see it in person. So when we do the show Sunday night, I'm gonna be able to, Y'all you saw in person, what Did I tell you? I just saw it in person. It ain't Bryce Young, But Go ahead. Go ahead now you but you got me. You I think, oh Joe, look, I'm 38 part now The problem that started Making that damn speech, like he, the issue, The problem is, is that owners, let's just say owners and adss, you get a team. Yeah. A team that went, won one game or team that won three games.


And you expect no matter who you hire to come in and all of a sudden y'all gonna be a playoff team. Y'all come in, all of a sudden you're in the college football player. Do you realize how bad you were before you got in, before you changed regime your Regimes? And you know what the problem is? You know what the problem is? The people that positions of power, they're not football guys. We have businessmen buying teams. That's the problem. Businessmen that use money and they know that what money does and the business world, it changes things right away. Right. In the football girl, that's not the way shit works. No, because in in, in business you can create a product and it change a fortune just like that. Whether it's the iPhone or, or or or the, the iPod or whatever the case may be.


You can create something and instant instantaneously it changes your life. Now if you are fortunate enough and you get a quarterback, it can change. It can. But but what about the piece do you have, remember Patrick Mahomes went to a team that had Travis Kelsey, he and Tyreek Hill, and if I'm not mistaken, it had, what's the guy, the running Kareem Hunt? Kareem Yeah, but he, I think he got in trouble and he ended up, they ended up shipping him out. Yeah. But and then they went and got Sammy Watkins. So they surrounded him as great as he was. They surrounded him with talent. Yeah.


Yeah. That's what you gotta have no matter. Great. I don't care how great. You gotta have some And, and I'm not saying that the guy Unity, Randy Mall, Jerry Rice and to all on one team. But Do they fit, do the pieces fit Right. And see that's what everybody said. Well Tom Brady ain't got no help. No, no, no. Those guys that Tom had, they fit. Right. Because everybody can't go, you can't take guys that are being Alpha Dogs that used to being the guy and says, okay, you got two passes this week, we're gonna run the ball 40 times. Right. Like they did like Edelman And, we and, and Amandola and those guys that don't work Right for Jerry. That ain't working for to, that ain't working for Randy. That ain't working, don't you?


Right. Right. And I tell people that. I say, y'all look at and y'all look at Edelman, y'all look at Amandola. Y'all look at Walker, y'all look at receivers and y'all think, well they're not Jerry Rice. No, but Jerry ain't playing in that system. You better get Jerry that damn ball. Yeah, Yeah. Okay. You better get, Hey, you better give Marvin Harrison that ball. Yeah. Okay. Better drive happen and Marvin ain't seen the ball. Okay. Y'all let that, that quietness fool you, You don't play bad, you don't play. Everybody can't play in every system. They think, oh great. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. You better get those guys the ball And, we gonna talk about tar and say how he approached right situations with the receiver, how he would talk each and I, you hear me say this all the time.


If you are a leader, you can't lead every lead. Everybody the same. If you are a coach, you can't coach everybody the same. Right. You treat 'em all fair but you don't treat 'em all the same. You have to understand by being around, being observant, talking and understand what's the best way. Oh, oh, he's so sensitive. Okay. You try that, you try that approach. Right. I'm just telling you, having been in locker rooms or telling you and I got over almost two and a half decades in locker rooms. Yeah. I'm not telling you what somebody said. You can say somebody is sensitive and saw all you want, but if you approach the wrong guy the wrong way, he gonna go upside your head is gonna be a problem. The chiefs go on the road and win a very highly contested, a very good ball game 2217 over the Atlanta Falcons.


They get a stop on a fourth down. Alger couldn't barge his way through on 31. So the Falcons have to go for it on four eight inches and be John Robinson, the ball carrier. And here it is ocho, they covered up all the blockers and they say, Nick Bolton, you gotta make a play. Be John Robinson. You either gotta run him over or you gotta make him miss. He didn't either. And the chiefs get the ball back. But listen, Bolton, Bolton scraped better than the goddamn goddamn butter knife he scraped, filled that hole right away. So there's really nothing for bija Robin to be able to do in that instance. For one, I'm questioning the play call on fourth and inches. If they got the, the, they, they got the box stacked right unc Yeah. Everything's covered, right?


Yeah. So it's the first thing you do. You do something outside of the tendency on what you would normally run on a fourth and inches. Man, I'm, I'm play action. Faking it out the belly and got the tight end maybe coming out the backside of doing something different as opposed to what they think you're gonna do on fourth an inches. They think you know you're gonna run the ball due to complete opposite. Surprise 'em. Yeah. If you Gonna go for it, if you're gonna go for it, throw the whole deck out, throw the whole kitchen sink out. Do something different in that scenario. I mean, spags knew he had the right play call and Bolton made a hell of a goddamn play. I think in that situation, Ocho you go with what? Because if that throw that ball on fourth and inches, what are you going to say?


Right Man, you got Bija Robinson, you took a top 10 pick, you got Alga right there at the backfield. Okay, well you ran the ball, you got a top, you got a top 10 pick, you ran the ball and you still got stopped. Okay, okay. You gotta give the defense some credit. Sp did a great job of covering everybody up. When you cover all the blockers up, somebody's gonna be free. Now you tell your back you because he ain't no block, he's unblocked. You either gotta run him over or you gotta make him miss. Those are your only two options because now you taking all your skill, your wide receivers are off the field. You brought in big personnel so they know you're gonna run the ball. And if we can't, well first of all, if we can't get an inch, hell, we don't deserve to win the game.


Mocho, all you gotta do is take your tongue out. That's an right there. Sam Donald dominates the Texans 34 7 through three weeks. The Vikings have been one of the league's best team. They one of the road against the Giants. They defeated the NFC best 49 ERs in week two. And now they beat the AFCs top one of the a FC top squads in re three. Their plus 55 marginal victory through three games is the second best in franchise history. Only behind the 1975 team Minnesota went four for five in the red zone. Donald threw four touchdowns on the day. It's the first time to hit his career that he's thrown multiple touchdowns in three straight games today. They jumped out on the Texas and didn't let up. CJ Stroud threw for 215 yards, two interceptions, one touchdown.


And they struggled with Brian Flores's defense and without leading rusher to run the football, Joe Mixon, they were sitting ducks back there. Houston scored a season low seven points and the running backs had 11 carriers for only 26 yards in place of mixon cam acres. Longest rush was nine yards. This was the first time cj, CJ looked, looked, he looked pedestrian. This is the worst. This is his worst game of the NFL. Now obviously he's due to have one of these game, but Brian Flores did a great job of confusing it. He did a great job of pressuring him. He get did a great job of disguising coverages and hopefully he gets another opportunity to be a head coach again.


'cause you know, obviously you know some things that happen in Miami with Tua. And I think everybody deserves the second chance because we've seen some coaches that get second, third chances. And so hopefully Brian Flores with the job that he's doing this year at Minnesota, when a head coaching job comes available and they will come available ocho hopefully he's in line to get one of those jobs. But what did you like about what you saw from Minnesota? Well, Sam Donald. Sam Donald. I don't, I don't listen, I don't know what happened when he was in Carolina. I don't know what happened when he was in San Francisco, but the Sam Dart, I don't know what happened when he was in New York, but the re the but the, the resurgence and the confidence that he's displaying at the quarterback position and having the number one pick go down and him stepping in and looking like the savior for the Minnesota Vikings.


And they haven't missed a beat. They haven't missed a step offensively. Listen, he was 17 for 28. 1 180 1 4 TDS today. Yep. Pick it up right where they left off. I know Justin Jefferson is happening. I know. I and Doc people don't understand how important the quarterback position is for your success if you have adequate play at the quarterback position. Anything is possible. Anything is possible. And he's showing that despite the struggles that he's had early in his career on the other teams, found the right situation and look was, look how he's showing up. Look how he's performing week in and week out, even though it's only week three.


Well, listen, he gonna, he gonna be, he he gonna be due for a game that doesn't look like itself. Yeah, of course. Like he the past three weeks, but so far Unbelievable. Well, I think the, and He's playing, he's, he's playing for another starting job somewhere else too. Now he's playing for another starting job. I Think the problem that teams run into is that they want these quarterbacks to play early and they're not ready to play and you ruin them. Yeah. And that it, it is like you draft a quarterback high, well he's gotta play. What do they do? They clear the deck. Yeah. They don't have any veteran guys in there. They don't have anybody that can challenge them. And they just, okay, here you go. And I think sometimes they'll be better served if they were to sit 6, 8, 10 games maybe the entire season.


But they want 'em to play so soon. And if they're not ready and now you wreck the guy's confidence. And that's, I think that's what happened with Sam Darna. Now, I'm not saying he's going to turn around and all of a sudden he's gonna be Kurt Warner. You know, he, he's gonna go be in a situation where he leaves a team to the Super Bowl and he is an two time MVP or something like that. But I think he's a good quarterback. But I think sometimes they force these guys to play and when they don't have much help around him, and then this is what you get. And then everybody's like, well, he a bust, he'll bust. No, you didn't put him in a situation where he could succeed. And so everybody, you know, everybody wants to guy to come in. You know, he'll high draft pick OCHO and play right away and be good, Be a savior.


Listen, I call, I call it a savior. 'cause you, you gotta understand if if you had the number one pick, if you had the number two pick, you know, it's because you know, collectively, your, your team is bad. Right. The previous season. And you're not just quarterback away. Yeah. Listen sometimes, but these young, these young fellas, man, there's no development. You know, the, the transition from college to then to the pros, it can be difficult. It, it can be gruesome. Especially if you throw 'em out there to the sharks. And we've seen so many different examples of that. Now you have some, some an, an anomalies like c cj Schrock, the way he played rookie year. You know, you there, there there's some examples of of people.


Hell, Patrick Mahomes even had the City year behind God. Alex Smith, he did. Carson Palmer, who was my quarterback, had the City year behind God John Kidner. But when they did get in there and play, boom. Yeah. Give 'em an opportunity. Set 'em up, set 'em up for success. Yeah. It's okay if the guy doesn't play the opening day. And I know a lot of guys who want, I wanna be the day one starter, but are you gonna be ready to be the day one starter? 'cause it's not just about day one, it's about day 101. Day 1001. Because they're not just getting you, they don't just want you for one year. They hoping you a decade player or a decade and a half player.


That's what they're hoping. But, and the NFL, it's all about confidence. Especially that position. You have to believe you the baddest mofo out there. I don't care who out there on the field, I'm the baddest and you gotta have that mentality. Right. But, but they did, they did a number on, on Houston. I haven't seen Houston look like this in a very long time. Or Joe. And I've been following, you know, I've been following for about last 16, 17 games, you know, last year coming up to this year. I, I, this is, this is the worst I've seen their offense look, they confused them. They did a great job of getting out to cj.


They picked him a couple of times. It seemed like Brian Flores had him confused a couple of times. There's no harm in that. You do one of those games. You have 16, 17. If you can go 16, 17 games, what I have in a dud, you pretty good, right? That's go, you gonna have a pretty good career if you could, if it averages out like that you won for 16 as far as bad games. But give Minnesota credit, Minnesota might be better than I thought considering that, you know, they lost JJ McCarthy. Aaron Jones has been a godsend 'cause they moved on from Ollie Madison. Remember they let Dalvin Cook go a couple years ago. But Aaron Jones, he comes in 19 four buck or two.


He's great at catching the ball outta the backfield. But Justin Jefferson and they don't even have Jordan Addison yet. Remember he hurt his knee when When he come back. Yeah. And when he come back, that makes them even that much more dangerous. That opened up the playbook. Even that much more


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liar's Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey, this is Mike Wright from the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast. You heard that right? The fantasy footballers have officially entered the dynasty space every week. We bring you the same in-depth analysis and entertainment you've come to expect from the fantasy footballers only. Now from a dynasty perspective, maybe you've been living in the dynasty fantasy football space for a while. Well, we're here to take your game to the next level. Maybe you love fantasy football and you've been feeling that itch to jump into the dynasty format, but it feels a little bit intimidating no matter where you're coming from. The Fantasy Footballer's Dynasty podcast has something for you and you're gonna have a great time listening, I promise. Join me and the rest of the crew every Wednesday for a new episode. Listen to the Fantasy Footballers Dynasty podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


It was December, 2019 when the story blew up in Green Bay, Wisconsin. Former Packer star Kabir, Baja b Amila caught up in a bizarre situation. Hey Gb, explaining what he believes led to the arrest of his friends at a children's Christmas play. A family man, former NFL player, devout Christian now cut off from his family and connected to a strange arrest. I am going to share my journey of how it went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite. I got swept up in Kabir journey, but this was only the beginning in a story about faith and football, the search for meaning away from the gridiron and the consequences for everyone involved. You mix homesteading with guns and church and then a little bit of the spice of conspiracy theories that we liked. Voila, you got straightaway. I felt Like I was living in North Korea, but worse. If that's possible, Listen to spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week you'll get all the latest news previews, recaps and analysis delivered straight to your podcast feed by the time you get your coffee. No dumb hot takes here. Just smart hot takes. We'll talk every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in the big guns from NFL Media. That's Patrick Clayban, Steve Weiss, Nick Shook, Jordan R from the Athletic and of course Colleen Wolf. This Is their window right now. This is their Super Bowl window. Why would they trade him away? Because he would be a pivotal part of them winning that Super Bowl. I don't know why. Colleen, catch the podcast, the NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal every day. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. And who doesn't want that? Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


I made a simple suggestion. Put Derrick Henry in the eye. Yeah, either solo or with a fullback. Right? He's not a zone read guy. He doesn't need to be even with the quarterback. Right. Put him in the eye. He's an old school eyeback. Right. Put him with a full, when you see what they did when they started putting him in the eye. Yeah. And you put that ARD in front of him. Yeah. You see what happened? Yeah. He all of a sudden is 10 is 12 is 15. That's how you have to use him. The reason why you got Jared Henry Derrick Henry was not a zone read guy in Tennessee. Right. He won offensive player of the year. He rushed for 2000 yards.in the I. If you want the guy to have success like he had where you got him from, right.


You've got to use him in the way that he was used. What made you fall in love with him to bring him into your fold? Yeah. Well that that that's, that's an officer coordinator. That's an officer coordinator and I, yes. What they don't, what they don't wanna do is they don't want to go away from what they're used to. They don't want to go away from what makes Lamar Jackson comfortable. What makes Lamar Jackson comfortable is having that goddamn running back on his left hip or his right hip. Now you have to understand, you gotta manipulate things a little bit and play to the strengths of your players. Like you just said, if you know the strength of what Derrick Henry does is based on the eye and having a goddamn fullback in front of him, boom. Have some packages. Will you do just that to make him comfortable where he can play at his best and then have some, some packages or change or take Derrick Henry out and have something different in there for your other running back where you can have with Lamar be in the shotgun and have a running back on his left hip or his or his right hip.


You know, for the little RPO play action, you whatever, whatever you wanna do, you wanna give it to him. You wanna, you wanna keep it whatever you, whatever, whatever it may be. But the, the scary thing about it is, is when God damn Derrick Henry is on that right hip of that left hip and he put that ball in his belly, they gonna react and nine times outta 10 they gonna react the whoever 22 is going, I'm playing Lamar. What? Because I don't believe, Derrick, he, I don't believe Derrick Henry could hurt me from that formation. Look, I Don't believe it. Look what, look what happened at the end of the game on the last, Yeah, I'm To seal it. When Lamar kept it, he man I, well he, he faked me Out but I don't, if I'm not mistaken, I don't think DD Henry was in the game. I thought, I think 43.


Who's 43? I last, I think Justice Hill was in the game i's who was I last play with? LA got the last Yeah, the last one where he kept it and got the first down. Yeah. Okay, okay, Okay, okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, but if you see what blew the game open 45 rush attempts 274 yards. The only thing I'm surprised about, I thought Lamar Jackson would get a hundred yards off. So I knew Derrick Henry was gonna give it because they were gonna give him enough carry so he could get a hundred And. if you can't rush for when everybody else is rushed 400, it's like, hold on you. It's like you watching game tape and you see everybody else torching that corner. Hey coach, hey, he done gave up three. He done gave up four row, got a hundred yard at, Hey don't let him come in here and let us bail his ass out.


Let's make it five. Yeah. Give Derek hit. Listen John Harbaugh, look you coached and been in the league longer than I have. But don't let your pride get in your way. Yeah. Derrick Henry is a workhorse back and the more you give him the ball, the better he's going to get. Yeah. Well now I get it's hard and fans like, oh, it's hard to build a big lead like that and keep it. Yeah. Because you telling your coordinators, okay, let's not do anything. So you get ultra conservative and what happens is you get a couple of three and outs and the, the off the, the polling team offense comes on the field and all of a sudden they string together a couple of 10, 12 play drives. Now you go another three out.


Your defense tired. Your defense is tired. Yeah. I The on side kick za flies. You gotta understand that bro. When that ball's squibb like that, you can't get it from the side. No, you gotta ship. Do what you did the next time. You see what he did? He got his body all the way over there. Listen, It's like playing baseball. It's like playing ba If you are a shortstop on those, get your body, get your, get your body in front of the ball. Right. So it can get, it Can't get trying to pick it up from the side and you know, trying to get cute with it. You can't not, not, not that because it, it spin. It's like a top. Exactly. It's spinning like this and it's not gonna take, see, normally ocho, everybody used to kick it and they expected it to take that bounce. Bounce. Yeah. They don't even do that no more. It, it ain't gonna take no bounce.


It's going to keep spinning like a top. Yeah. And so, and you know, you see how shiny that ball was. That's not a ball that they rough up. Them kicking balls are different Yeah. Than the balls. They actually play with the balls they play with. They let you rough 'em up. Yeah. They let you practice with 'em and you give them to, those are different type of balls. Yeah. But I love, I love the, the, the ravens the way they, I thought they could rush. I thought they would at rush for at least two 50. They got 2 74. So I'm not surprised by that. Go back and look at the Cowboys history over the last five to six years. Yeah. Look at the games they've lost and look how the teams have run the football. This is not the first time the Ravens played 'em a couple years ago and ran for damn near 300.


Damn Cleveland. Ran for 300 Arizona, ran for damn near 300. The the Packers, the 49 ERs. That's their Achilles heel. They ain't got guy. See the cowboys are built to play with a lead. That's why you got those edge rushes. You got Michael screaming off the edge. Now when you got hole, you got something other to think about than running your ass up the field. Now you see Lamar Jackson zero sacks, they threw the ball 15 times. Think that, think about this. An N-F-L-M-V-P two times threw the ball 15 times. Yeah. You know why he threw it 15 times? Because you couldn't make him through it.


You couldn't take the ball outta Derrick Henry's belly. You couldn't take the ball outta Lamar. Jackson's belly, the Eagles didn't score in the first three quarters, but still came back without their top two wide receivers and starting offensive lineman to seal the win. Steal the win over the previously unstoppable New Orleans Saints. It's the first time the Eagles scored zero points in the first three quarters of a game and won since 2000. Jalen hurt, still struggling with turnovers faced a third and 16 in the final minutes, hit tight, tight end Dallas Goddard. I don't know what the hell the, the Saints the defense, they were playing completion set up. Saan Barkley. Go ahead. Touchdown. Philadelphia defensive line dominated the Saints offensive line. I told you the key for me when we've talked about it on Friday on first take, I said I thought Jalen Carter, I think the defensive line, I think they need to win this game.


Not Jalen hurt harassing Derrick Carter all night staffing the offense that put up 92 91 points in the first two games didn't even come close to that. Dallas Guard had the most receiving yards for a tight end in Eagle's history with 170 Ocho. What did you like about what you saw from the Eagles? Listen, not giving up, making the plays when it counted most obviously Goddard had a hell of a game. But I wanna know what the New York Giants were thinking. Again, I I hate, I hate to bring it up again. The Giants were to say, I wanna know what the, the no, the, the Giants and letting brother Quan. Oh, oh Yeah. Okay. Brother Sa had Hey Brother Saquon that had 17 for 1 47 and two tds.


Yeah. One of the reasons why the Eagles won the game today. No Devonte Smith, no AJ Brown Godard had a great game. But who takes the pressure off Jalen Hearst after the turnovers number 26? Yeah, for sure. Who puts the team on their back offensively and takes the pressure off Jalen hurts. Number 26. It was, it was a good game. They have to find a way for one to get the two star players healthy. They got the j We need, we need, we need AJ Brown. I'm talking about we, they need AJ Brown and they need Devonte Smith healthy. There's no reason with a team like that, an offensive team like that should have zero points in three quarters of football in three quarters of football.


There's no way in hell at all. But listen, the Eagles, the Eagles defense, they played some good goddamn ball today. They Dominated a line Because the Saints Saints team that we saw last week against the Cowboys, the Saints team we saw against the Cowboys last week looked nothing like that Today. Nowhere to be fo And that, that's, that's in a testament to the defense. I don't know what, I don't know what they had to eat. I don't know what the Eagle Defense had to eat, but they played some damn good ball today. I'm Did you see that interception that hurts through in the end zone? The honey badger picked off. Yeah. Ocho Yeah, that's quarter. He he, he done had, he had a few errant throws like that the past what?


Two games and all Ocho That's quarters. First of all, honey Badger nose. I, they like, he's supposed to come cross his face. That's Honey Badger. He knows he's not gonna let you cross his face. And I'm not backing up anywhere because why? I'm already at the back of the end zone. I'm coming down back the end zone. I'm not backing up. And it's like, well he's supposed to cross his face. That's 160 pound man Honey Badger. That's not some rookie db that is Honey Badger. He knows. Yeah. The only place that I can get hurt is across my face. Yes, sir. When he Jaylen hurt, stares him down, he takes off and beats.


It's the same thing to happen in the Super Bowl. Right. Seattle, let, ain't let you cross my face. Malcolm Butler. And you see he made a collision and boom, he knocked lock it off because he gets the head start. All I'm saying in that coverage at that area because Honey Badger is not gonna retreat because he's already at the back of the end zone. He knows Where is nowhere to go. He knows the only place I'm vulnerable is across my face. He can't go behind me because then he'll be out of the end zone. So where am I? See when you are a student of the game, you understand where I'm weak and where I'm strong.


I'm strong behind me. I'm weak in front of me. So what I'm not gonna let you do is cross my face. Face. Yeah. Oh man. Did you he that was aj. Well you have to understand you can't call the same route for everybody just because they can run the route. That's AJ Brown. AJ Brown two 20. Okay. It's gonna be a collision, it might be an incomplete, but if you run that with 160 pound man in Honey Badger, it's gonna be a pick. And you, you know what? That all come, that all comes down to play calling, understanding your personnel, understanding your player strengths and understanding your player's weaknesses. You don't put 160, 160 pound player receiver in that situation knowing that the chances of him making that catch and crossing someone that's seen it over and over and over as a veteran at a veteran safety, you don't put, you don't, you don't even call to plug that.


Put them in that situation. That comes down to play calling and understanding your personnel. That's It. That's all, that's all I'm saying though, y'all, I'm just saying look, that's port of coverage. Why you Yeah. And like you say, you know, that's not AJ a big receiver a to or a a Megatron or, or a Julio Jones, one of the, a Brandon Marshall. Somebody that Okay is it's gonna be a collision and it's gonna be an incomplete, but it's not gonna be an interception. Yeah. And you, you know, everybody you just named, you know, honey badge is is small. All they gonna do is big body get right in front of. Right. But see, you Get right in front of you Better look honey badge off. Because if honey a you not gonna beat him to the point.


Not if he not, if he read, you see how he read Dak last week and he beat CD to the point if, if he think, oh, now you can get it with a double move. But if you double moving where you going met because you gonna be out the stadium. He knows that I ain't going nowhere. O my my feet are right here. I'm gonna drive forward. He beat him to the, he beat him to the punch. And then they're talking about the Did you see that, that that hit on Devonte Smith? Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. They talking about that was a dirty hit. That wasn't no dirty hit. That Wasn't dirty. He still up, he stood up. Listen, as a receiver, if you know they got you wrapped up, stop fighting, make a business decision, let your body go and go down, let your body go and go down.


If you still up and you still fighting, understand the pursuit is coming from all different angle And you don't about that way he caught the ball. Danger is not that way. Danger is coming from back here. Them linemen. Yeah, exactly where you came from and what, I don't know if they still do it, but they used to hold his ass up. I'm coming. Hold him up. They trying to put as many hats on you as they possibly can On you as possible. Yeah bro. Yeah. Devonte, I understand you tough, but bro, you a buck 60, you ain't dragging nobody nowhere. All you're gonna do is subject yourself to take unnecessary hits. That guy is 300 pounds and he's coming at about 12 to 15 miles an hour.


They got you up. And he, He still too. That's even worse. It's not a dirty hit. Listen, he he gonna, he gonna learn that. You gotta make a business decision. You gotta give, give yourself up. If you know they got you wrapped up, you ain't going nowhere. You gotta give yourself up. Know when the journey is over. You gotta know when the journey's over Charlie. That that's good man. He is so tough. Okay. Okay. Hey, them D lineman hits, they they different than they different than a DB hit. Trust me. Way different. Trust me That 3 2 92 8300, that's different than 180 5, 200 and they coming to put pain.


So no, I didn't, I didn't believe that was a dirty hit. It's very unfortunate. I hope Devonte is okay, but that wa I don't, I didn't, I didn't see that as dirty. It wasn't nothing dirty about that. There was there, there was nothing, nothing dirty about that. Play Ocho. He's still fighting Now. If he gets out of there, then what Coach gonna say why you let up? So hopefully Devonte's okay, but give the Eagles credit going on the road. After a heartbreaking loss last week to the Atlanta Falcons, they go on the road beat the hottest team. That team that was playing the best the Saints had scored 91 points, had run rough shot over two teams, hold 'em to 15, hold 'em to 12 points in their building and they win by the score of 15 to 12.


The Volume


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves, join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What happens when a professional football player's career ends and the applause fades and the screaming fans move on? I am going to share my journey of how I went from Christianity to now a Hebrew Israelite For some former NFL players. A new faith provides answers. You Mix homesteading with guns and church. Voila. You got straightway. He tried to save everybody. Listen to Spiraled on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL Media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from the New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off the Edge with me. Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have the biggest NFL stars join me to give a player's perspective of the biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around the league. So tap in to Off the Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for all things football and not football. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.