
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


The Holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating Find Your. Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble. Jackson Noble Fur with pre lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments Or. the Flocked Starry light. Frazier Fur With. over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the Perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy free delivery on most holiday decor Subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery For details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the way for Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is underway with a brand new format and things are heating up Match Day six is coming up featuring some major clashes, including Doman versus Barker and NTUs versus Man City on Wednesday, December 11th, and decide which match to watch. Paramount. Plus also has you covered with the Guzo Show a whip around show with all goals from every match. Try it free today at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


This is John Miko from Three and Out with John Miko. Picture this, you're halfway through a DIY car fix tool scattered everywhere. And boom, you realize you're missing a part. It's okay because you know whatever it is. It's on eBay, they've got everything breaks, headlights, cold air, intakes, whatever you need. And it's guaranteed to fit, which means no more crossing your fingers and hoping you ordered the right thing. All the parts you need at prices you'll love. Guaranteed to fit every time. eBay things people love.


This is Teddy Mellencamp And Tamara Judge from two Ts in a pod. As a Delta skymile member, you already know how to experience the world like no one else. Now with skymile experiences, you have special access to a collection of unforgettable events from concert backstage passes and courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining wellness retreats and more. All available by using your miles. Now is your moment to unlock more once in a lifetimes and find an experience for you on delta.com/sky Miles experiences, Not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today terms apply.


The Volume.


The Emirates NBA Cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Cowboys defeated the Giants 27 to 20 Cowboys reignited the game, ground game, excuse me, securing their fourth 100 yard rush game of the season. Rico Doll led the way with a career high. 112 yards on 22 carries. It's his first hundred yard game as a professional. It's also the Cowboy's first by a player, a cowboy player since Tony Pollard in week three of 2023. Doll also responsible for cowboy's first rushing attempt of at least 20 yards this year. The star of the Cowboys was DeMarvion Overshown. He secured both of Dallas turnovers, recovering the fumble forced by Eric Kendrick and on Tyrone and Tyrone Tracy and catching his own batted pass.


And you know, he ran that back for pick six. Yeah, that was on, that was on Drew Locke. That was a good place. 'cause you see the guy right there. You go open over the top. Yeah, you don't throw it. You don't. Yeah. Hey listen, the the, the Cowboys defensively, they played very well. They played yeah, very, very well on the run pass game, man. They played, they played really well, especially at the point of attack. They were very physical upfront, not allowing the giants to have their way and impose their will. So I I I like what I saw from the Cowboys today. But can you do it against the better teams? Can you do it consistently against the teams that have winning records? That's where the issue comes into play for them. I didn't, I'm I'm hoping, I'm hoping everything is okay with CD Lamb.


I, I see he left the game maybe late second, maybe early third quarter. Something wrong with the shoulder. Third Quarter. Yeah. You know he had that bruised rotator what the AC joint? I ooh, But they ain't got nothing. Oh. That ain't got nothing to do with him dropping them damn passes now. I ain't gonna let you do that. Okay. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I ain't Finn let you do that blade that on the shoulder. Yeah, Yeah. I know what you talking you about the drag, about the drag wrap. I, I'm Talking about drop three of them. He turned into a retriever. All he did was pick the ball up and hand it to the official. His job as a receiver, his job is to catch the ball, not to retrieve the ball. Yes Sir. Yes sir. He dropped three, he had six targets. He had two catches. Malik neighbor, same thing for you bro. Yeah, y'all yapping about wanting the ball but you dropping it.


Yeah, he threw it to you. You throw it back at him. So Yeah, I saw CD get dragged down on his shoulder, but that wasn't why he's dropping those passes. That's lack of concentration. Yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. And you know, Same thing with Malik neighbors. Yeah. I I I wasn't gonna bring up the, the drop balls. But since you, why Not you got two? I know since you bought it, since you bought it to a head. Them boys know you got, you gotta catch that pill, baby. That's the, that's the money. That's your money maker. That's your money maker. That that brown, that, that brown ball they call the duke. You gotta love that. You gotta love that. You gotta love that more than you love your family. 'cause order to feed your family, you gotta catch that Duke. They, they, they, they, they gonna be all right though. We gonna, we gonna get that together.


That ain't nothing but little jug machine after practice, even in week 12. Little jug machine after practice gonna hurt. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not talking Malik Neighbors is a rookie. What that gotta do is you catching the ball. You caught the ball. If you caught the ball. That's something you been doing all your life. Ocho we're not asking him to make spectacular catches. Like when they throw you the ball in the frame of your body, catch it. Right. That's all we asking. Yeah, no, no. We don't need no Odell Becker. We don't need nothing spectacular. When they throw you the ball ocho you catch it at some point in time, you gotta realize Yeah. Everything is not meant to be a spectacular, everything is not to be a meant to be a catch and run OCHO for 40 yards. You have to understand situation.


You know what the most important thing here is to get this first down. Let me get this and get on the ground To cure. Yeah. A lot of, if you look at cd, what CD tried to do? He tried to get up to wrong. Yeah. I I I never, I ain never seen a ca I ain't never seen a catch get hit the ground first. Right. If you drop it, it ain't a catch. Yeah. I don't care how ooh, you jumping up and down. So, ooh, I'd be gone and you would've, but you're not. Right. You going, you going back to the huddle. Come on guys. I get Look, everybody, it wasn't no sun today. Ain't nobody can complain about no sun. Ocho ain't no sun. Yeah. It wasn't now.


It wasn't now it wasn't Now just, hey, a a, a small lack of concentration split second taking your eyes off the ball. But Ocho normally when you have one of those drops early, what do you do? You concentrate, you focus even more. Yeah. It seemed like cd he, he laughed concentration, he laughed even more because after that part Ocho, he didn't catch another Pass. Yeah. Cooper Rush was 21 to 36 1 9 5 1 touchdown. Like you said, they ran the ball Ocho basically about four yards of carry. They had 32 carry. That ain't bad. That ain't bad. Nah, you can live with that.


Not The greatest, but it ain't bad. Look, you can only beat who's on your schedule. We know the Giants aren't very good. Right. But we've seen the Cowboys lose games like this before also. So give them credit for keeping focused on a short week. Not still celebrating the victory in Washington coming out there handling their business today. When you get two with string two together, now you get 10. Now you get about six, five or six days off before you get ready for the next Sunday. You still look everything you, you gonna probably need to run the table ocho. What? In order to get one of the, get one of these playoff spots. Yeah. Wild card. You getting three teams outta the NFC North?


Yeah, Minnesota, green Bay and Detroit. So there's only one spot left, right? Cowboys San Francisco, Seattle, Arizona. But there's one problem. Huh? What? And that goes for all Cowboys fans in the chat. I have, this is no disrespect to y'all. Yeah. The Cowboys do need to run the table to have a, a chance at a spot. You knew. You do know they play, you do know they play the Bengals Monday night. Right. In Jerry's world. Right. Yep. Okay. I'm I'm just making sure. I'm just making sure you understand what they got, what they got coming up. Y'all defense. Y'all defense. Terrible. Y'all might do some things y'all gonna be able to block.


Can y'all block the front? Huh? Can y'all block the front? Oh yeah. We gonna, we gonna be fine. You know Joe, Joe do listen Joe, get the ball outta his hands quick anyway. And matter of fact, we going, we gonna run, we gonna establish the run first. Get them, boy, get the front tied up there. Michael Parsons gonna be frustrated. You know he gonna, he gonna get mad because the ball's gonna be coming out once. Boom, it's gone. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Cowboy fans. What y'all talking about? Y'all gonna win the division? Y'all two in one? Do y'all understand the Eagle's record? They trying, they trying to get a reaction outta you. Don't, don't, Don't. Oh, this is the delusion. This is why Jerry is how he is because he know his fans are gullible. They're dilute, they're dute.


They're gonna believe anything that he sells them and it serves them right. They Just, they just, I'll be glad, I'll be glad when it's like in like three weeks when they get put out their misery and then what they gonna say, wait the next year and I'll be right here. Guess what? Nightcap will be right here next in 25, 26, 27. Yeah. And y'all still ain't going nowhere. But look, like I said, Ocho, you could only beat who's on your schedule. Yeah. Not a, like I said, we've seen the Cowboys lose games like this before. Yes sir. They won today. Give them credit for that. I thought they ran the ball extremely well. The defense got, after Drew Lock made it very, very tough.


I mean, think about O Ocho Day. I mean they ran the ball 21 times for 116 yards. That's, Hey, that's on five yards of carry. Yeah. That's, that's enough to beat the Giants. Huh? Let's, let's, no, let's keep, let's, I'm saying, I'm saying the Giants rush for 21 for one 16. No, I'm okay. Okay. I'm saying do is it Doel that say his last name? No, no. I'm saying no. The Cowboys rushed 32 for 1 22. Right. The Giants rush 21 for one 16. But what about putting in the L? Huh? But here's the thing though. Ocho, you gave up a scooping score. I mean you gave up a pick six. A pick six, and you gave up in another fumble that result. So there you go. Right there.


That's the game. You basically played him to a standstill on offense. But when you turn the ball over you, I mean what do, what do you expect to happen? You pay double for that. You Do the last game of the night. O Joe, the package defeated the Dolphins. Hey man, I'm mad man. Ocho, I'm mad. What you mad for? Y'all been terrible. Y'all been terrible when the weather drops below 30 degrees even before you was born. That's what I'm mad about. We ain't played. Listen, even when Dan Marino was there, the dolphins, we just do not play well when it comes to cold weather. And most of the time when we make it to the playoffs, when we do have an opportunity to go to the playoffs, we always have to go somewhere where it's cold, whether it be Buffalo, every time we go to Buffalo in December, what happens every time we make it to the playoffs and have to play Buffalo?


What happens? Yeah. Every time we in cold weather, I don't know what it is. We don't, you Know what, it's, y'all done play the coldest game y'all have played in Miami is 77 degrees. The other cold game was 50 something in Buffalo. And then all of a sudden you get into the twenties and you talking about you don't know what happened. Oh, it is what's always been happening. It's, it's been our Achilles. I keep saying our, you know people in the chat. I'm from Miami, I'm from Liberty City. I was born in Dade County at Jackson Memorial Hospital. So when my team growing up as a little kid was a Miami Dolphins, you know, the Marxs brothers Marino. Anyway, but I consider myself, I always say we I don't know what it is about the cold weather unc and it's been this way.


Yes, you do. Okay. I know what it is. I know what you're trying to say. I'm just saying at what point are we gonna get over the hump where we perform just as well as we do when it's hot in the goddamn cold When you get over the hump. I don't, I don't know man. When you go learn how to drive, when you learn how to drive, I don't know what you wanna tell you. You just gotta do it Ojo. Hold on. You gotta do It. Can I drive as efficient as I can in the heat I gotta do in the snow? That's the question. No, Because it's a different type of driving in snowing conditions than it is in the summertime. You don't drive the same in, in Georgia as you do in Colorado. Right. As you do in New York, as you do in Baltimore, as you do in new upstate New York or Michigan or Philadelphia.


You don't Well, you know, when it comes to the, when it comes to playing football, it ain't no goddamn different. I done played in the cold. I done played in Nicole. I know what you doing. Cincinnati Cold. Don't, Joe, It's still the same game. Huh? It's still the same game. It's the same thing. When Cincinnati played that cold game back in the early eighties and they got San Diego and the temperature went to 59 degrees. One team is used to playing in cold weather Ocho. Y'all practicing cold weather. Yeah. I I'm not breaking news to anybody. There is a difference. Yeah. The ball, that ball is harder. It feels like a brick.


Normally the wind is blowing. So now all of a sudden the ball playing tricks on it. Yeah. Well Hell, dolphins are gonna have to figure that out. Can Excuse the ball wasn't playing tricks on the packers Because the pack is practicing that. So how you, how do you get cold? I, I want you to tell me this. How do you get cold weather in Miami so you can practice in 20 degrees? You can't, it's impossible. It's, it is impossible to emulate it. It's impossible Because lemme ask you a question be I I I don't know how y'all used to do it, but when they had turf fields, we would go inside the dome and practice on turf. So we get used because you run different on turf than you do grass. Grass. Yeah, I know what Yeah.


And you and on turf, you much got damn faster too. I don't know about all that. I know my knees hurt, my hips hurt and my back hurt from running that hard ass. It Yeah. Hold up. What about falling? Yeah, But it was, it was concrete. It ain't like the, the, the stuff the field tur they got now. Yeah. That was concrete. Concrete. Yeah. With with car, with car, with a lay of carpet on it. Man. Playing in the old vet Cincinnati was terrible too. Yeah. Yeah. The Kansas City was terrible too. Yeah, I heard about them. State playing in the old Astrodome was awful also. Yeah. Like I said, there were no field tour when I first everything, you know, they had artificial turf.


Kansas City, Cincinnati, the Astrodome. Who the vet. The vet was the worst. The vet was the worst. That was the worst stadium every year it was voted the worst, the worst stadium. Right. I'm trying to think the, I think soldier, the soldier field, I think Soldier Field had turf early on and they, they, they, they went to grass later if I'm not Mistaken. They went to grass. Yeah. But they elcho they're just gonna have to find a way to get past that. They, they, they're gonna have to two was 37 to 46, 3 55, 365, 2 touchdown. Really got lucky on one. That ball popped up. You know, normally like that one of John Smith.


Yeah. He hit John new and Yeah. Got a great jump on the ball. Yeah. But you know, normally that ball pop there like that, don't you? He Going the other way. It's a pick. It's a pick. A pick. But give Tyreek credit, he kept his, he followed through, kept his head in the game. I mean, what they have almost 400 yards of offense. Yeah. I don't know how much I take to that OCHO because they had to throw, they throw in the whole game, their behind for the most part by three scores the entire night. Right. So, but they've gotta find a way Ocho they gotta start faster than these cold games because you know, like when you, it's in it's psychological ocho, right? Right.


You go in the cold weather game and all of a sudden you find yourself down Ocho, you're down two scores, you're down three scores and it get colder. Then you gotta think you got, you think the muff the muff punt. Yeah. They recover already, already in territory. They score. So they go up and you put yourself behind the eight ball, you put yourself behind the eight ball and now you're playing from behind right away. Not giving the stuff a chance against a really good team, a very good Green Bay package team that don't make it no easier. Yeah.


John New Smith has put together his last, his last month has been really, really impressive. He's had a couple hundred yard games. They getting involved, couple games he scored to Get him involved. Yeah. Yeah. I always thought, I thought he was good. You know, they kind of used him as a, a, a blocker when he was in Tennessee and then I think he went to New England and Tom Brady wasn't there. So they don't know how to use the tight end. Like Brady knew how to use the tight end. But again, Jordan Love was, was sensational throwing the ball. 21 of 28, 2 7, 4 2 touchdown. Kraft was involved. Watson Reed, he didn't have very many, you know, target. I mean he had six three catchers, 24 yards, two touchdown.


But you know, one thing about the fact they got a bunch of young good rival receivers, man, Young boys man. And you know who they remind you of. You know who they Green Bay drafted receiver remind you of the Steelers. You remember Steelers had that running, they still do drafting receivers. Right. You know, you had Antonio Brown, Manuel Sanders Sanders, you have Mike Wallace. Mike Wallace, yes. Yes. Yeah. Young. All those, all those guys. You know, you had Han Hines, you had Randall L and you had Black and you had San Antonio Holmes. Yeah. It's just like a pipeline Line. Receivers. Y You know what's so funny? The Packers receivers so young. I call it, I call it, they, they like a, they like a fraternity.


It's like they still in college. A bunch of college boys just happened to be playing in the NFL on the same goddamn team. That's how young them boys. That's, that's what they remind me of. A bunch of frat boys playing receiver for the Packers. Yep. But the dolphins on your, if they really, like I said, and that's the thing that concern me and that's why can't take them serious because they're not gonna have home field and you're gonna have to go someplace. It's cold in Kansas City in January. Oh yeah. It's cold in Buffalo in January. Oh yeah. It's cold in Baltimore in January. It's cold in Pittsburgh in January. So any possible place that they can be, if Cincinnati is Cincinnati, I mean, whatever the case may be, it's cold. Yeah. In the places that it could po that they could possibly have to go have to play.


Yeah. And so that's what's concerning to me. That's what's really concerning to me. Denver, if Denver, you know, Denver look like they're gonna possibly, possibly be a wild card. It get, it gets cold in Denver. Trust me. Oh yeah. I played 12 years there in January. It's cold as hell. Yeah. And so that's the thing, Ocho that's why it's hard for me to take them serious when people say, are they, are they, can they be a contender? Right. Yeah. If they were, if they were, if they had Kansas City's record and they or Buffalo's record with a chance to get home field throughout the Layoff. Right, right. But having to go on the road. Yeah. You know, there's a reason why they've only, you know, and I think probably when they, when they went to the Super Bowl back in the seventies, they probably had home field and it forced Pittsburgh or one of the other a FC teams, maybe whomever they faced, you had to come there.


Right. But all I know is that since I've been old enough to watch Dolphins play, anytime they had to go to Buffalo or they had to go to a cold weather Denver or cold weather Kansas City, they ain't coming out there with no victory. Oh, I remember. You ain't got you. They're not coming out there with no victory. I remember watching as a kid. It was, it was the same way. Yeah. So, Damn. Look, I think the Cowboys gonna rate, Okay, now I'm gonna say that I think about it. That was a, a good slate of games today.


I mean The, the Giants and the Cowboys ain't no good slate of games on Joe Shop game. Okay. Maybe the, not the Cowboy and Giants. But I enjoyed the Packers game, obviously on the end of the Packers and the cheese heads because they, the way they looked. But that goddamn Chicago Bears the Lions game. Oh, that was exciting. I thought the Lions was get was getting ready to run away with it for a minute. Yeah. The opportunity to run away and, and really extend that lead in that second quarter. But after halftime, the Bears made it interesting. Now They did. I think the thing that really hurt them, they looked like they was about to go put seven or worst case scenario three on the board when GI fumbled. Yeah. Now, Oh, it would've been over. It would've been over.


Right. Yeah. Now all of a sudden it's a 23 3 ball game. Bingo. But give the bear what I liked about the bears, they came out of the half OCHO and they needed to touchdown in the worst way they needed that. Yeah. Because if they don't get a touchdown there, Detroit gets the ball. Detroit goes down, they got a touchdown. And so now you are already behind and you had the ball for six, seven minutes and you didn't have anything to show for it. Right. I I, the, the bears showed me some resiliency. But that bone head played by the coach. Yeah. That's an unforgivable ocho. Oh yeah. Because he is had too many of them. He's had too many of them. Ocho Yeah.


Deebo Samuel responds to the idea that Kyle Shannon has, should be on the hot seat Super Bowl NFC championship year after that NFC championship again last year. Super Bowl. Why are you saying he's on the hot seat? He doesn't understand how the business works. But just hearing, hearing the fact that Shanahan is even on the hot seat, we talk about one that's gonna be sought after from every other team. I wish you would let someone like Shanahan go and allow his staff and that offense to go somewhere else. Especially go somewhere else that has a, has a quarterback, have a decent quarterback at that, then he going to build the same exact thing with that same exact offense. Give him the quarterback. Did he just sign an extension? Yeah. Didn't he just sign an extension last year?


I don't mean nothing. Well, in this business, oh, you know, when something like this comes out, you know it's coming from inside the house. Right. You hear me? The call is coming from inside the house when stuff like this comes out. How Many years was it? Because he had like a year left on the contract. So he signed a five year extension. 'cause he had like a six year, a six or seven year deal to begin with. Yeah. Man. You know, you know, you know how this NFL is. So this So who took Yeah, what he make it? Eight, nine a year? Because he had a, he had a contract that was about like six years.


42 million. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Right. Rightfully so though. Rightfully so. Ocho 14 a year. Yeah. Right. Rightfully so. So you do realize, you do realize Ocho like when you get rid of the head coach, his whole staff, he ain't got, he ain't got guys on one year deals. Yeah. He signed through 2027. Right? 25, 26, 27. So that's three years. That's 42 million. I don't think he's on the hot seat considering he just, the man just came off the Super Bowl. Oh, I, I I know, but you know how you, you know how f how fickle the NFL is.


You know how fickle off, that's Not, that's not, that's not New York family. They don't operate like that. But then it wouldn't, it wouldn't be out that something like this wouldn't even leak. You heard me where there's, where there's smoke, where there's smoke, there's fire. Stuff like this comes from inside the house. Always. Well it ain't coming from John Lynch because John Lynch got the job because of Kyle Shanahan. So who is it? Jed? Ned York Ain't No telling Jed York. Ain't no telling. Hey. Well good luck with that one. He'd be unemployed. He'd be unemployed. All of like one hour Shoot. One hour 30 minutes. 30 minutes if that. Yeah.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get Up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com back slash policy.


See Congratulations to CBS sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional awards by T-Mobile for business. In a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom-built T-Mobile private five G network. To power the live production. They deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network's speed. Combined with Sony's innovative ultra low latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption.


With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking These days, being an adult can feel more overwhelming than it does fun. Any kids out there willing to trade places no worth a shot. But you know, who can rekindle the magic of childhood? Apple and Eve Juice? We were the first to put juice in a box and 50 years later, we're still packing the joy. Our fresh, delicious fruit taste transports you right back to the goodness of childhood.


Where afternoons of water balloon fights and rollerblading were made even sweeter by a refreshing sip of juice. And with refreshing juice blends bursting with flavor. It's as good for your kids today as it was back then when joy was yours for the taking. So when the grind dulls your shine, tap your inner child to reclaim it. Sing your heart out in carpool. Play hide and seek in the supermarket. Relive those joyful moments with your kids by shopping Apple and Eve at a store near you. Apple and Eve. Let's kid ourselves With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone.


For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped being bitten by zombies. Which is also different to Jerome's. His eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from ha ha to to ha. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits


Attention. Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day. No training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory. Ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last and make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun offering the biggest steal of the year. Save up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


Oh Ocho details have emerged of Bryce Underwood flip to Michigan. Oracle Larry Ellison pointed up the reported $12 million. Dave Portnoy gave him a marketing deal with Barstool. Tom Brady had numerous conversations with him. This is how the cra this is now the crazy its recruitment story of all time. Is NIL headed to a dangerous territory? No. Larry Ellison is the second, second most wealthiest man in the world. Yeah. Behind Elon Musk. Yeah. I mean, no, it's not handed headed to dangerous territory. Listen, you gotta evolve. You gotta evolve with the times. Listen, these are the times that we're in right now similar to that of the NFL.


It's become a business. It's just become a business now at the collegiate level. A time where before you remember college players on, they was having to steal, they were having to steal just to eat. They was having to steal just to put clothes on their back. Now they have an opportunity as young men to earn a living. Especially those that might not make it to the election level for those that might not make it to the next level. And that, that that's all it comes down to. That's all it comes down to. But How many, how many, how many, how many, how many universities got a Larry Ellison as a booster? I mean, not, not very many. Not very many. But that, that's not, that's not Fault. He's the second. None of them. None of them. 'cause he's the second wealthiest man in the world. So ain't none of them got Larry Ellison. Yeah, but if that, if that's the case, then everybody in they mama go to Michigan.


But that's not, that's not the case. NIL has even the playing field for all schools. But what, what happened? They were paying players too, but the teams that had the most money, what did they keep up end up doing? Getting the best players. Thank you. So now whoever has the most money, who gonna get the best player? So guess what, you going to flip it again? You gonna be right back to square one. What you said, what? You said you didn't wanna be Ocho I, yeah. I don. I don't know. I don't think it's going, it's gonna work like that. Even even with someone like Larry Ellison that's a part of Michigan. I don't, I still don't think Michigan is a place where people are going to go, you know what, I'm going to Michigan because Larry, Larry Ellison's gonna pay me. No, no Ocho what kid, what kid is gonna turn down 12?


And this was 12. Hell, it might be 20. Every kid coming out ain't gonna be worthy of no 12. So we can, we can start, start There. But, but here, here's the Thing. Come on now. Every kid ain't gonna be a five star or one of the most sought after players in college. Right? Right. Yeah. It's a listen, it's, it's what? Dime a dozen now. Dime a dozen. Every so often a quarterback that's special like that to be able to command and warrant that kind of money is gonna come. They not, they not falling out the trees like that. They gonna end up I understand what you mean Because now he got a 12 million and he got a marketing deal. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Man. Get, get, get everything You can boy, get everything.


Oh, I ain't got no problem with it. Yeah, I Like, but they're gonna have to, they're gonna have to listen. You're gonna have to put parameters on it. 'cause you know, when you don't put guardrails on something, it goes over the rails. Ocho it goes off the cliff. I don't like, I don't like the parameters. You got to Why? Because you can't have it like the, it has to be organized. It has to be regulated. But why We, we, it's the same thing. We, We, we don't regulate the universities and how much they able to to make off the players. We don't regulate them doing that. Now the players have opportunity to make money off their likeness. Now we wanna regulate it. Nah, It's the, it's the same thing with alcohol. What happened when marijuana, when they found out a way to tax it, what did they do?


Ocho? They legalized it. Come on. Thank you. See I was just waiting for You to say it. But listen, But they had to be, they had to be regulations. No, it didn't have to be regulat. They regulated when they found a way they could monetize off of it. So wait a minute. Listen to me, stay with me real quick. Now there was a time where the players got nothing and the only person that monetized off the player's likeness was universities. Now the players are making the money and not having to give anything to the universities. Now we wanna regulate it so university so the universities can monetize again. Oh, stop saying that OCHO top players always got money.


Oh, I know what you mean. I know what you mean. A everything. Okay. Okay. You right, you right. Don't, I think, I think what's gonna happen is that Congress is gonna intervene and they're gonna say, because you know, somebody's gonna get mad. They gonna, because eventually somebody gonna get mad 'cause they lost somebody. And it's gonna be somebody powerful that has some, that has some pull. And then guess what Ocho because a lot of times how they look, the players that's making this money, how they look. Oh, I, I got you. You know what's coming. I got you. You know it's coming. I got you.


Hey, all I know is, hey, I was going here Ocho this other school over here got 6 million for me. You know what, 6 million? Do you know what? $12 million? This kid here at $12 million might be great for this kid. The rest his, he, Hey, Andy got a marketing deal. I'm live on campus. I'm gonna live on campus as long as I could because I know when my brother went to the league, Joe, he like, man, you wanna live off campus? I sure do not. Savannah State provide room and board for free. Yeah. I ain't trying to pay no folks five, 600, boy, that's money in my pocket. Right. I would go eat in the C take my ass in the cafeteria, cafeteria, eat breakfast, lunch and dinner.


I'm gonna shower and I'm gonna stay in the dorm with the, with the rest of the team. Right. And save my money. That's what I would do too. Stay right there in that dorm. Eat that dorm food. It ain't all that bad. And hey, then I'd go off every campus every once in a while. Get me a nice little meal. Mm. But oh man, please, I'm gonna leave. I'm gonna, I'm gonna leave. I'm gonna leave there with, with six and a half I'm gonna leave and a half with six and a half, 7 million in My pocket. Yep. For sure. Absolutely. I like it. But the regulations gonna come. We talk about travel again. Oh, that's old Coach. Prime goes off on Travis Hunter snub snub for the Jim Thorpe Award Chime blasted the fact that Travis Hunter not selected as a finalist for the Jim Thorpe Award saying the omission was idiotic and devalued the integrity of the war.


Highest Travis snub by the Thorpe Award. You can have my award, you can have mine back. Matter of fact, I'm going to give it mine. I ain't using it. Just sitting up there collecting dust. So Travis can have my Thorpe Award because if it ain't the most idiotic thing in college football, if it's, he's not a finalist for the Jim Thorpe award. And and he and he is, I would say arguably, but I don't think I really argue with him about the young man being the best defensive back in college football. It, it just looks bad. Ocho Yeah. The kid win the Heisman, the Heisman Trophy. He is a defensive back. Right. He's also a receiver. And you mean to tell me he's not one of the best three dbs in the country.


We Already know He is actually, we know he's the best db and that's why Prime planted that seed maybe two or three weeks ago when he was in front of the media and understanding how they were gonna play games. How they were gonna play games based on how they feel about him allowing their disdain and disgust for him personally to affect the success of the players on the team that are deserving of the accolades and what they've done this year. And being the best player offensively and defensively on the field. He's already said it. So again, everything is coming to a head that he knew they were going to do. He knew they were gonna do this. I i i, it, it just, it doesn't make sense to me. Now he's nominated as one of the best defensive.


I think it's the Nager, the KY Award, which is the best college defensive player, but not the best. So he one of the best college defense isn't def isn't DB a defensive player? I thought I that's what I I could be wrong, ocho. I I but I thought DB was on the defensive side of football. Yeah. And because we've seen D DBS win Defensive player of the year, we saw Stefan Gilmore Prime won it. Rod Wilson won it. Yeah. Who else won it? I think Charles Woods won it. Rod Woods won it. So we've seen DBS win Defensive Player of the year, which means they were the best defensive player that year.


Okay. So you mean to tell me this man could possibly win the Heisman, he's a finalist for the McGurky Award. Yeah, but he's not a finalist for the Thorpe Award. Yeah. They don't, They, you know, they, they they make their own rules. Huh. When you're, when you're in positions of power like that and you are able to control the narrative, this is the type of stuff they pull. This is the type of stuff they're able to pull. Because you, you, I mean, come on Ojo. I mean you probably did Charles Woods to win the Thorpe Award. He probably did. Did Woody win the Thorpe Award? Because he won't. The Heisman, I'm sure he did. Yeah. Because he was the best deep as a player that year. Yeah.


Funny. I mean, the guy got Funny how it works. Yeah. So I I don't know. It just, it just seems, it just seems, it, it doesn't make sense to me that a guy could possibly win the Heisman and he plays defensive back. Right. But he's not one of the best defensive back. He could win the, he could win possibly the best defensive player of the year, but he is not the best db. So how did, I'm trying to figure out how did Miles Garrett win Defensive player of the year, but he's not one of the best defensive linemen.


They make up the rules as they go. I I was like, damn. They do what they wanna do. Clearly they're making up the rules as they go. Ocho WalletHub released the le released the latest Most Sinful Cities in America. Okay. Oh man. How y'all do this to me? OCHO number one, Las Vegas number two. Well, How does it Well, Las Vegas is Sin City. So you should already know that. Yes. What, what goes in Vegas? Houston Goes on Vegas. In Vegas. What's Number? Houston. What's number two? Number two? Los Angeles. Okay. Number three, Atlanta. But Atlanta's a jungle boy.


That's black Hollywood. Atlanta's a jungle. You got Philly, Denver, Colorado. Why all these, all these places that I live? Mm, well you got a Lot. And y'all want Ocho and they wanna know why I am how I am. Right. Right. I like, you know, say I'm, whatever you say I'm, if I wasn't, why would I say I'm, they td, me, Phoenix, Arizona, Miami, Florida. Yep. Miami Ocho. That's your home. But I don't, I don't go outside. So you got nothing to worry about Dallas, Texas in St. Louis, Missouri. I don't know what kick it off in St. Louis. True. The Lunatic Ain't nobody doing no, ain't no aid.


First of all, the ain't the Eiffel Tower. Ain't ain't nobody kissing under the ark. I don know. End. Y'all thinking. Chad. What y'all think about that man, I, I, I like the list, but I wouldn't have, Vegas is number one. I would have Houston as number one. You just said Vegas is known as Sin City. Yeah. They, they've had, How could somebody been known as Sin City? Listen, It's different though. Vegas has been Sin City for years. It's been Yes. For years. But Houston and Atlanta, it's a different world. Huh? Now we done been to Houston. Now I don't go to Houston often. I done been there maybe, maybe four times in my life. Okay. I've been, I've been to Atlanta maybe five.


I don't frequent those places often. 'cause I understand that's the devil's playground. And one thing about the devil, as much as I love God, it ain't, it don't take much to backslide when you're in the wrong situation. Okay. I know my limits. I understand my limits. So I keep myself outta areas where I can get myself in trouble. Yes. That's Ocho You think I stay inside? Plug it up. Yes. Like Clint East Woods said, every man gotta know his limitations. Everybody got advice.


Mine is the opposite of nice. Can you see me? Yeah. Hold. I Can't, it's called sight. I can't see you though. Hold on my computer. Hold on. Oh, there you go. You know I don, I don, I ain't, I can see you now. Yeah. I saw you all along. And when I, when I plugged it up, it went to, to the loading screen. Yeah. This, it's a good topic right here. Boy. You know the city. Them cities ain't nothing to play with, man. You know, you know when you get older, as you get older, you know, you understand your limits. You understand what you can and what you can't do and you don't put yourself in certain situations that, that, that can hurt you.


You know? Yeah. Yeah. You have to make a decision. Now I've been working on my discipline. I've been working on my discipline real well. Now I'm not saying I'm the best I walk with Christ, but I know if I walk through the mud, I might come out dirty. So I do my best to stay out the mud. You hear me? Yeah. You know, I know it might be raining. I know it might be raining. So I don't, I don't take my umbrella. I just stay inside the house 'cause I don't wanna get wet. You with me? I'm with you. Are You picking up what I'm putting down? Yes, I do. Okay. Come on now. Yeah. I mean, hey, Hey, listen, I'm not, I'm not the best in world. You ain't wrong when you Right. I listen, I'm not, I'm not the best in the world. I'm not perfect. I know it's 10 commandments, ain't it's 10 commandments. I might not got all 10. Right. But eight of them, I, eight of them, they gonna be, they gonna be beautiful.


So to make sure It all depends what those other two are. Hey, listen. Hey, I, hey, I had to preach, I had to preach the one over here. You know who's, who's Yeah. On the, in, in there. You know, I'm, come on now. I'm, I'm human. I'm human. Yes. One of, one of the greater things that, that, that you will always love about me is the good will always outweigh the bad. Yeah. Before you make any rational decisions like you made before, you know, I want you to always remember that the good os outweighs the bad and nothing is better than a trying man.


Well, you know, I tell what we do. Me and you gonna move to Houston. I'm gonna keep an eye on you. You keep an eye on me. Nah, That's a no go for me. I was talking to my daughter today. No, sir. I, I was like, I was like, baby, what you think about moving? She's like, daddy, Uhuh I don't want no fuck that. You know? You know. Listen, you know what I do like about Houston though. I'm not gonna sit here and lie to you. I like the move. I like the idea. I like the thought. I'm thinking about how much house you get in Houston. You get a bang for your buck. Oh. You get a, you get, oh, you, oh, you talking about the structure?


I thought you talking about another type of brick house. Oh my bad. I misunderstood you. My bad. You talking about a physical, you talking about a building? A structure. Okay. Yeah. I'll tell my, okay. Okay. I just misunderstood know that we underst say, okay, now I see what you putting down. Okay. Because for a second I'm like, okay, let me rewind, rewind. I'm gonna press pause here for a second, rewind this, and now I'm gonna hit plate. Now I get what you're saying. Okay. Okay. Yeah. I don't want no part of that. I don't want no part of that. You right Ocho. Yeah, man, Sometimes you just have to leave well enough alone. Yeah. You got to Sometimes, sometimes you just have to mi admire things from a distance.


Right. I like that Man. I see cars. I'm like, man, that's a really nice car. I just admire from a distance. I'm like, my man, this you like, yeah, you like it? I said I love it. Some you just, you just from the disc. Like damn. Yeah, but hey, Houston, Houston, Atlanta. Listen, Houston and Atlanta is like going by the car lot. Right. Going by the car. Yeah. You can see it and you know it look nice and you can enjoy it using your visuals and your peripheral vision. Yep. I don't need to go in there and test drive now. The younger me, the younger me, I'm gonna pull over and I'm gonna go in, I'm gonna talk to I'm, I'm gonna talk to the owner.


Yeah. Hey, OI, Hey, what type of financing can I get? Because I got good credit. Is it zero down, zero down and zero interest? Man, I know me. A Hey. Mm, listen. Mm. Hey man, Damn. Every time we Mr. Houston to act like, yeah, yeah. No, no sir. No, no. Absolutely not. Jordan. Like, I ain't moved, I done moved enough. You say I, don said I done moved three times in inside a year. Say I ain't moving no more.


If y'all, y'all move again. Y'all o y'all ocho. Yeah. We don't know if this is true, but this is what's reported. A woman left with a $20,000 hospital bill after a husband refused to acknowledge her on his insurance after she refused to name the son. Jr. Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. Bring that to me one more time. I guess she was supposed to name the son Jr. He was expecting her to name the son Jr. But because she didn't, he removed her from his insurance. And so now she has a $20,000 insurance bill. I don't even blame him. What you mean you don't blame him?


I don't even blame him. Now you having my first son. You, you having my child, you having my boy and my lineage, my family lineage on my first child. He's not a junior. Like what are you doing? You ain't got no Chad Jr. Oh, Chad Jr. Arizona State. Remember? Oh, okay. He A senior. Yeah. See you. Yeah. Come on now. Oh yeah. You know, and just come on now. That, that just, that that, that goes without saying. Matter of fact, the wife of the Mrs in this case, in this scenario, she should want that for her son. But no, no. What she wants to do it her way and what she envisions.


Hey, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's, that's what's right. That's about doing what's right. My daddy wanna name me The man you're having a child from allowing him to have his junior. That ain't answer so Much. Do I look like a junior? You Yeah. My daddy wanna name me Junior so bad. My mama say not, not this one. No. Damn. No. My mama play that. My mama. Man. Look girl, man, my mama, she got too much of my granddaddy to her. My mom ran it. My mom did what? She named all of us. Yeah. All he have no say not one name he picked out.


Right. So, so here it is. Right. Sherra, Sterling and Shannon. That's it there. It's, That's it. That's it. And I look, I look exactly like my dad. I'm talking about the only difference is my dad had an, had an afro, had a, had a fro. Yay. Hey, you, you should throw your pro out Man. You crazy man. My grandfather rolled over in the grave. Absolutely not. Absolutely not. I mean, this is, I mean, people wouldn't even write that. Like, huh. I wouldn't even know how to, I wouldn't even know how I look if my hair would've growth.


Yeah. Hey, check. I ain't Gonna grow. No. Somebody, somebody make, do a ai somebody AI with a pro man. I mean I Baltimore the longest I ever went without a haircut. I went October, let's see, October, November, December, January. I went like four months without getting a haircut. Why? Because y'all was losing. We were losing. I knew it. I knew it. I knew you was gonna say that. We started losing. And then at the barber came back, I brought my barber up from Atlanta. So he started cutting my hair, but, and we lost. And I was like, nah, you can't come back. He, I said, you come back. I mean, I let him come back. 'cause he was from Harrisburg.


Right. Which is Richard like 40 miles from, from Baltimore. And so I would let him come up. You know, he, I'd get him a rental car. He would, Hey, you need you. Hey, nope, I don't want no cut. He bring his slippers just in case. Right. He'd drive, he'd drive to Harrisburg, he'd come back for the game, drive to the airport. That was it. So I went from like middle of October all the way to the end of January before I got a haircut. Nah, I'm very, I'm very superstitious. I like that. Oh No. Nah, nah. My grandfather, no, my grandfather didn't, ain't play that. He the long hair. My grandfather had a part. Me and my brother had parts. No. All right. Get alright ojo. Get a boosty fade.


No, This is what I got. I gotta look for, you know I gotta get a cut tomorrow. I gotta call the guy. See could he cut me up tomorrow? Because you know What's tomorrow? What's tomorrow? Friday. I know, but where you going? I ain't going nowhere. Going to hell if I don't start praying more. So what you Get haircut? Where you getting haircut for? If you ain't going nowhere, I damn, I can't get no haircut. I mean, just you getting a haircut just to get a haircut for no reason. And you ain't got nowhere to go? No. Oh. I mean, I mean I normally get a haircut twice a week. Damn. Yeah. Your shit grow fast. It does. But you know, I like to look presentable. So For whom? You never know.


I might, I might move. I might all of a sudden I might move to Houston, don't let y'all know I might be doing the show remote. But listen, if you, if you, if if you move to Houston, I, I I, if you move to Houston, I, I moved to Houston too. Huh? You move to Houston? I move to Houston too. You ain't moving No, Houston. I'm not, I'm not moving. Okay. Well, I I'm not moving to Houston. I ain't moving either. Then I underst Joe. I know Shannon. I know me. I know me better than anybody. Right, right, right, right. I'm not putting myself into that. Right, right. Then please.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from Pets Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pets Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get Up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets. Best Insurance Services LLC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Congratulations to CB s Sports and Sony Electronics for their first place wins for innovation in industry. At this year's Unconventional Awards by T-Mobile for Business. In a collaboration that was clearly built on breaking new ground CBS and Sony created a first of its kind broadcast for the PGA championship using a custom built T-Mobile private five G network. To power the live production, they deployed a 5G wireless camera system throughout the event. The network speed, combined with Sony's innovative ultralow latency video codec allowed for seamless high quality footage without disruption.


With that innovative approach, CBS gave broadcasters the tools they need to do what they do best, take their coverage to entirely new places. These innovations will shape the way live sports are covered moving forward. And for that T-Mobile congratulates, Sony and CBS for their unconventional thinking. These days, being an adult can feel more overwhelming than it does fun. Any kids out there willing to trade places no worth a shot. But you know, who can rekindle the magic of childhood? Apple and Eve Juice. We were the first to put juice in a box, and 50 years later, we're still packing the joy. Our fresh, delicious fruit taste transports you right back to the goodness of childhood, where afternoons of water balloon fights and rollerblading were made even sweeter by a refreshing sip of juice.


And with refreshing juice blends bursting with flavor. It's as good for your kids today as it was back then when joy was yours for the taking. So when the grind dolls your shine, tap your inner child to reclaim it. Sing your heart out in carpool. Play hide and seek in the supermarket. Relive those joyful moments with your kids by shopping Apple and Eve at a store near you. Apple and Eve. Let's kid ourselves With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Olivia's after learning, she has quite a lot in common with a ninth century. Viking is different to Luna's, who after the old man narrowly escaped, being bitten by zombies, which is also different to Jerome's.


Haha, his eureka moment on finding the perfect new quote for his dating profile from to to Amazon. Books that reading, feeling awaits


Attention. Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets Guardian Bikes apart designed especially for stability? They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times wire cutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


That's time for our last segment. Q and a Q and a. Who play tomorrow? Who play tomorrow? Huh? Oh, the Ravens play. Philly is the big game tomorrow. I mean, not tomorrow. Kansas City played the Raiders. The Raiders. Okay. But I, I I thought I'm thinking the day Saturday. Okay. Black, black Friday game is the Raiders Go to the Chiefs. Hey, hold On, hold on. Speaking of Black Friday, you gonna shopping tomorrow? It starts, it starts to Shelly might, Shelly might shop. It started to, it started to this morning, right? Or am I tripping? I got it wrong. No, It's black Friday. Today. Thursday. I'm saying it start five in the morning. Today.


It might start at midnight. Yeah. I think I'm I'm, go ahead. I'm gonna go ahead. I'm gonna go ahead. Well, yeah, if you can shop on 80 four.com. I mean, we got Black Friday sales. Oh yeah. Yeah. Hey, make sure y'all go on 80 four.com man. Get what you need. Get what you need. Yeah, I'm going to target after this. Then Colorado plays tomorrow. Colorado plays Oklahoma State tomorrow On a Friday? Yeah. Okay. I like that. They normally would play, they normally would play Nebraska. That used to be the game. Colorado, Nebraska. Right. The day after Thanksgiving. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, we got, we got, we got some good games then. Yeah, they do. We do. We do. I mean the, the, the Kansas City game, but I think that's an early game. What time did that game come on?


Three Kansas City. Oh, okay. Damn, that's early. Yeah. Oh, you know what time yet? After the Colorado game, 9:00 AM Damn. Who playing 9:00 AM Colorado played 9:00 AM West Coast Time, which will be 11:00 AM their time. Oh, Okay. Okay. Okay. So for me, what time did that be? 10. 10. Because their mountain. Their mountain. Their mountain. Yeah.


So that's 12 o'clock here. Okay. Five. We're only at 5:00 PM Pacific. 8:00 AM eight. PM Eastern. Okay. All right. Don't you, it's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time. Evening. It's time for q and eight. We already need it. Yeah, we run it again. PH speaks at Thanks Nightcap. This is amazing for these athletes to commit on Nightcap. Let's go UNC Ocho. Yes. And thank you Coach Prime for making this happen. We appreciate that.


Anytime we can assist, we greatly, greatly appreciate that. Thank you to all the young men that made their announcement here on Nightcap. We appreciate that. We support you and we'll be following you down the road. Ka, whatever your name is, we 4, 4, 4. Like Wendy's meal. I'm taken. He's a Colorado fan. Yes. Yes. Josh Gates. How do you like the new Bears play? Caller Caleb have been playing better. He has, but he sometimes you can't outplay bad coaching. Yeah. Yeah. Ooh, that's a good one. And then listen, if you do, if you do, if you do outplay bad coaching, that mean you have to go off script from what you're being told to do.


No, he's making some throws. Guys are making plays for him. Keenan Allen Kean. Keenan Allen ran a whip zr. Hey, that shit was beautiful. Unc. Wait, listen. Stop. Can you Stop? First of all, You gotta Against that. Huh? They need to hang that in the Lavo Laver re re whatever the museum called the the Louv is the Louvre. That shit was beautiful. Yes. But here's the thing though. Ocho, unless pressure gets there, there's no way you could defend that. Yeah, Because okay, if you on the whip and now once he gives you the Zorro, like he's going back out, you gonna go, You gotta go. You gotta Go. You got to. Yeah, because you don't want him to option away from you. Now you bite and now he takes off again.


Yeah. And they got him dead. Right? They got him in man coverage. They run somebody through the zone to take the linebacker with him. And now it's one-on-one and the guy's already outside. So he's outside. You run the whip, you, you pause it, you fake like you gotta go back out. He hesitates and now you take off Every time. That's a, that's a route that's gonna win. 10 out 10. 10 outta 10. I'll give a damn who the DB is. Yeah. Unless pressure gets there, you're not stopping that ride. Brian did say, what's up uncle Ocho, let's go. My lines. We had, we had about four or or five defensive players leave game due to early injuries. Tough next two game also. What a terrible first half challenge for the bears. Plus the rest were terrible today. 11 and one.


Yeah, you guys are, you had a couple of linebackers. I think Campbell ended up leaving the game. One of your linebackers, your starting linebackers already out of the game, man. That's secondary man. That's secondary was getting killed. Yeah. Who do you, oh, okay. Yeah, you put it back up in there. Sometimes you have to overcome that. Sometimes you have to overcome, when calls don't go your way, you know you're not having the best outing. You just have to find a way to win ball games. They're really good teams can find a way to win ball games.


Right? Asked about the lions run a bad luck within the defensive front. Seven. Dan Campbell said, had the expected response. Let me ask you, does it really matter? Like who cares? That's what I go back to. It doesn't matter. Either it is or it isn't. Right? We gotta get guys back. We don't get a guy back and worrying about that and moaning about it and B-B-I-T-C Hing about it is like he calls, right? It is like call. I know whoever's available is available. We're not gonna get ready to play. We expect them to hold the line, period. You've got to do your job and everybody around you is looking for you to do your job. I like the matter of factness. I like it. But Dan, you and I both know at some point in time you keep running outta next guys.


Oh Yeah. You might get that. You might get away with one or two next guys, next guy up. You start getting 4, 5, 6, 7 next. But I, but I like that mentality because Dan Campbell is not an excuse guy. He doesn't give his guys guys an excuse because a lot of times coach like, Hey guys, we got, you know, Hey, we little under man. No, we ain't under man. Next man up, baby Isaiah Lancaster, uncle Ocho, do you trust Jalen, hers or Jerry Go If both teams meet in the NFC championship game. Ooh, that's A good one. It all comes down. That's a very good one. It all comes down to decision making.


I've seen, I've seen Jared Golf throw five in the seventh in the game. Yep. I've seen Jalen Herz throw five in the seventh in the game. So I, Sequan Barkley can take some of the pressure off of, off of goddamn Daniel hurts, so he doesn't have to put the ball in harm's way. But again, Jamir Gibbs and got Montgomery, right? Montgomery can also take the pressure off of Jerry Golf. So he done put the ball in harm's way. So a game like that ain't no telling him what's going to happen. The team that makes the fewest mistakes wins that game Based on the way the Eagles front has been playing. Now both teams are built front to back, great offensive line back towards the running back quarterback.


Great defensive line moving backwards. Philly, great defensive line, moving backwards. Offensive line Philly moving backwards. That would be a real, that's a real heavyweight fight. Both teams have outstanding offensive line play. Sewell Zeitler Rag, now Decker, who's, who's out Outstanding. And then you go Dixon and you go Lane Johnson, you go Ma Lata obviously, you know, you hurt and Sayquan, that's gonna be, I don't think I, I don't, I I think everybody thinks that's gonna be the matchup that we're gonna end up seeing probably in the NC championship game.


Samuel Griff said, happy Thanksgiving, uncle Ocho. Did guys have any type of relationship with John Madden? What was he like behind the scenes behind what you see on the screen? Exactly, exactly. I was very fortunate enough before OCHO got I don know if Ocho ever, I don't know, you made the All Madden team. Of course I made the All Madden team 9 6 7 98, 9 3. I made it five times. And so I made, I made it six. But he was great. You know, he, you know, he, he just, he was a he regular guy, but he was, you know, he was animated behind the scenes just like he was in front of the camera.


Obviously he loved the game. He loved talking about the game. He loved getting to know the players, their personalities, kind of what made them tick. But he, he was great. I, I think I like, and when you made the all, I mean he used to have great awards. I mean, people, honestly, Ocho people look forward, more forward to making the all mad team than they did the Pro Bowl. Oh Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. He gave You got a jacket, you got a sweatshirt. I mean, I still have all the sweat. Well, the last sweatshirt I got and not when I, my year in Denver, I ended up giving it, I gave the jacket to, I think I gave the jacket to Byron Chamberlain and I gave the hoodie to, to House Carswell. So. Right. You know, I had a great relationship with my, my, my guys that were in the tight end room.


So I gave one the jacket, one the hoodie, and they used to give you trophies. You see like, like Michael Parson won that trophy in dairy Go, but they used to Ocho and them trophies was heavy. I'm talking about heavy. Their trophies weigh like 20 pounds. Yeah. They, they put, they put, they put some effort into it. Now they put some effort. Yes, Yes, yes, yes. But he was, he was great behind the scenes. I never played, I never, nah, we played, I didn't get to eat the Turkey leg because Barry Sanders got to eat the Turkey leg that day. 'cause he ran all over us. Boy, he was a real deal boy. We, we played, we played Detroit on Thanksgiving. That's all I'm gonna say. We played in the early nineties when they was on Thanksgiving.


They might lose all their games, but they was gonna beat hell outta somebody on Thanksgiving and that was us. So, nah, I didn't, I didn't get no Turkey leagues. Kyle Pay Uncle Ocho. What were your best college matchups College? That's a good one. Probably the Valley of Albany State Fam u Cookman. And I ain't, I didn't listen, I didn't even go to fam. But you have to understand my upbringing and being at the classic since 1984 until I graduated high school. That's all I knew. Then I understood about the other collegiate games that were good.


The Ohio State, the Michigans, the Oregon State, Oregon. But, but for me, that's what I, that's what, that's what I knew first from at, at the Level Fam and Bethune Cookman. That was all I knew. Yeah. I, I, I missed, I missed those days playing fam The Valley. Not, not fam, I'm talking about fam, the Valley, Albany State. Those were probably our, you know, probably our biggest rivals. You know, that's where they put that work on them though. Put that work on them. May mayhem. Matthew, do you think if Georgia wins tomorrow, there are lot for the playoffs, even if they lose the SEC Champ title game and have three losses?


Yes. I think Georgia is going, they're taking two SEC teams now. It seems like Texas is gonna be one of them because they only have that if they, if they take care of their business tomorrow. What they got Texas a and m or they be Texas and m Texas. Okay. They got Texas a and m. They win that game. They're going to the SEC, they're going Right, They're taking two teams from the SEC. Oh yeah. Most definitely. Period. Most definitely can Can I take, They're probably gonna take, they're gonna take two teams. Can I Maybe three from the big 10 10. Can I tell you why? Why? Oh yeah. Georgia draw. That's why they like, they hoping somebody fault you so they can get Alabama in there too.


But they take it, they take it. They, Hey, because y'all getting all the other teams. Them teams don't travel like that. Y'all don't travel football. King in the south. They gonna travel. Bama gonna travel. Texas gonna travel. Georgia gonna travel. We sure Oregon gonna travel. We sure Boise State gonna travel. We sure Indiana gonna travel. Are we sure. ocho, Alec Agan, Ocho. Love you guys speaking into existence. Y'all will be doing Playby play commentator with NFL games. Go to Netflix and we'll be due to featured on Madden video games. Now that ain't that Ocho might, Ocho might wanna call games. I want no part of calling games. Yeah, I don't want that kind of prep. Yeah, I'm, I'm call I'm calling the game when the Chiefs, the Chiefs and Thetans play on the 21st of December, if I'm not mistaken.


So I'm gonna have my first hand in the booth, you know, calling in the game, play by play. I like to thank Peacock and, and Madden for the opportunity to continue to di diversify my portfolio and allow my list of jobs to now reach a staggering number of 879 and 11 jobs, you know, in season. So I'm grateful, I'm blessed. My cup is runeth over and again, I'm thankful for the opportunity and all of you. Make sure you tune in December 21st. Houston Texans, Kansas City, Madden Peacock, your boys in the booth. Make sure you check it out and I promise you I'm not gonna curse.


That concludes this edition of Nightcap. Thank you guys for joining us. Green Bay Packers 30 Miami 17, the Dallas Cowboys 27. The Giants 20 and the Detroit Alliance run their record to 11 and one with a 20 20 23 20 win over the Bears after a snafu by Matt Bel Flues, who doesn't call the timeout. And with 33 seconds on the clock, they only run one play and they don't get in position to kick a field goal. And they, and, and that seems to be the thing that overshadowed the entirety of the game. Even Caleb Williams playing sensational in the second half was overshadowed by that situational mishap by the bears.


Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite UNC Shannon Shark. He is Liberty City's own Bing, A ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's shadowed your Cinco Johnson. But just call him Mocho. Please hit that subscribe button. Please hit that like button. Tell family, friends, and loved ones. Hey, come watch us without Nightcap. They're on tomorrow, Friday night, Saturday night, Sunday night, and Monday. Check out Nightcap. You'll love these guys. Guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from, and thank you for your continued support. Thank you for joining us tonight. I know you had a busy day today with family, friends, and loved ones, but to give us a few moments of your time tonight, we greatly appreciate that.


Go check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock just in time to get it shipped to you for the holidays because we believe your holidays should be festive and celebratory. So if you can't find it, any city or state near you, order it and we'll get it right to you. One more thing, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platform. Shehe Media, my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We dropped to have a big release last month and our Black Friday sale just launched items of Up to 50% off shirts of $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off. All tees and hoodies are back in stock. Nightcap, pub Sheha and 84, everything is in stock and we do have beanies and sleeves that put the drink in.


Quantities are limited, so make sure you grab yours while supplies last. We got and, and we gotta drop coming tomorrow. Why do I don't know why I don't know about the drop. Wait, what Drop you got? What drop you got? So I can order my shit? I don't know. Don't start me lying Ocho. 'cause I don't know. I'm just finding out about right now. Well, I, I need, I need to drop early so I could wear it. Good luck with that Ocho. I been saying the same thing. London Merritt, Alec McPherson, Quentin Gibson and Cardi Boss man, Smitty Smith all tonight declared that they're headed to the Colorado cu to join Coach Prime and his staff up there.


So congratulations to those young men that made the announcement here on Nightcap. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Thank you guys for joining us. I'm up. He's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow at eight PM Eastern 5:00 PM Pacific First The Volume.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere, rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles, including romantic autobiographies, true Crime, and More. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon Music app now to start listening terms apply.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You Feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


You're at a bar looking for a new beer. When you smell a citrusy aroma, it smells like sunshine and oranges. You see the bartender pouring a beer that looks refreshing. Only one problem. You have no clue how to pronounce the name. J Is that even English? The bartender is now heading your way as you're about to order nice cold ly, you hear. Can I get a highlight? Highlight the best beer you probably can't pronounce


At Amica Insurance. We know it's more than a life policy. It's about the promise and the responsibility that comes with being a new parent, being there day and night, and building a plan for tomorrow. Today for the ones you'll always look out for. Trust, Amica Life Insurance, Amika Empathy is our best policy.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It Can be pretty stressful. Now, imagine Odoo ODU has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's OD oh.com.