
If, you love iPhone, you'll love Apple Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus, you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card. Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA salt Lake City branch member FDIC terms and more@applecard.com.


Now trending fall and DSWs here with all the obsession worthy shoe trends you need in your closet. Feeling fierce DSWs got bold snake print boots and a retro sneaker with animal print details going for demure kitten heels are the eye catching yet walkable heel all over your feed and all over DSW From edgy moto boots to sweetly simple ballet flats. Find the must own shoe trends of the season right now at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree, you've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it, to be so light on your ear. It's like a dream. For more. Check out bs.com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The Chiefs headed to the bye week five and oh after a 26 13 victory over the New Orleans Saints. They're undefeated in their quest to be the first team in NFL history to win three straight Super Bowl. Yeah, the ch the Chiefs received some good news today. Ocho regarding Rashid Rice status, Ian Rappaport reported that rice's LCL may be the only ligament that needs to be repaired. Chef reported is unlikely Chiefs Rashid Rice will play again this season, but doctors will not know for sure until they do the surgery. He's going under anesthesia. They're gonna look around and see what they find and what they repair. Will, will determine the extent of the injury and how much downtime.


What should the chief do? Tyreek. Hey Miami, y'all wanna trade us Tyreek back? I'm going to Tyreek first because he knows, Hey, That's, I like it, but they don't need to. I put that Out there not based off what I saw tonight. Not based off what I saw tonight. You, you, you don't need to. Oh No, no. That's not good enough. O that's not good enough. I don't know if you'll beat the Ravens again without Well, well, they only got Xavier worthy. See, Tyreek is that fear Factor you already got from Fear Factor. Hey, I want, I want No, see he's scared. He he ain't the boogieman. He ain't, I want the boogieman. I want you afraid to come outside.


I want you see, Hey man, you, you got didn't even Think about it. Could you imagine it to I old Juju? Now think about when Hollywood Brown. Hollywood Brown come back. Think about if they did get Tyre. Think about and Xavier worthy at the same time. Come on man. So matter of fact, you know what, if Tyreek was to come back, just say hypothetically speaking, that's what I need. How about we just hand him the goddamn Lombardi? Now You okay Because you, you not, you're not stopping that. You not, you're not stopping that. I don't think there's a defense or a scheme or a team that has put together well enough has the personnel to stop something like that. No.


No. So you reach out to you, reach out to Miami, see if they're interested with Tyreek, then I'll probably go same, The same man. You trying to create a I don't look, me personally, I don't. Huh? But here's the but no, I'm just saying all that Ocho closed mouth don't get fed. Now Jerry said he thought Derrick Henry was too expensive. But did he See that's like you going, you going to the, you going to the club or something and that fine girl over there, man, she probably got somebody. But listen, if you see that fine girl over there, I, you'd never forget the game of soccer. Just because there's a goalie net doesn't mean you can't score.


Exactly. So go over there and ask her. Guess what? She might be on the out. They, they might have just broke up. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He abouta did some floss. You gotta be, listen, that's one thing about it. She wanna look Back, back at that. Look back. And she probably, matter fact, all You Can do is Tell me no, she probably tell, Man, you know how many times I've been told no, I I wanna hear her say it though. You like That? You Don tell you No, No, I'm not. No, no, no. Do you know how many times I was told no that I ain't gonna be ish.


That I ain't gonna do nothing. And if you go, you go to college, you ain't gonna do, you ain't gonna do what you did in high school. Right? Right, right, right. And if you go to the NLI done been told no, I Don ain't thing to me. But guess what she say? Yeah man, I be a man. I be clicking my heels like Dorothy. Yeah. Rumor surrounding Devonte Adams and talks of him being traded away from Las Vegas or ramping up according to K Adams, he will not be on our show Tuesday as originally scheduled. She tweeted, oh boy. Lot's happening at the moment with our guy Adams. He won't be on tomorrow. Sorry about that. Stay tuned today, Adam, she, to name the Jets, the Saints are the most likely landing spots for Devonte Adams services.


I mean, it, it makes the most sense in the most sense. We, we know why the Saints, but I don't think the best fit for him would be the Saints being that they have their targets already. You and, and Rasheed Shahid. But what makes sense to me to help boasted it offense over in New York is Aaron Rogers. I mean, it just, it it makes the most sense, you know? And I think if he is to come, I think he will restructure in, in, in promising that he'll be there. Obviously more than more, more than one year. Because I think Aaron will probably come back another year as well because 'cause of the injury that the previous year. But just, I mean it's, the writing is on the wall.


The writing is on the wall. I'm sure Aaron behind closed doors to try to do everything he can to get, to get the jet, to get Devante going down there. And it gives him a chance. It gives him a chance. I think if you have Aaron Rogers, you brought him there for a reason. So you might as well get multitudes. You want to, to see how far as you guys can go. The A ffc the AFC right now, I mean, it's up for grabs. It's up for grabs. So why not improve your offense and go take it All that being said, Aaron's gonna have to play better though. Ocho Oh yeah. Yeah. Most definitely. He's not playing well, especially based on what we saw last night. I I'm talking about night end Week end the week before against the Broncos and The week before that. Yeah. Yeah. He has a, he he, he hasn't played well.


Even if you go back to the first game now, he played well in one game, but other than that, he hadn't played well. He's gonna have to play better because remember Ocho, he was supposed to be the reason why they're winning, not why they're losing. And so their defense is play. Look, their defense isn't historically great, but they're playing well enough. Well enough. Yeah. He's not holding up his end of the deal. I'm not breaking news guys. This is not no, this is not an Amber alert where Shannon Sharpe is breaking news about Aaron Rogers being bad. He's not playing well. And we can acknowledge that. A lot of people don't want to acknowledge that, but I think athletes want you to be honest with him. I believe You can be honest without beating him over the head.


He's not right. It's okay. Yeah. And the funny thing about it is, you know what I like about Aaron, which I think most of the time, or maybe, maybe he doesn't, he took accountability for that. He said he has to play Well, I mean, he said it most, most times they deflect and point the fingers at other people, you know. But the fact that he was able to take accountability. You know what, I didn't, I didn't play well. I didn't play like myself. So, I mean, we're gonna see what happened. I'm not sure who they're playing. I'm not sure who the jet are playing next, but hope, hopefully he has a better showing. Well, the que is the, is the Lions gonna have a fire sale? What about Max Crosby? Does he want the stage? Does he want out? Yeah, The boy they must run somebody get him.


Who can you about? Hey, he a hell raise ocho. Oh yeah, he relentless. Big time. Big time. He, He reminds, he reminds me of Jared Allen. You remember Jared Allen Not Just getting ready to say Jared Allen. Remember every time Jared Allen got a sack, he would steal the cow and tie him up. Hell yeah. I was just Kansas City, city in Minnesota. I think he played one year in Carolina too, but that's where he cut, that's where he made a name for himself with Kansas City and, and Minnesota. But Right. Well look, I, I just want, I want Devonte to, to get somewhere where he can, you know, play out his last, 'cause what, he got two more years left on that contract.


He's in the third year of a five year deal. Right. So get somewhere and obviously he's going, you know, look like you, for what Shefter is reporting, it looks like the Jets and Saints. Yeah. And listen, it needs to happen sooner than later too. Yeah. It needs to happen sooner than later. On this most recent podcast, Michael Parson said he thinks the is where Devonte's gonna land. I think that relationship with the Jess is gonna come to life. Michael said Right. That Devonte brings a winning culture after predicting that he would head to New York.


Yeah. I like it. It makes the most sense. I mean, it just, it just makes the most sense if it's, if it's another team outside of that to me. I mean, it just, I I I just, I don't, I don't understand it. I wouldn't understand it. But the Fact, the fact that he got out Ocho that he wants out, he, he's brought down, he suppressed his value because I know you gotta get rid of him. See Ocho, anything, I know you trying to sell. I ain't finna give you a, I'm not finna give you market price for it. 'cause I know you gotta get rid of it because you know why? I know you gotta get rid of it because he wants out and he'll call you problem if he doesn't get out. Not publicly not gonna do anything. But remember, and I told you off the air, I said I believe AP was talking about Devonte Adams when he said guys are making business decisions and we will make business decision moving forward.


Right. I believe I could be totally wrong, but I believe that's what he was talking about. Yeah, I, yeah, I'm, I'm not, I'm not sure. Ain't ain't no telling. 'cause I, I wasn't able to see the film. I think if I was able to see the film, I'd be able to tell you exactly who was making those business decisions And, and what would that happen? The tweet Devonte Adams played his last game. Somebody for that either runs his account or ap Right. Like that tweet. Oh, that's right. That's right. I know what you talking about. I know, I know what you talking about. Yeah. Yeah, I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. Because remember that If somebody says something, if somebody says something about OCHO and somebody from Rel account like that tweet, you're like, hold on Rel you like that or You got Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


We, we had to have a, we had to have a little conversation. You see, Hey, we we'll be on, we'll be on Sister. Yeah. We be on you Like a tweet that they, they they, they talking reckless. I hear about your boy and you liking that tweet. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You got something you wanna tell me? The commander's quarterback, Jayden Daniels has exceeded expectations to begin his rookie season, including those from his own teammate. Terry McClure talked about the quarterback's hot start with Albert Briar sand. I did not anticipate him coming in and hitting the ground running like that. I played with a few quarterbacks and definitely a few rookies. Sometimes it takes some time to get comfortable in an NFL system, not just at practice. Then you go into the game, it's a different animal.


What's all, what's always, always encouraged me about him is his ability to get better every day in practice when we would have a so-so practice the next day, he would not make, make making the same mistakes twice. Same thing in joint practice. Then you get into the game and you see him getting better each and every week. I think it's a testament to the experience that he had in college, but it's also his preparation. He puts in that dude worked so hard. He's always prepared. Yeah. And I, I think it also has to do with where he came, where he came, what school he came, what school he's coming from being in, being under the big lights, being the LSU used to the large crowds coming from a a, a college team that is preparing you for the next level Anyway.


So all you had to do was do just that. Hit the ground running based on everything you, you you've taken from there. Everything you've learned since you're adolescents, since you've been playing quarterback. You come on to the NFL, you put the right people around you. If you are in the right situation, you get what you're getting from Jane Daniels at such an early age. Even as a, I mean, such an early age. At such a early time, even as a rookie. But he had 55 starts. So Joe, do you know how many starts that he was in college? Yeah. Yeah. That's a good thing. Most Times college quarterback, they red shirt played two years. They gone. Yeah. That's why he looks the way he does. Let's just say, let's just say if you play for the national championship, you're probably playing 14 or 15 games.


Obviously he didn't play for the national championship. So he's playing basically he's been a starter every, every since he walked into college Yeah. To get that many starts. Yep. So it's extremely impressive. It goes to show you the work that he's put in Daniel's in completing 77.1% of his passes the highest among all sets, starting quarterback. He said a single game rookie completion record during week. Washington's re three win over the Bengals connected on 91.3% of his throws. Young boy look like he'd been there before.


Man. That's, that's, that's the only way. Him and him and him and CJ Shri, they look like they've been there before. They do. And if You can believe this, he's playing better than CJ did last year. 'cause CJ didn't pick up his play until like week three, week four, week five, this joker came out the gate. Gerard Mayo had a noticeably different tone about his quarterback room after week five. Many have wondered if, when he'll make the change from veteran quarterback Jacoby Bassett to rookie Drake May last week when Mayo was asked about the possibility of quarterback change, he said, Jacoby is a hundred percent our starter today. He said every single day we're all being evaluated.


And it's no different. Now the Patriots have fallen to one and four on the season after dropping their fourth consecutive game on Sunday in the loft of Miami, the New England mustard, just 10 points while Jacobi Bassett completed 18 or 34 passes, 160 yards. OCHO is a, in the words of Sam Cook, I would hope Jacob can't get it done as a veteran. Don't put your rookie quarterback out there. Don't put your rookie quarterback out there. Like things are gonna miraculously change just because he's at the helm. He's a rookie. He's a rookie for a reason. Now, CJ Shroud different. Jay Daniels different. Understand what they have around them to make that offense go hell.


If j if you, if you change some of the weaponry for Jacoby ett, I'm sure things will be different. You're one in four, you're one in four for a reason. You won for for a reason. And I don't think chaining to a rookie as your quarterback ain't gonna change much anything. Now you might wanna listen. You, I was just getting ready to say that now you might wanna stick him Out there, let the man get some experience or So or second, get them that experience. But you know what happened with experience too? You know what that's gonna happen to him? Yeah. What? Listen, you gonna take one thing about it. If you take those, you don't nothing from The bench. You gotta in there. You got, you gotta, once you make that change, once you made a change, You can, you can't go back, man.


Oh yeah. Once you, once you go to oh May. Oh yeah. He, he a quarterback. He quarterback for the rest of the year. Yeah, I agree. I agree. Ocho call Murray announced a partnership with Cod, COD Call of Duty. Yeah. In a statement call said to the trolls who mean me into the bag. Thank you. That's live. I'm officially by Call of Duty. We talked about call so much. People made complaints about him playing a video game so much. It drove him right into right into a sponsorship. Right into an endorsement with that. That's, that's a good thing. That's a good thing. Because the way he's playing right now. Yeah. Young fella. Go ahead man. You can play a little, You can play your little COD You can play your little play, play your little video game.


Just get the ball to Marvin Harrison, Jr. Baby. That's all you got to do. He He's playing good. He playing good. Okay, go ahead. What happened? What happened? What happened? You all right? Whew. I don't even know what to do with this. I digs made today interesting. I know Steph, according To academic, I'm telling You, Steph, if I don't get my Asics that you collab with, I promise you you gonna get what James Harrison gonna get. I'm telling you, I'm telling you I want my as I wear, I, I'm a 10 and a half.


What happened? It's being reported that his name Stefan, he stepped off in something. It's being reported that allegedly Cardi B cheated No on an offset with Stefan digs while she was eight months Pregnant. How? We weren't even there. We weren't there. You can't, you can't believe that. You can't believe that. Sta I know Ocho Ocho I I don't know if Ocho now your woman, right? Your wife, your significant other, your girl pregnant. That's one thing, but eight months, somebody else girl. I don't, I don't believe it. I don't know though.


I think, I think it's just that a rumor. Steph wouldn't do that. Oh, he wouldn't do that, huh? I'm just saying. Well, a if that's the case, he got the right last name. Dig. Because he would dig it. I that my bad Ocho my bad Ocho my bad. My bad was bad. Ojo bad was a nice lay too. That was a nice lay too soon. Ojo too soon. Yeah. I don't, I I don't, I don't listen. Listen, I just dunno. OI know step man. I, Don dunno, I don't, Steph wouldn't, wouldn't, wouldn't do nothing like that, man. He, he wouldn't do nothing like that. He wouldn't do nothing like, like that. Like that just come on now. I just, I I don't, I don't even like the rumor.


I don't, I don't like the person that even started the rumor to really put step on, you know, and assassinate his character like that anyway. Yeah. In the first place. You trying, you trying my dog talking about he Come on man, man. Little brother don't even get down like that. You feel me? Eight months. Nah. Now may listen now. Maybe. Maybe if you, maybe if she was one. Yeah. I don't, I'm gonna move on, man. That story. We should, that's a different story. You know, you know, Stefan Digs is like, he's like the Z like, like z Zack Efron in his prime. You know, all, all the women, all the women love him. You know, all the women love him. You know, you know, he's very fashionable. He's charismatic.


He has a he has a good personality, you know, I mean, but shit, you know, you know, he, he has this opportunities and, and can even, if there's a, a goal, a a a goalie in net, he can score. You know, he's, he's one of those he can score. So you, it's just, I just don't see it based on the situation. Yeah. And the circumstance at hand. Eight months. Yep. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's, that's what, yeah. Maybe two. He don't know. That's one thing, but a nah, nah, nah. But hey, listen. Stefano step Stefan.


Yeah. Oh, Joe. Yeah. He gonna have bigger problems. Ah, he gonna give, he gonna have bigger problems if I don't get them. Goddamn Asics. Shit. I ain't got time, man. I've been working on these hands too. Oh, okay.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Ow. And our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning, Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is back and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all the club soccer has a whole new format. And this year's Champions League has given us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgivable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Next step, we got Real Madrid versus Doman on Tuesday, October 22nd, and then Barcelona versus Byron on Wednesday, October 23rd is Champions, plan Champions. And here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look for to Tuesdays and Wednesdays because nobody watches the U four Champions League like us. Paramount Plus is the home of the UFA Champions League stream. Every match, live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Try for free at Paramount Plus dot com slash


live sports.


This is an ad from BetterHelp. Unfortunately, humans don't come with an owner's manual. There are no simple instructions for what to do when you're feeling down or having relationship problems or family conflict. That's when therapy can help. And BetterHelp is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time that works for you. Visit BetterHelp dot com to learn more. That's better. H e.com.


Hey guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade This podcast. We got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. You too. This is a perfect thing. Billy Kansas State is being overlooked because of what happened at BYU. Mike Gundy is, is a snot head. His perm is finally catching up to him. They lost at home to Utah. It's another one I like. Will Howard, you know, he's the quarterback at Kansas State. He's not there anymore. He was last year. Will Howard used to be the quarterback at Kansas State. Now it's a guy with long hair, right? His name is Avery Johnson. Avery Johnson. Yeah. Used to coach Alabama. Now he's the quarterback. Admir. Now he's the quarterback at Kansas State. I love the the Kansas State Purple Wildcat Wildcat there. It's, and this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade This on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Look around You can find cars like these on Autotrader. Like that car riding your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, all those cars doubling as kitchens and living rooms are on Autotrader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at the same time? Well, multitasking pro cars, like the ones in the gym parking lot are for sale on Autotrader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay. No flying cars. But as soon as they get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you wait, Autotrader.


The Ravens beat the Bengals in overtime. 41 38. Lamar Jackson spearheaded the comeback double digits multiple times in the fourth quarter. But Lamar Jackson would not let this team lose. Lamar picked apart the banged up bingo secondary to the tune of 348 yards. He also had passed for four touchdowns and he rushed for 55 yards in the first five period of the game. The Ravens put up 520 yards on 31st down. They needed every one in the big division win after the game. Burrow said it was frustrating that a team that started the year with title aspirations is nowhere close. We're not a championship level team right now. We're not. I like to think that we'll come back and prove throughout the season to get to that point.


But right now we're not. Yeah. We have to get it together. Ocho no. Not at, do you wanna play Change your playoff? Not at Listen, we, we in a hole, UNC, but we in a hole. I, I feel bad as a Bangal fan. As a Bangal player, as a former player, the game was good though. Offensively. The game was good. It was good to see that offense looked like it should have looked starting in week one. It was good to see that Bengals offense. Look how they look, how they always look by the time they get a week three and so on. Defense still still a little shaky. Still a little shaky. Well, I mean, we, we Shaky. Shaky. A Little shaky, Shaky, shaky. I don't, I don't know what the, I don't know what the statistics or the stats are, but we might be, when it comes to stopping the run or in the past, we might be damn that at the bottom half of the league, at the bottom half of the league in both of those categories.


But from an offensive standpoint, what you saw from t Higgins today, what you saw from Yoshi, which you saw from, from goddamn Jamar Chase, who's showing you, that's why you pay him. Even if he has two years on his contract, I can take the ball, I can take small Smokescreens and take him 77 yards. I can go deep. I can do everything. Yeah. No matter where we at. Just put the ball in on those hands. Then when we get to overtime, when we get to overtime, you have a $250 million fucking quarterback. That's not the time to play conservative. You put the ball in your $250 million quarterback's hands and allow him to win you the game when it matters most, like you said, the game of four is all about moments in a moment like that, in a game that you need to win an important division game, you allow your $250 million quarterback to earn that goddamn damn check.


Hold on. All game, all game. Whoa, whoa. We've Been All game. We've been very successful, Y'all. They've been Killing me. We audition, we audition, we dunking, we doing everything. But all of a sudden, when it matters, most everybody ass got tight. You run the ball three times in a row. Hold on. Now you run the ball three times in a row, right? And you put the pressure on McPherson to make a 50 yard field goal. When you get to just run a normal offense, you've been running all game that's been working all game. Open up your playbook, you got your quarterback. Come on now. I were hot. Why are we conservative? And we supposed to be trying to win the game. You already winning three, throw the kitchen sink at them motherfuckers, man.


It's all time. Run your offense. Damn. That's how you feeling? God, I'm looking at some of the goddamn stats, huh? Hey, touchdown passes. Joe Burrow 12. He leading the NFL pass rating. Joe Burrow first 113.8. He leading NFL in completion percentage. Joe Burrow 72.2%. He's second pass charge. 1370. He's third 40 plus completions yardage. He's time for first. So what is that telling you? What does that tell you? Just based off the stats on what he doing at the quarterback position, despite it not reflecting what the record may show.


When he has the ball in his hands, he's getting it done. From a quarterback perspective, it just not enough because we motherfucking won four. But again, in overtime, what do we do? We take the ball out the man's hands and we give it to the running back three times. First down, second down, third down. Are we not trying to win the game? Are we running the ball? Why play conservative in that? Come on, man. Give at least give us a chance. At least at, at least give us a chance. I mean we, we paid him that kind of money for a reason. Can I ask you a question? What role did that interception play in the Ravens getting back into this ball game and getting into Overtime?


It played, it played a big role. It played a big role. It played, it played a, I'm gonna be honest with you. And listen, I'm, Are we gonna, are we gonna glo over that? I'm I'm with you. You right. You can, you can't make those kind of mistakes. You can't make those kind of costly mistakes because, and the fact that they made that mistake, I think that's another reason why they took the ball outta his hands and ran the goddamn ball of overtime to make sure, make sure the mistake didn't happen again. What, what? Why did, so, why, why? I just wanna know why Bingle fans mad at me. Because I point things out From a, from a play call. I just wanna know why y'all mad at me. So, oh, he got five touchdowns. He okay, Ocho you know, your defense currently is not playing very good.


Right? The last thing You can do is turn that ball over. You can't do that. So now keep moving it, keep moving the ball down the field. Even if you sell a field, settle for a field goal, now they need a touchdown to beat you, right? As opposed to a field field goal to tie you the five touchdowns. Yes, he's playing. Well last the difference is, what are you gonna blame Joe Burrow? Last week he settled for field, he settled for field goals. He got two field goals. Before he got those three touchdowns. The Washington commanders got touchdowns, right? When he was getting field goals, they were getting touchdowns. That's the difference. Okay?


They had two double digit leads in the fourth quarter. At one point in time the score was 24 to 10, right? 24 14. Lemme take that back. 24 14. 24 14. Because the raven was 14, nine. They got a touchdown to what? Yes, it was 24, 14 in the fourth quarter. And Lamar Jackson went into that phone booth, changed into that cake and became Superman again at some point in time. Ocho it's not about at, at the, you You can look at the numbers. We used to kill Peyton. Yeah. Peyton had Gotti numbers every year. And everybody would say stats are for losers because Tom Brady would throw for 200 yards and win the ball game.


Peyton have 300. Peyton would play a team he'd throw for three, 400 yards. They lose. Stats are for losers. But it's funny how it changed. If we like somebody, Joe Burr is a very likable guy. I, I've met him a couple of times. Yeah, he's great. He's a great young man. But at the end of the day, Ocho, you know what it comes down to? You can't make those kinds of mistakes that he made. Right? Knowing that my defense is not very good currently, because think about it. If they're going up and down the field driving 70 and 80 yard, what the hell you think you gonna do if you put them on a short field? Yeah, They gonna get the ball to the end zone. They got very conservative. He scared them.


Zach Taylor got scared. He turned up all over late in the fourth quarter, they tied the ball game and now running off Offense Instead of Ocho instead of like going forward. But you can't do that though. They pull the Rein back. Listen from a, from a coaching standpoint, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm in no position. I agree because I ain't no goddamn coach. All I do is play goddamn Madden. But from the outside looking and understanding how we're doing as a team, collectively understand how our defense is not really playing well. Playing well. They're not really playing well. They're not playing well against the run. They're not playing well. They're against the pass. They're not, who do I put the ball? Who do I put you put it his head. Even, even, even, even with the mistake. No, put it his A Mistake. The turnover in the fourth quarter, you have no choice.


There's a reason we paid them the money. We paid him. Because if times like that, in moments like this, correct. When we need a win, you put it in his hands. The offense had been looking good all goddamn damn day. Just run your regular offense. Huh? You can't, you can't pull the reins and then had your ass tight when it matters most because that gets you beat. That got us beat even with the, even with the pick, we had the opportunity to win the game. I mean Joe was 30 or 39, 3 92 5 touchdowns. He normally plays well against the Ravens. I think he has a 500 yard passing day. He has a 400 something yard passing day. So he normally plays well.


But in that situation, in your running game or your 23 for 71, you really haven't. Now I'm not saying it's not gonna get better, but as of right now, you haven't replaced Joe Mixer what he gave you in the run game. You had a couple of false starts that set you back behind the eight ball. Kill some of your momentum. But you just gotta find a way to win these games. T and and and and Chase were unbelievable. They had 276 yards combined on 19. They had 16 Target. No, they had 1226 targets. 19 catches 2 76 and four touchdowns. Yeah. Well your star guys skilled position players.


They did what they were supposed to be. They did what they were supposed to do. They did the thing. Yeah. Sometimes it come down to one play the interception now. 'cause you probably, you might've could've run the clock out. 'cause the one thing I don't wanna have happen with the way I see Lamar Jackson playing, I don't wanna give him the ball back. Ocho. I don't wanna give back to him. It's the guy Lamar Jackson, Joe Burrow. Patrick Mahomes. Guys like that. Okay, hold up man. They man, damn they done came back. They only one score down. We can't give him that ball back. He gonna find a way. Now, first of all, you guy that was a face mask on, on Andrew's. You guy face mask, mojo and the referee standing right came up standing right there.


Didn't call. He came up off of Fast. Andrew was doing his, he getting tackled I think Prep. It was Prep making a tackle, huh? Nah, not that. Yeah, I think, I think he just got, yeah. Yeah he was, he was making a tackle. Andrews is screaming. Right. Andrew's got the ball at one head. But he face mask me, he face mask me. That, That hurt Though. But it was, it was a very exciting game. This is what you know, it was the shootout in the a FC North. We don't normally get games like this. It's normally a black and blue division. It's normally more physical. But when you got these type of quarterbacks, Ocho, and I don't wanna pat myself on the back, but what did I tell the Ravens how to use Derrick Henry. And over time you tell, tell the people at home he's shooting him downhill in overtime what they did. Shoot Him downhill, straight downhill.


A gap, B gap. Or just toss it to him with a full back In front.


Bet you didn't know. Fall is the perfect time to feed your lawn. Give your lawn a boost with Scott's turf builder. Winter Guard recover from the summer prep for the winter Scott's winter guard. Push your grass on the road to a recovery from damage caused by summer heat. Feed your lawn Scott's turf. Build a winter guard this fall to build strong deep grassroots for a better lawn. Next spring, repair repairs from summer fun strengthens for the winter. Prepare for spring, secure for fall for you. Pick up a bag of Scots turf builder Winter guard today. Feed your lawn. Feed it.


Today's most electric touchdown play of the day came deep in the fourth quarter and it your courtesy, we can't show it because we not paying $2 million to show you this video. Lamar Jackson bobbled a snap. He stiff armed Sam Hubbard. Not once, but twice. As he's running rolling off balance, falling out of bounds, he discarded a a pass rusher, took a cha a shot to the face, extended a play and threw a touchdown pass to Isaiah. Likely how Lamar he the real deal. How? Listen, I I tweeted it too. You Saw LJI Said I tweeted it too. When the game was going, I said, well God damnit Lamar just won't go away. That young bull is unbelievable.


Oh, I've been watching Lama, he was there at Boyton Beach High School. I used to go watch. I used to go and watch just to see like he, he was, he was a superstar. He was a superstar back then. What he doing in NFL Now I've been seeing that before he even got to Louisville, he was doing the same thing at Boyton Beach. Boy, he eat a real deal, man. I just man that, that that hurt man. We, we had opportunity. We had it right here. It was, it, it was in our hands. And I was at Twin Peaks that, you know, I, I watched the football game, the Twin Peak. 'cause they put on multiple TVs for the one o'clock games at once. So I, you know, so I can enjoy 'em. Right. There was a table of Ravens fans that sat, that sat adjacent to me where I was sitting, you know, about two, three tables over.


And every time we made a play, you know, I look on down there, I look on down there. I ain't talking no Trash now I ain't told no track because I, I ain't wanna put my foot in my mouth. And we, when we covered that fumble, when we covered that fumble the overtime, I told the waitress, I was like, miss You can put this, this coke with no ice. You can gimme a to-go cup, A styrofoam cup. Right before they kicked the bar, I went over to their section and I sat there and I just smiled. I ain't even say nothing. I just smiled. 'cause we finna get this kick and we finna win. Oh, when that goddamn place over bobbled that snap and goddamn what? And all the them Raven fans went crazy.


I would hurt. IIII would that, that, that, that that hurt. That hurt. Yeah, Because you know, the momentum swung. You guys had the momentum after Lamar fu the ball in overtime. Now you guys got the momentum heartbreaker. OI Don Dunno what to say about Deshaun, bro. I'm running outta words Ocho at some point in time, Ocho just gotta stop Now Cleveland hasn't top more than 18 points in the game this season. The Browns in the week five with the worst third down offense in the NFL. And they con they failed, they failed to convert all 12 of the third down attempts today with Deshaun in the game.


Well, Hey, I, I got a question. Yeah, yeah. Listen, Ocho, listen at some point in time Ocho, What, what's the issue? What's the issue? Is it, is it, is it, is it mental? Is it, is it the play calling? I mean, what, what do you think it is? And I'm confused, huh? I've been watching football for a long time, for a very long time in the, in the nose dive in the nose dive that, that I've seen from a personal standpoint of aby maybe a top three quarterback when he was with, with the Texans to what? The, the version of Deshaun Jackson, Sean Jackson, the version of Deshaun Watson I'm seeing now.


That's how in such a short Amount of, he's not close to himself. Such a short amount of time. How Barring an injury, the only time, the only time Ocho I can say this, I've seen this kind of drop off from any kind of player hold on, is through injury. Injury. If you have a significant injury, that would explain it. I could offer Ocho man, you know, the man tore his, he tore his patella tendon ocho, you know, the man tore Achilles, he had back to back ACL surgery Ocho, he almost had his shoulder ripped off the bone. So that would explain the cataclysmic drop in its play.


But I don't see an injury that would cause It. Yeah, it's it's mental. It's mental, huh? This is up here. Listen, do you know how hard that is to get back, especially at that position, at the quarterback position, the quarter. Hey, listen, yes, Because everything becomes messed Up. Mental a mini here and at the quarterback position, you got the ball in your hands every time. So your judgment in your mind, it already got to be clear because if you judgment in your mind and you're not healthy as well, on top of that top, you'll never be, you'll never be able to play well, you'll never be able to excel at that position. Like, I think I was thinking about it. I'm looking at, I was thinking about it early day, I think, Well, god damn, I'm, I'm looking at, well damn the Browns, we got the Mark Cooper, you got Nick Chubb, you got Nick Chu coming back soon maybe I think maybe two weeks, maybe, maybe one more.


And Ku And Joe Ku, You bought him. Elijah Morgan Eja bought Elijah Moore. You bought him a young bull. Damn. Why, why, why I'm going blank right now. You got, you brought him a young bull. Jerry, Judy, you know who that I'm like, what? Okay, we good? Yeah, we good. We we, I'm talking about we good. I'm just saying from a, as, as a fan, as a, as a fan of Deshaun Watson, as a fan of some of these young bulls over there, man, that, that I enjoy watching. I'm like, okay, they gonna compete. They gonna compete. They gonna have a chance, you know, in the, a FFC north. And it just, it is not what I envision based on what I've seen in the past, and I really can't put, I can't put my hands on it on why they look the way they Do.


Oh, so he don't even move the same ocho he don't even move the same, he don't look the same in the pocket. And, and, and, and, and I think, you know, look, I'm not here to try to rehash and rethink anything, but, but I think that that, that, that weighed a lot on his mind. I think it weighed a a, a hell of a lot on his mind. And he wa he's, he hasn't been the same. And I think everybody knows. No, I'm not breaking Ocho you and I are not breaking news. Everybody knows they, I saw the guy, he led the league his last year starting in, in, in, in Houston.


He led the NFL in passing yards. He did that. I'm not so sure Deshaun, he's a, the 28th, 29th 30, 31st, 32nd. He is a bottom five quarterback. Currently. Look at Joe Flacco and Indy. Look at what Joe Flacco did in Cleveland. Joe fla. Joe f Flaco is a, if I'm not mistaken, I think I read this is eight days younger than Anthony Richardson. Ma Hey Joe. Joe, oh, Joe, that, oh Yes, yes.


It's because I think sometimes Ocho when you have Yeah, An image and, and then all of a sudden that image is not what was being portrayed. And people start to like, you start to think, how do they, how do they look at me now? How do they perceive me? Yeah. And that plays with you because you're out in the public. It's, if somebody, I I, I would've bet so I've lost a lot of money. Ocho, if somebody would've said Shannon, he's never Thing Bet man.


You at your mind. I said Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. I, hold on. Is he gonna have Shannon? He's not gonna have a career threatening injury. He's not gonna have anything. Nope. He's just not gonna be I Would, I would've bet on, I would've bet with the quickness too. I know, I know what I, I know what I've seen from him. I know what I've seen and I've just, I've just never seen of, of performance decline in such a fast rate. Especially when you have better, a better supporting cast than what you had in Houston. And he's young and oh, oh, oh, Joe. It wasn't like he's 30.


Deshaun is 30. Is he 30? He can't, because he came out, he's 29. I got a, I got a, I got a better question for You. He just turned 29 o hotel. How did he get him back to the old Dehaun? How do we fix the problem? How do we, how do we fix the issues? Lemme ask you a question. In professional sports, when have you seen a guy have this kind of precipitous drop and bounce back up Name the sport, sport, football, basketball, baseball. It ain't never happened, huh?


Yeah, man, It's hard Ocho because so much of sports is physical. Yes, we've seen guys that had talent, but if you weak minded mentally Yeah, that's what you have to be the strongest. What do they say? Yeah, the best athletes have what the strongest mentality you Gotta be Because that's everything. You have to have a self-belief that I'm the baddest mofo on this field, this court, this, this dime, the this whatever the case be. Whatever your avenue, this court, what Serena, whatever your arena is, you have the mindset that I'm the baddest mofo here.


Dang. Because a lot, bro, Tom Brady ain't the most talented quarterback or not even close. He might not be the, he might not be the top one as far as talent. I'm talking about, I'm talking about physical talent, you know what I'm saying? I'm talking about the ability to run jump arm strength. That's that's what they beat you at him and Payton, That joke of mine, drew Brees. That's where they beat you at. Huh? They beat you upstairs. All that coach beat the tom old man. That's a great, I listen and I tend to tell people, how do you know? I said, I'm telling you how they think.


Lemme tell you, because we did a lot of this too. They going to tell you what a great team that is. And they're really, really tough. They're really disciplined. They're really well coached. But in that closed door behind that meeting, Belichick is telling me we're gonna kick their ass. And Tom Brady is in that meeting. Tell 'em at practice, we're gonna kick their ass. They don't deserve to be on the field, but we're gonna keep hyping them up. He actually believed that. And what great leaders can do, they can convince others around them to believe just like they are. They believe just what Tom was so great and so believable. Guys, we're gonna keep, we're gonna do this.


We're gonna do this. Man, you hear what Tom said, man, we down 14, Tom said, we coming back. Yeah, we coming back. Yeah, we coming back. That's how it works. I don't think Deshaun, I don't think his what happened? Same thing. Look at Ben Simmons. Oh, Look at Ben Simmons and basketball Ocho all defensive, all star, all NBA rookie of the year. Yeah, he got hurt. But a mentality was, is that what happened in Philly? Y'all remember I said it. I said, he never going be the same.


His coach criticized him and the best player on the team criticized him. But stuff like that shouldn't break you. That's that's he motivated right now. That's motive, that's that's motivating. I ain't what I, I ain't Oh, Joe, but you have to understand. You don't think IO okay, bet. Lemme ask you a question. Okay? Yeah, it's th it's th it's fourth five. Hold, hold on. Wait, wait. Hold, hold on, hold on, hold on for you. Hold on, hold on. You said hey, on what down, what down it is. Okay. Okay. I'm lined up. It's four and five. Oh, huddle in the huddle. No, they called the, they say, oh, oh, let's say we gonna call 200 X lamb. That's you, you the X.


No, no, but this what you do. You done lost your confidence so bad. You like Caron. Oh, hell no. So tj the ball and you got hell nah, you got me. Fuck, boy. But fourth and five, and you know, it's fourth down and ain't finna play, man. The man, man, stop playing there. You remember that game when they played Atlanta? They passed Ben Simmons the ball. Oh, hey. When he, when he, hey, when he had to lay up Ben Simmons and he passed it off. I, I remember play exactly. See that? I remember that. I remember that. You see that now. You see what I'm talking


about. The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning, Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, November 5th on M-S-N-B-C,


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is back and its bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all the club soccer has a whole new format. And this year's Champions League has given us more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Next step, we got real Madrid versus Doman on Tuesday, October 22nd, and then Barcelona versus Byron on Wednesday, October 23rd is champions, plan Champions. And here in the States, it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look for the Tuesdays and Wednesdays because nobody watches the UFA Champions League like us Paramount Plus is the home of the UFA Champions League stream. Every match, live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Try for free at Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports.


Look around. You can find cars like these on Autotrader, like that car ride in your tail. Or if you're tailgating right now, all those cars doubling as kitchens and living rooms are on Auto Trader too. Are you working out and listening to this ad at the same time? Well, multitasking pro cars, like the ones in the gym parking lot are for sale on Autotrader. New cars, used cars, electric cars, maybe even flying cars. Okay, no flying cars. But as soon as they get invented, they'll be on Autotrader. Just you wait Autotrader,


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to Chumba Casino dot com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like spin slots, bingo, and solitaire. That You can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to Chumba Casino dot com now and live the Chumba Life, sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Did you know every three seconds someone is a victim of identity theft? LifeLock wants to give you helpful tips to protect your identity. This cybersecurity awareness month. Adding multi-factor authentication like a text with a security code is one way to boost your security, but for comprehensive protection, trust LifeLock LifeLock alerts you to suspicious uses of your personal info and steps in to resolve issues that arise, guaranteed or your money back. Protect yourself with a 30 day free trial@lifelock.com. Use promo code news terms apply.


Dave Canales threw Bryce Young back in the game with four 15 remaining and Bryce took his first snap in the game since being benched after O2. Oh. So you being to tell me the quarterback situation that don't change anything, huh? Huh? On the first play, he brought time and scrambling five miles Sanders open for a 27 yard. Gang canals brought, did a fantastic job and said Andy Dalton will remain the starter for next week against the Falcons after the game. Bryce Young asked if the current situation lit a fire. Put it here. Come on. What you say? Ocho Pol politically correct? He's saying, he's saying, he's saying all the right things, but maybe that it is just him though. You You can tell from his, you know, his mannerism that way.


The way he, the way he carries himself. That's just him. Huh? That's his personality. O Joe. Yeah. I, I, I, I see, I can see that's his personality. I can see Cool dude. Real softspoken, real soft spoken. It just, you know, I think, I think he, he gonna get, he gonna get the opportunity again. I just, I just hope his confidence is, is, is yeah. Whenever that opportunity presents itself, that he's ready mentally, you know, and I think it's, it probably, it, it might be with the Panthers or if it's, if it's elsewhere. I, I, I hope he's ready. Well, until they get some weapons, they're like, don't put me back in there.


'cause I ain't gonna look no better because Andy don't. Look, look how Andy, look at Andy Dolton numbers with those weapons and everybody Ooh. Oh, Andy Dolton. Woo. Look at Andy Dolton. We got a large enough sample size to know what Andy Dalton is. Large enough, plenty large. I don't care who the quarterback is. Ain't nobody, look, you better be Peyton Manning or Tom Brady to make, make this, these receivers look good. They got, they got some mics. They got, they, I mean they got, they got some boys over there. Now, once they get Adam the, once they get Adam Thena back, they got Xavier leg, they got Mingo, you know, they got some boys, they got Deontay. Listen, they they got Deontay Johnson. He had one Target, one kid. They got some nice, you know, some nice little pieces.


They just gotta put that shit together. They got, they gotta put it together. And then when you have a, when, when you have, when you have question marks at a quarterback position, that means the receiver position and the tight ends have to be that much better than the quarterback. It gotta be. It gotta Be. And that's why, that's why he doesn't stand a chain. That's nice. Because they're not, that's Not nice, huh? They're not that much better. He ain't throwing, he ain't throwing Kel and La Porta and Kittle and guys like that. He's not throwing to Justin Jefferson and, and Chase and the guys like that. Even if you want to go e even if you take those top 10 guys out and go the next 10, what, what guy if I give you, if I give you how many receivers you're gonna go to before you take Deontay Johnson leg, I get it.


He's a rookie. But how many receivers and tight ends are you gonna go through before you pick one off A Carolina's roster? A bunch. That's rude. It's the truth though. Rookies, look at what CJ was throwing to. He had Nico Tank, Dale, Noah Browns. Well he had Dalton Schultz, he had nice people. Which one of those guys are better than any of the guys that I named On the Panthers?


Yeah. Which one of those guys is better than Nico Collins? Better than Tank Dale. Better than Dalton Schultz Better than hell. Noah Brown Comparison is the thief of joy. Yeah. And they stealing all the joy from Bryce Young because they ain't do it ish. That what? I'm glad you, I'm glad you brought that up. Bobby Jackson Jr. From Alabama. Bro, I appreciate the merch perch. Thank you so much. I really appreciate that. Thank you for supporting Nightcap. It means a lot to us.


Hopefully you really, obviously you really enjoyed Nightcap because clearly you had to be you up watching it. And it's d what, two o'clock in the morning there Dab two o'clock. Three o'clock. Almost three o'clock. And so Bobby, we really appreciate the merch per thank you for your support. And give us a hit. Let us know when you get to Mer, Tim Lee Bengals will be one in seven and Ocho will be saying, man, we going to the playoffs. The cook. Dude, you're delusional. Hey, no, you, you delusional. You delusional, man. We going to the playoffs. What you talking about? You saw what we did today. You see how that offense looks today?


Listen, don't do that. Don't do that. Who, who was that? What was his name? What was the name? What was the name? Tim Lee. Okay. Tim Lee. You'll see, you'll see now we play the Giants. Next we gonna beat the Giants, then we play the Browns. We gonna beat the Browns. I'm not sure what the schedule is after that, but we gonna be all right. And we make the playoffs. I'm gonna make sure Tim Lee, I'm gonna remember you. I'm gonna remember you. And when the Bengals make the playoffs and get up out of this hole and rise from the ashes, like the goddamn undertaker, you make the playoffs, I'm gonna find you. You mean like a phoenix? You mean like a Phoenix? What's The Phoenix? That's what rides from the ashes.


Well, I was, I was, I was trying to, to in insinuate how the undertaker comes about the grave or, or he, he like, Oh, he set up in the middle of the ring when he was like, yeah, he Set up in the ring. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You do. You I mean you keep, I, you know what I heard, I heard you say about the offense. I hear you mention nothing about that defense. Oh, listen, our, our our, our team, our identity is the offense. Now Lou, Lou is gonna do what he needs to do to make sure we play good enough, good enough. Football Win. Huh? Win. I mean, listen, that's, that's why we practice. We do you realize y'all gave up, y'all gave up 41 to the Ravens, you gave up 33 36 the week before to the commanders.


We talking about Lamar Jackson and Jayden Daniels two of the most, two of the most efficient quarterbacks in the NFL right now. Y'all got beat by Jacobi ett too. Oh, that was week one. You know, week one don't count. It's a toss up. Anybody go in week one? Ain't no telling what's gonna happen. Point who beat, Who beat them the, the third week, huh? Oh, Kansas City. Oh yeah, yeah. That game. We should have won. Matter of fact, our record, our record does not state how good our team is. The our our looking at you look at us play today and you look at our record. That's not who we are. It's not it's, it's just not Tim Lee. I'm gonna find you.


Matter of fact, I'm I'm gonna look for you on Twitter right now so I can talk Shit. Don't come on. Don't come on my don't come on our show. Talk about I'm delusional. I think Packers Romeo Dobbs was suspended one game for conduct detrimental to the team. The Packers made the announcement shortly before they departed for Sunday's game at the Ram. The suspension came after Dobbs missed two days of practice and meetings. The team, I initially explained the absence as for personal reasons, but Sports Illustrator reported that DOS was upset about his opportunities in the passing game package. Jim Brian Uniken. Unfortunately, we had to make a difficult decision to suspend Romeo for this week's game.


His decisions and actions during the week negatively impacted the team and required us to take this action. While we are certainly disappointed, we are confident that we'll be able to move forward in a positive manner. Romeo is a va a valuable member of our team and we look forward to welcoming him back next week. Dobbs ranked second on the team with 20 catches 169 yards, but has yet to score in four games in love's return Packers threw dos of 54 hold up, threw the ball 54 times. Eight of those were targeted to do. Who caught four for 39 yards. Only one wide receiver. Avion Wicks with 13 targets was thrown the ball more than dos.


Oh Joe. Yes sir. You been to tell me guys really like, really missed practice guys get upset that I ain't got no, I ain't getting no targets. I ain't get no ball. They got no touchdown. Right. And guys really missed practice. I don't know. Not be late to practice miss the entire Practice. Yeah, I you, you know what it it is, it is hard to actually know what exactly happened and a report coming out saying it. I I mean how truthful do you think that really is? So Why would they suspend it then? Huh? Why would they suspend it? 'cause we don't know what he got suspended for. Oh, we don't, we don't. Hold on. They say hold on. They said it was for personal reason, right? When did somebody ever got suspended for personal reason? It was somebody told them you a sports illustrator broke the story that said he mis skipped practice.


He skipped meetings because he was upset. I know Unc, but I ain't making Hold On, hold on, hold on. This is what the GM said. Unfortunately we had to make a difficult decision to suspend Romeo for this week's game for his decisions and actions during the week that negatively impacted the team and required us to take this action. Oh. So nothing else needs to be said. Oh, so you just, you using Sports Illustrator as your sauce. I'm using Brian Uniken, the general manager. Based on what he said. What if he was at practicing and he acted a fool in practice about not getting involved. Ocho Ocho come Ocho at some point in time.


Ocho you gotta stop this. I get it. I'm asking question. Don't wanna say you. I'm not relying on fucking Sports Illustrated. I've relying on Brian Go and I heard what you said. The general manager Heard not said, maybe he acted a fool in practice and they had to suspend suspend him for his conduct because he is not getting the ball. Okay. Acting a, acting a fool in practice. I ain't getting the ball. You know, you acting a fool. You know what, you can't be doing that while you here. You got to go. Hold on now. You just told me last week when these reporters get stuff about Devonte, it's coming from somewhere. Now all of a sudden it's not coming from anywhere. They made it up. That's not What you said. No. Hold on, Hold on. Sports Illustrated. I'm, I ain't, I ain't using, I ain't, I ain't, I'm not paying the as no source.


You said when reporters say things, they're getting it from somewhere. Now they report this, it came out thin air. Nah. And now Brian Uniken, the general manager said we had to make a difficult decision to suspend Romeo for this week's game. His decisions and his actions. We this week negatively impacted the team. It required us to take this action And I guarantee the action you talk about it happened at practice. I guarantee you that. I guarantee you did. Let's bet how much you wanna bet. Let's bet I I'll tell you what I do, I'll tell you what I do. If it, if he didn't miss practice, you gimme your salary.


My Who? If he didn't miss practice, bet your salary. Which, which salary? Which job? Bet your salary, Which job? Whichever one you wanna pick. Whatever show that you appear on. Bet it. Okay, bet. No, no, no. Ain't no bullshit. Now I'm real. I'm talking real. Bet it. Nah bet a thousand. No, I don't want fucking do a lot. I bet. 500. I bet 500,000. Who? I'll bet you $500,000. Why we can't bet a thousand? I don't want no thousand. What the hell I'm gonna do with a thousand? Whatcha Gonna do with 5,000? Hell, I go upstairs right now and pull that out.


What the hell I'm gonna do with that? Well see. I it out too. What saying Bet 500. I don't even gamble. You ain't gotta gamble because you said it didn't happen like that. So that's not a gamble. I said what if it didn't? I said I would rely on sports illustrating For nothing then Ocho just think about it. You can be 500 k just like that. The No, No, no, no, no. I don't care. Nothing about no money. I'm trying to figure out why you so happy about what Sports Illustrator said. Alright. I'm talking about what Brian Gut did. Okay. And I said it's probably something what he did at Practice Bet 500 K in Why we Bet money. I tell you what I do, I tell you what No, no, no. I tell you what I do. I'll put up a million to your 500,000.


No, Y'all. Hey Ocho, I'm gonna cover you. Hold on. Put up a million in your listen, Listen to me. Listen to me. Hey Romeo Dobbs is in his second year, right? I don't know what year he in. He's in the second year. I mean he's in the second year. Right? Okay. Ask Ash. He in his second year. What is he, what, what year is he in? Second or third? Third. Yeah. Pulling some shit like that. That's that's a vet move man. That's a vet move. Not showing up. Not showing up to practice. I I can honestly say I played 14 years. I ain't never, I ain't never had a teammate. Right. And guys have been upset about playing time about incentives, but I ain't never have guys been late for meetings.


Yes. Has a guy been late for practice? Yeah. But all together I know You gotta be, you gotta be that boy too. You gotta be that boy like Aaron Rogers like that, that, that mini cap. Yeah. See you gotta be that Boy Be to pull some stuff like that off and nothing happened. And if no disciplinary actions, now I'm a third year receiver just not showing up for two days in a row. Come on man. No, I mean, and then they gonna, even if you a first year you a guy like that, they probably, they probably won't suspend you, but they gonna take that game check.


Right, right, right. You can they get something Out? You but I gonna take that money. Oh, They gonna get something out you. Oh yeah, for sure. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Right. And because the thing is you gonna wanna play, I mean 'cause you don't want people to know Yeah. To give that negative light that you, you missed practice. You was pouting. You were moping. So you don't want give, you don't wanna give that look ocho Okay. You don't want that out there on. And that's the thing with these young guys, bro, you don't want that out there. You don't want the mouth content because it's hard to shake that. Once you get that label on your, you ain't, it's hard to shake it. Yeah. I mean you gotta be on your best behavior for years and years. Yeah. Because you have another slip.


They gonna say, see, You remember one thing, one thing about him. I was like, bro, one thing about him now I still can't believe it when he put that ball in his hands. Oh boy. He go to work. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League has giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for champion league match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today


With Lucky Land sluts You can get lucky just about anywhere. Dearly Beloved, we are gathered here today to, has anyone seen the bride and groom? Sorry. Sorry. We're here. We were getting lucky in the limo and we lost track of time. No Lucky land casino with cash prizes that add up quicker than a guest registry. In that case, I pronounce you lucky. Fight for free@luckylandsslotts.com. No purchase necessary. BG w Grove Boyd we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


State foreman DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and you of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Toura podcast Network.


CBS Thursday, October 17th. Hi again. TV's Quirkiest crime solver. I'm ELs Betas. I work with the police is back and ready to go Toe to toe. Yes. With a cavalcade of guest stars. You have a devious mind. I'm a lawyer. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit. Look for anything out of the ordinary that sounds like fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. Lsba is all new. CBS Thursday, October 17th, part of CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's. Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click grainger.com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.