
Wendy's is the official hamburger or March man, which means more deals for you and more burgers for your face. It also means we got a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1. With an in-app offer and a purchase, it's hard not to get excited when there's an offer of two of the freshest hot off the grilled burgers that Wendy's makes. The Junior Bacon cheeseburger with a fresh beef, applewood smoked bacon, cheese, crispy lettuce, tomato and mayo, and a hot and juicy double stack of two patties of fresh, never frozen beef with cheese. Ketchup, Meer Pickle Onion, the real champions of March Madness. Head to Wendy's app and grab a $1 junior bacon cheeseburger or a $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest deal. In fast food gotta be Wendy's.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre bending thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras. Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


At Designer Shoe Warehouse we believe that shoes are an important part of well Everything. Everything from First Steps to first dates, from all-nighters to all time personal vests. From building pillow forts to building a life, building life For all the big and small moments that make up your whole world. Dsw SW is there is There. And we've got just the shoes. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love at brag worthy prices at your DSW store or dsw.com.


The Volume UF C3 14 is headed to South Beach. It won't be all glitz and glamor, but stars will be out. Don't miss any of the action at Draft King Sports book, the official sports betting partner of the UFC. It promised to be another banger Knights of Fights, especially the featherweight main event between two evilly matched fighters. First time just picking something simple like a fighting to win and make your pick. It's that simple. And if you're new to DraftKings, listen up. New customers BET $5 to get $150 in bonus bets instantly. Step into the Octagon with DraftKings Sports book. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app now and use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get 150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only with Jab Kings the crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, listen up. Taxpayers is time for what you all really tuned into. Listen to me for financial advice Tax Season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well, would you trust me with your money? Well, that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit boost mobile.com for full offer terms and sweep details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boo mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund


On April 18th. Centers are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Quinn Brother Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX Film Cameras Centers arrive only in theaters on April 18th, rated R under 17, not admitted without parent blending Vice signature Dynamic Storytelling with High Octane World of Sports. Vice Sports brings exciting and diverse range of programming that goes beyond the game.


From gripping behind the scenes documentary to hard hitting investigative pieces and in-depth profiles of athletes, coaches, and teams. Vice sports capture raw energy, drama, and passion that makes sports truly unforgettable. Recent vice sports premieres include Brady versus Belichick, the Verdict with host Christopher Mad Dog Russo. Two original docuseries Patino Red Storm Rising Kalari Razor's Edge, dark side of the Cage, the grudge, and the sixth season of the hit Show, dark Side of the ring. And that's not all. Vice TV is bringing live sports action to your screen with Arena Football one and bare knuckle boxing field, the adrenaline of Arena football one where fast-paced action and high flying plays.


Take center stage in thrilling high energy environment, then brace yourself for raw unfiltered intensity of bare knuckle boxing where every punch counts and the states are higher than ever. These live events bring excitement and unpredictability of sports into your living room, no holds bars. Whether you're a diehard fan or a casual viewer, vice sports offer fresh, bold perspective you won't find anywhere else. Catch these action packed live events alongside exclusive sports programming only on Vice tv. Go to vice tv.com to find your cable channel.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost mobile store or boost mobile.com to join their Nationwide 5G network today. Thank you. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite aunt, that guy. Number 85 Liberty City's own Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your support. Thank you for your continued support because of you. Thanks to you. All of this is possible, so thank you for your support.


Make sure you go check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. We're in about 20 states currently, but if we're not in a state or a city close to you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe out there. Go follow my media company page on all of its platform. Shey, Shea Media. Thank you guys so much for nominating us for six Weby Awards, the Weby Awards nominations are goals as follows. Shannon Sharp, best entertainment creator, best Sports Creator Club sheha Best creator slash influencer series, Nightcap Best Sports show, best video series and Best Live podcast recording. None of this is possible as you can see it on your screen right there.


None of this is possible without you. And we thank you sincerely from the bottom of our heart. The link is in our bio. Please go vote for us. Voting ends on April the 17th. My clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything has restocked, the link is pinned in the chat. Supplies are limited. Once they're gone, they're gone. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for our Not Save for Work tour went on sale last week, two weeks ago. Actually eight stops are as followed. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA Miami, NYC, Chicago, Detroit. We close it out with you. Tickets can be found@shesheamedia.com slash tour.


That's she shea media.com/tour. Link is pen in the chat. Our guest guest lineup is looking really nice. Can't wait for you guys to see it. Please come out and support. Can't wait to meet you guys. Go get your tickets Now. We've got Amari Hampton. Amari Hampton joining us in a bit. But first, before we get into the topic, one of our staff members or our social team, Adrian, we had a medical emergency today. We need your thoughts and prayers going out to Adrian. Very hard worker, Adrian, if you're watching this, Hey, get better soon. Take your time. Hey, we got you covered, bro. But take your time. He had a me suffered a medical emergency today, but I think he's doing well.


We're gonna reach back out tomorrow and see if, if he's getting better and better. Hopefully he, he is, but Adrian knows that we we're praying for you and get back when you can. Oh Lord have mercy. This man here. What? Hmm, what happened? I already knew it. What? You was in the same classroom the whole day. Hey, you had one teacher. She taught him everything. Y'all, he never left that class from K through 12. OCHO stayed in the same classroom the entire day.


And You know what I, I lo I love when you say that, but the funny thing about it is, I was a 4.0 student, obviously in college. I made the dean's list. Yeah, but they They were great on a 15 point scale. No, no, no, no, no, no. Uncle, you better man. Check my resume. Check my record, man. And my OCHO Miami. BC Ocho. Yeah. Ocho, you went to juco. You know why I went to juco? Yes. Reason why everybody go to juco. Why? Yes. And you, we, Your grades, you couldn't have got in prison. You didn't had to go to Juco, you had to go to JUCO to get into prison with them grades. Nah, Nah, nah, nah. My grade, my gravy was good. Now my grave was good. It just, listen, I I just wanted to play football.


You hear me? My grandma used to. I know. Hey, my grand used to And your grades were indicative of that. Yeah. Somebody that just wanted to play football. Listen, I was, I was a brilliant mind. I I just wasn't focused. I wasn't, I wasn't focused. I'm just telling you, you listen, you And you can tell how smart I moved. Right. You can tell how smart the am despite the jokes and the entertainment. Think about how I moved in, in how successful I've been far removed from the game of football. You hear me? Yeah. Like I, I, yes, I know my stuff now. I just, You had to wake up call, you had to wake up call like a lot of us had the wake up call. Oh yeah. Time. Hey listen, can I tell you something real quick? Yes. Going do code and being in the eligible one year, You know, and seeing everybody pass me by and my back was against the wall.


It was, it was do or die. Absolutely. It was, it was do or die. Yeah. Ain't nobody waiting around. Ain't nobody feeling sorry for you now. No. At at all. My grandma always said, baby, you need to focus on your books first and put football second. And I felt I was good enough to do it my way. And long behold, the one time I tried it her way was that one year that a, after being in eligible at a two year institution, it took me three to get out of, I did it halfway focus on school first. I did did my summer classes at West la. I did some at Southwest two in la got myself together. Got that one for one at Oregon State. Man, look here, man. I ain't look, I ain't looked back since then. Yeah, well we glad, we glad you figured it out.


Yeah. That, that that's me. That's me. That's me. That's Me. Oh, Joe Jason Kids says they're, some are comparing the Babe Ruth Luca with ad they're comparing that trade to when Babe Ruth, the Red Sox traded Babe Ruth to the Yankees $400,000 because the owner wanted to finance a movie, which is kind of cool in regards to the Luca trade. Right? I mean if the Yankees is pretty cool. Yeah. Not if you're the Red Sox because it was 80 years. You was 80 years And you was cursed. So I don't know the prism or the lens in which J kid is looking at this through. Right. But he's on the wrong end of this trade currently.


So for the Yankees, yes. It's very cool. Right. Excuse me for the Lakers. It's very cool. Like it was for the Yankees because they got Babe Ruth. Yeah. The team that traded Babe Ruth, there was a 80 year stretch where it wasn't Cool. It wasn't good. And I think the lens that he's looking at it from, he's looking at it on, on how great Babe Ruth was. Not only when he left the Red Sox, red Red Sox, but what he was able to do for the Yankees once he got there. And I think, yeah, Jason Ke can also see long term the visual effects of having Luca and how consistent he's gonna be with the Lakers. And it's almost a shot as his own organization, huh? Yeah. It's a shot at his own organization. Because how could we do this where you're comparing the trade of Luca to the Lakers to that of Babe Ruth leaving the red socket to go to the Yankees.


Yeah. Because we know what he did for the Yankees. Yeah. Listen, he catapulted them and put 'em in a stratosphere. And they now, as far in terms of baseball, they're the number one baseball team. And I mean, hey, the Yankee Pin strike. Yep. Nobody else. Nobody else has a, a Yankee pinstripe. Right. Or has a, a a a signature or, or, or Ville s role, whatever you wanna call it, where they're named after something like man them the Yankee Pinstripe. Yeah. Nobody else has that Beirut Trade, Boston and New York for cash. Universal regarded as one of the worst sports trades in history. Yeah. The Yankees became the Yankees. The Red Sox cup suffered a curse of the bambino by not winning the World Series for 86 years.


Woo. I don't know if the D Dallas fans are gonna be be happy if they don't win a championship for 86 years. Well, It it, it is, it is. It is like looking to, going down that way. Unless they're some, someone magical comes along and free agency, someone magical comes along. That's a one that that's a one and done in college. It ain't looking too pretty. Well let's, let's see what happens when Kyrie gets back. Hey stop when Kyrie gets back ad with the team. They have, they have gaffer, they have lively, they got three live active bodies that you can play ad at the four. Now when you really need him, you can play him at the five late the ball game, which he likes to be.


Right. Which he's plays his best when he's at the four. But he can play the five last five minutes of the ball game. Right. So you got three active big with gaffer ad and lively. Likely it's likely lively. Lively, lively there, huh? Yeah. Lively the second. So once you get him, Kyrie Nick Marshall has played really well. Let's see, clay, clay has had some really good games. He's been off. Obviously we know Clay is not what he was was, but he can get hot. He can catch fire. Yeah, Most definitely. Yeah. So let, let's see. Right now is really not the time. I know everybody's looking at the trade of a vacuum because what the lake sense, what Luke is doing for the Lakers and especially what he did last night.


Yeah. But let's give this trade a year or two then we can really assess. It says okay, because what happens if, if the Mars are in the finals, what happens if they turn this thing around? So, no, I think with Kyrie, I think with Kyrie Ocho, we know Kyrie is a, is a, is a is an all star. Yeah. Anthony Davis is is an all NBA and an All star. So two of those guys with the team that they got, obviously they're gonna, they can possibly make some moves. Yeah. Now what's to say they don't make a move and could possibly land kd. Now are you still upset? No, I'm, I'm, I'm not KD Kyrie and Ad Hold on. We, we keep, we keep talking about Kyrie. Listen, I love Kyrie, I love everything ad does. Right. Everything that he can do, especially being one of the greatest Dribblers and greatest Dribblers of, of, of the ball and being able to, to create his own shot.


But on, he's coming off of ACL tear. How do we, do we know what Kyrie we're getting coming off of that? Can he come back and still have the same lateral movement, the same quickness still be able to do the same things he did that made him special when he has a ball in his hands. We don't know that yet. I believe he will. Considering the way medicine is and the way these guys come back now. Right. It used to be a death sentence when you had an ACL back in the seventies, maybe even the eighties. Right. But now with the way medicine is, I ocho these guys coming back in seven, eight months now, ca Now basketball players, they normally err on the side of caution. Yes sir. So he probably, he probably won't be back until after the new year. So 26 Pro possibly would be the earliest that you're gonna see Kyrie.


But I have no doubt in my mind that he's gonna come back and be the same Kyrie. He's still gonna be dynamic. Yeah. He's still gonna be electric and Now you pair him with AD and who knows what they're gonna do there. I don't believe they're expanding Pat. They obviously, look, there's a reports out there that they're, the sons are gonna have to do something because the way they're constructed, even with kd, even with book, even with Bradley bill, right. They're gonna miss the playoffs. They're not even in the play in. Right. So you can't keep this team the same. Right. So who you're paying 300 plus million dollars. You got 300 plus million dollars tied up in three guys And you missed the playoff in its entirety. Yeah. You gotta blow it up. Yeah. You gotta blow it up. Well, KD is leaving.


I I I know that. Yeah. KD bill, I mean, hey, you, you gotta get you, you gotta move on. 'cause it's not, it's not, it's not working. It hasn't worked. And when they, and, and a matter of fact when they made the playoffs, if I'm not mistaken, I think they got swept. So you get swept, you miss the playoffs. It's, it's over. Yeah, it's over. So let's see what, let's see what they do. But yeah, J Kid, I don't know. I mean you, you look at this thing, I think you look at it upside down. Had you got Luca, you could say Yeah, we can compare this, but Right. Y'all shipped Luca out. Yeah. So I guarantee you the Red Sox weren't once Babe Ruth started knocking the ball over the fence and they started winning World Series.


Yeah. I don't think they was as happy, but as they thought they were gonna be. Yeah. You gotta you gotta look at it though for Jason Kidd to say what he's saying as the head coach of the Dallas Mavericks, it just tells you how special Luca was to where you Yeah. You even using that in comparison to that trade that long ago. Again, it, it's a, it's a, it's a low blow and it's a shot at management. How could you do something like this? How could you have a traded his magnitude because he's comparing it to that of Babe leaving the Redox. Right. Well and plus the thing is Lucas 26, he didn't ask to be traded, babe Ruth didn't ask to be traded. You know, the owner wanted to financial play and he needed money and hey, it happened.


And they traded, if I'm probably mistaken them because they're in the same division now. I don't know if they were back then, but you traded him to a division rival. So it, it is, it is crazy that, that it happened. But hey, I don't know if crazier things have happened, but we'll see. Right. But I think you're gonna have to give this deal. I can't look at it this year. Kyrie got hurt. Ad was hurt for a large part, a large stretch. I think he missed 20 plus games after he got there. Played great the first three quarters of a, of a, of a game and was outstanding. And then he got injured and he missed some time. So let's see over the next two to three years, how this trade play out because we might look at it a might look at it totally different.


Yeah. Devin Booker spoke about the sons missing the play in. He said it's been a slow bleed out. I've been feeling this way the majority of the season. Does the son missing the playoffs change your view on K D's legacy? No, absolutely not. I I I don't, I don't think it changes his legacy. There's, there's only so much K can do KD still, regardless to them missing the playoffs will be one of the greatest scores of all time. Nothing will change that. I think the, the, the chase of having super teams, I think it's, it's come to an end now. I think it's come to an end. Katie's probably going to be mo he will move on somewhere else where he goes.


I'm not sure. I think he will try to get another title or two. So wherever he chooses to go, I'm sure management might, and not not cooperate, but probably give him that grace in sending him somewhere where, where he wants to play and where he has a chance of winning a title. I don't think Devin Booker iss gonna be there as well. I think, I think I'm not gonna use it. I'm, I don't hate using the term you, you watch, you're welcome. You don't wanna stay too long. Similar to what Stay with the Blazers a little too long because he wanted to be loyal. Oh no, you talking about, you talking about, you talking about KG with the timber Wolves? No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, with the Trailblazers he Dame Dollar. Yeah. Dam Dame Dame. I, I don't want Devin Booker to, to, to do that.


You know, I don't want you to wear out your welcome and, and try to be loyal to a franchise that really, really isn't going anywhere. Give yourself a chance. Give yourself self a chance to compete at a championship or at least make the playoffs to get past the first round. So I think both of them are probably going and, And You know, the sons are gonna have to scrap everything into really, really start all over. But, well, this is where I would disagree with you. This notion that we put drop Kevin Durant in and that team is automatically our championship contending team is just no longer true. We've seen him get dropped in at Brooklyn. He got swept and he got to the second round. He had a three-two lead and he lost two games.


The game seven on his court. We see him go to Phoenix with Devin Booker and Bradley Beal. Yes, Sir. While his legacy might not be all altered, it may or may not. Let's see once his done. But this notion that you drop Kevin Durant in anywhere and they are a championship contending team is no longer true. It's no longer true. And I don't think I, I defy the person that can argue that point and say, Shannon, it is true. We saw him with Kyrie, we saw him with James Harden, we saw him with Devin Booker, we saw him with Bradley Bill. Right. The only thing that we know is Steph Curry, Draymond and Clay Thompson.


That was a team that won 73 games the year before he got there. Right. And it blew a three one lead. They beat a team, Kevin. The red was on the same was on the team that blew the three one lead to Golden State. Right. Golden State turned around and blew a three one lead to the Cleveland Cavaliers. So with that being said, I think it's gonna be hard pressed for any analysis, for any historian, for any player in the NBA as great as Kevin Durant is to say that you just drop him in and their championship contending team is not not true. It's not true.


Because we've seen, we've seen it. Hold on. Even with him being able to score the way he can. So what happens? So could he not score in Brooklyn? Well, UNC remember everything went haywire in Brooklyn with, with Kyrie. Okay. What happened in Phoenix? Oh, you see, we keep, Hey, they Doubt I'm missing. Keep we keep safe. See, you keep coming up with excuses. Well, I'm just telling you what it's not excuses if, if if, if it, if it's documented on what happened, Kyrie was in Kyrie, You know, I'm not sure what was wrong with Kyrie James Harden. James Harden wanted out. I mean, it seemed like everything fell apart from, from what looked good that I thought even I thought, You know, as, as, as somewhat of a basketball fan. I'm like, oh, well the Nest, they definitely gonna be, they gonna have a shot.


They definitely coming out the east. That's what I thought until, You know, Kyrie was disgruntled. James Harden got upset, he wanted out and KD was like, so why? Yeah. By himself? Why did James Harden want to get out? Well, I I I have no idea. I, I don't know what what type of internal issues they were having just from the outside looking in. I thought it was a good look. Yeah, y'all stop, listen, see, every time we have a conversation, they try to slide LeBron. That's not true because LeBron went to Miami. Okay. What were they doing before LeBron arrived in Miami when LeBron left. How long before they got back to another NBA finals? When LeBron went to Cleveland? How long before they returned to the finals?


They went all four years. They won one. Kyrie got hurt. You know, in the overtime of game one Kevin Love never played in that series. He goes to the Lakers and in the second year they win a title. So this notion that where LeBron James goes, the rings don't follow. It's just not true because we seen him move three times in all three locations. There's a trophy and he's the finals. MVP. Right. So this notion that LeBron James doesn't move the needle, it's just not true. You might not like him. You can call him all the names you want, but it's factual. It's factual. Pure and simple.


I, I get it. He's the most, I mean he has a kin do Now the first athlete to have be a kin ambassador. Very unique. Unbelievable. They did. They got all the details right. But this notion, guys, come on now. Let's be fair. See y'all blame that. So he's in Phoenix. He got Devin Booker, who's an all star Bradley. Bill was an all star. They missed the playoffs with three All Stars. They missed the playoffs. They got swept the first year. Come on man. Cleveland seems to be doing fine without him. Yeah. How long has LeBron hold on.


How long has LeBron been in LA? Four It been four years. It's like seven years. It's been that long. 19, 20, 21, 22, 23, 24, 6 years. Okay, so six years now I know after LeBron left, give me a pick. Darius Garland, what peak was Darius Garland? Because if you're doing well, you're not picking Darius Garland. Dar Darius Garland was the top five pick. Am I correct? He was the fifth pick in the draft. What about Sexton? What pig was he Hold? Colon. Sexton.


What pig was Evan Mobley. So this notion, y'all talking about Cleveland seemed to be just fired, right? They should be. They got a, Evan Mobley was the third pig in the draft. Darius Gar was the fifth pig in the draft. A Carl Row with the fifth pick in the draft. Man. What pick was? What pick was Sexton? Mobley was three Sexton Core Row was five. Garland was five. What about Sexton? They ended up trading him to get Donovan Mitchell. He was a a lottery pick. Yeah, he was eight, so I damn sure. Hope so. They doing just fine now. It took a while. A while. You got, you got a top. You got two tho You got three. You got three.


Top by picks. Yeah. Three. Come on now y'all don't, y'all y'all, y'all don't wanna argue this y'all, y'all really don't. I got time tonight. I got time tonight. Y'all don't really want. Yeah. Y'all know I, I do. I do this for a living. I do this for a living. Y'all don't wanna argue the facts. Facts.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


You're a hustler. You get things done, but you don't always do things for yourself. With J-Lo Beauty, it takes just a few minutes a day to look like facials are a regular part of your routine. J-Lo Beauty's Fresh and Flawless Skincare kit includes six skincare products that work as hard as you do. They'll hustle to brighten firm and hydrate your complexion. Morning and night. This skincare kit is a one and done solution that is clinically proven to visibly tighten and lift for instant and long lasting results. Cleanse, treat, moisturize, protect the fresh and flawless skincare kit. Does it all see why the kit's a bestseller today? Visit J beauty.com/deluxe and get an extra 25% off your first shipment. Plus free gifts with Code Deluxe. If you're not satisfied, return the bottles within 60 days for your money back. See the website for details? That's JLo beauty.com/deluxe to get that J logo.


Yo, what's good it is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast here with my fresh take on the 2025 NCAA Tournament. Brought to you by Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness. What a great national championship game. There was a handful of things that stood out to me and why the Florida Gators won first played a great second half and competed at a high level. The second reason the defensive energy and the high execution on offense at the end of the game really, really stood out and they were able to get a win. Now the tournament might be over, but remember the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now. You can get a junior Bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with an in-app offer and a purchase. And again, head to the Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior Bacon cheeseburger or $1 double stack with the in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. It gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness,


texting Privacy policy and terms and conditions posted at text terms, us texting rules for recurring automated text marketing messages, message data rates may apply, replace, stop out, consult a doctor prior to use. Wow, You look amazing. What have you been Doing? I'm sure you've heard of Ozempic. Wegovy and the other GLP one medications. Right? Well I found this great company called Zelie. If you qualify, their providers can prescribe medications like Ozempic and wegovy and other GLP one medications that are 80 to 90% less expensive, all 100% online. I Can get GLP one medications for 80 to 90% less and do it all online. No doctor's office or pharmacy. Yes, zelie can provide some glide or tirzepatide the active ingredients in Ozempic and other expensive GLP ones. But for 80 to 90% less and shipped directly to your door. How Do I get started with Zelie? Just send them a text. Text Fast to 200 300 to get started today with zelie. Get the same active ingredients in Wegovy or Ozempic, but for 80 to 90% less and 100% online. Don't wait. Text fast to 200 300 right now for a link to your exclusive offer. Text fast to 200 300. That's fast. To 200, 300. Fast to 200 300.


I like Katie to Miami though. I just want, I just wanna throw that at y'all. OO Joe. I don't see here is the problem that you have when you trade for kd because you're gonna have to give up so much to get him because people want to, because they gave up so much to get him. Think about what they gave up, what they traded. MHA Bridger a Cam Johnson four first round picks. So I need to replenish my cupboard, my pantry right. For what I lost giving him up. Now you're never gonna get equal value back. There You go. So already knowing that they can only ask for so much because there is no equal value out there in the NBA outside of players that, that are untouchable outside of players that are gonna be untouchable.


Right? And so that's the thing Ocho. But see here's the, like him going to Golden State because let's just say Golden State had to trade for him, right? They would've probably had to give up Clay or Draymond. They would've had to give up a piece, right? But because he was a free agent, right? And made it Easy, boom. Made it easy. I ain't gotta give up anything. And he took a, he took a a, a friendly deal. He could have got more. He took a little less money. Okay? He goes to Brooklyn, he's a free agent. They don't have to give up anything. So Now you can trade those pieces. Kyrie was a free agent. They go together, James Harden comes. You had to give up some, but Now you got Harden, you got Kyrie And you got KD for whatever happened.


James hard sees where it's going. It's like, man, we can't win here. Right? He wanted to trade you trade for Ben Simmons. Ben Simmons was damaged in Philly. I knew from the time they lost that game, they lost that to Atlanta. I said it was done because once I heard Doc talk after the game, I heard Joel and B talk after the game. Right? Go back and look it up. I said he's done there. It'll never be the same. It's done. Now you get him. Not Kyrie, you have the Covid situation. Kyrie doesn't take the Covid vaccination. He has the issue where he tweeted the link. Okay, whatever happened it, it happened. Right? He moves K's like, bro, it is what it is not, it's not gonna work. Yeah, let me go somewhere.


He wanted to go to Phoenix. He likes book. Seemed like a great, but you got it. But see, when you trade, the same thing with Mellow. When he went to the Knicks. Yeah. You have to give up so much to get him. Yeah. You looking at that team, you're like, well damn man, I really like that. They nice over there when you get there, they've given up all the top two, three of the top picks and draft picks. Well how do you, how do you build a team? Ocho? Yeah. You 3D you have no depth. Yeah. See the difference is Boston drafted, drafted. So we got, we got, we got our core.


Right Now the first mistake that they made, Milwaukee, they traded for Dane. They give up holiday. Well, it seems to me when you give, when you give up Dane, Portland says we're going young, right? Moses say, we, we, we'll, we'll take holiday, we'll take him up your hands. You get Derrick White on a, on a, on a, on a deal early. You bring Big Al back. Yeah. You made him whole. So now I can build around because I'm piecing things together. It's entirely, I don't really have to give up a whole lot because Portland wanted to go young. They weren't asking, they didn't ask for Jalen Brown.


Right. They didn't ask for date. Ja. Well, obviously Tatum, you're not getting him. And they swung the deal for Pingus. Pingus wanted out. He didn't wanna play with with Luca anymore. Right. He said, I'm tired of y'all blaming me for every damn thing I'm going to out. So that's the, the the problem that you have when you give up so much for kd, what do you have? Ocho you gonna have two stars. But what about your bench? What about your depth? That's where the Celtics beat your ass. Yeah, yeah. When they come in with Prichard, they come in with Hauser, they come in with Al Horford off the bench. Yeah.


You got three perimeter defenders. Yep. With with holiday with Derrick White and Jalen Brown. Tatum can defend. Obviously he's not like those guys, but he can defend. Yeah, You gotta have depth OKC depth. Damn. I don't, I don't like That. That's why Cleveland made the trade to get Deandre Hunter. They wanted to add strength to their bench. Right. Because if you can't have a bench, if you, that's what Golden State used to kick your ass. Because if they had a lead, the second unit, the shot troops would extend the lead. If you had, if the other team had to lead, they would cut into it. Or even the game up. Now you bring kd, you bring Steph, you bring Draymond, you bring Clay back and run away from you.


Yeah. Well, well I, the the way you make it sound, unc is like, it's, it is impossible. It's impossible for KD go anywhere. So he might as well stay in Phoenix because there's, they can get the value of the conversation for him. No, the problem is he knows they tried to, they wanted, they would've, they if K would've said, yeah, I want to go, they would've moved him. It was in The middle of the season. The trade, it was in the middle of the season. So nothing could happen in the Middle of the season. So, so what? Guess what? If they wanna move you in the middle of the season, what the hell you think they'll do in off season? Oh Wait, they gonna move. They gonna move. You know, You know y'all okay. Yeah. They gonna, they gonna do it? Yeah. Hey, how do you think he arrived in, in Phoenix? It was available to see the trade.


Yeah. So he was not like, he wasn't, he's he's new to this. Right? That's how he can ride in Phoenix. That's, That's, I was there during the Super Bowl and it happened during the Super Bowl. Right. Remember I told you I at our hotel, I walked in a hotel And I was like, dad was a tall as dude stabbed. That was Kt. It's gonna be my thing is, is just that you are gonna have to give up so much. Yeah. To get him. They're gonna want, I mean if he goes to Miami with Joe, who do you think they're gonna want? Are you gonna give up Hero? You gonna give up? Bam, you gonna give up Hot? What? Hot Smith Hot was it Hot Smith Hot Tower?


Which one is it? Probably, probably probably Tyler. No, they ain't no Pat. Rod didn't give up. Tyler Hero where they got scary. Terry Ro they gonna probably wanna get up off him because he's dealing with the, he's dealing with the stuff with the, the gambling and all that. Right. He's been injured. That's tough. We could continue this. We'll come back after this Ocho actually connecting. Now Draft pick Amari Hampton. He's a second team of so AP All American First team, all A-C-P-A-C-C, running back finalist for the Dope Walker Award. Led the team with 15 Russian touchdowns ranked third in the FBF with 1,660 Russian yards.


A former Gatorade, North Carolina, Mr. Football Player of the Year, and winner of the state's. Mr. Football, where are your eyes set on UNC or Oh no, Amar. I'm about to read. I'm about to read everything for you, bro. How you doing? I'm good bro. How you doing bro? I'm doing good. How about you? I'm doing great bro. I see you Ing CAA So that's the agency that you signed with? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just recently joined them. They've been with me through the past season, so I feel pretty good about them. Good deal. Congratulations. Lemme ask you this, your Gatorade, Mr.


North Carolina, you are arguably you obviously. So you win that award, that means you're the state's best football player. Why did you choose UUNC? Did you want to stay at home? Did you, did you go to Georgia? Did you Alabama, anybody else? Yeah. What was it about UNC that says, You know what, home is where I wanna be. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Actually I took a picture to Florida. I took a picture to Auburn, Penn State, and then UNC. Okay. And I kind of narrowed it down to Penn State and UNC. And then I kind of was just always up at UNC. It's like 50 minutes from my crib. Right, okay. So it was like, I gotta know the teammates. I gotta know the coaches. I feel like it, I feel like the, the playing style they had at the time, the offense, they at the time fit me well.


So I feel like that was a big part of it too. So I feel like all of that put it in together. So, Hey, OI wanna, I wanna ask you about your Combine experience. I, yeah, I, I remember my combine experience being very nervous, the unfamiliarity, having to be in front of scouts, being in front of, You know, that many people and the pressures that came with it. How did, was your experience at the combine and how do you feel you did? Yeah. Yeah. I feel like it, it was definitely different. It was something I had to adjust to just being in like meeting after meeting after meeting. Yeah. Just going into that and then having to like run your 40 and do like all the competitive stuff on the last day. But I feel like, I feel like I did good on it.


I feel like I was prepared for it. I feel like Brent, the guy I was training with, Brent Calloway, he did a good job with all his players and stuff like that. I feel like he'd been helping us prepare for it well. So I feel like I feel like I did well on it. So it was a, it was a good experience. Just the getting to talk to all the head coaches and stuff. It was really cool. But if, if, if, if you had to take a guess on the coaches that you talk Yeah. And You know how you can get a feel, you get, you can get a feel on on who likes you And you can kind of get a feel on Yeah. Who doesn't, based on the type of questions they ask you based on how in depth they get with the personal questions outside of the game of football, if you had to take a guess. Yeah. Who do you think is leaning towards the drafting you on draft date?


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, whoever pin me I'll be happy with, but I mean, it is a lot of teams who need a run back. So I mean, yeah. Most, I mean, whoever, whoever pin me gonna get the best of me really? Yeah. So I feel like I kind, I kind of don't look at all the little draft draft stuff like that. Yeah. Because that, that, that's where I was gonna take it because a lot of the mock draft, the latest mock draft have you going to the Broncos now if you need to hook up. Oh yeah. You know, Hey, I, I, I, I know some people And I, I wouldn't be mad at it. Hang On. Because if you look at Amari, if you look at it, you see what Sequan was able to do. You see what Jamir gives And you see what Josh Jacobs And you see what King Henry, we see the Yeah, you see the resurgence.


There was a stretch for about a decade. Yeah. The running back was not as va not not a decade. Probably say 6, 6, 7 years. Yeah. The running back was not as valued as it seems to be currently is and coming back. Why do you think that is? And what can you add of fat team? I'm drafting. Yeah. And I draft the Marion tell me what type of player, what type of person am I getting? Yeah, yeah. Well, I mean, it is just for me, I feel like I love to see just like the Derrick Henry Saquon, just them doing their thing out there. I feel like it is putting more value in, in the position itself. I feel like if the team drops me, they're gonna get a three down back. They're gonna get a guy that plays special teams. They guy that going, everybody can run this league.


So I feel like pass protection is a big thing. I key on. I feel like catching out the back field is another thing that I key on. Just learning the defense, learning like where the stations are learning where, how the linebackers move and stuff like that. Just different things, like all the in depth stuff like that. So, I mean, just different stuff like that. I feel like it's helping me. Yeah. I, I don't know. I mean, I like that. I mean, unless you run back punch a kickoff, And I don't know if they're gonna put you out there on s you might, you might have done played your last, your last specialty snap in college. Matter Of fact, I'm, I'm matter of fact, I'm glad you just said that. You, you said you were thrown back obviously, and then you said what you can do. Yeah. With pad protection, then you brought up being able to catch the ball out the backfield.


So yeah, that makes you that much more valuable than other running backs that can do all those things. Right? Yeah. Tell you, I'm telling you it does, it makes you special. So in in, in hindsight, when you think about the type of running back you are and what you bring to the table, depending on who drafts you, who would your NFL comparison be right now? As far as your playing style goes? Yeah. Yeah. For me, I, I like to watch like a lot of guys like take tips off a lot of guys. I feel like Gil is kind of like a running style that I'm like, okay, Okay, okay. I Feel like I try to watch, like, I like Gibbs running style. Like I feel like Bijon is gonna be crazy in the future.


I feel like, I feel like all those guys really just like Seon, like Seon, I feel like everybody like really. Okay. Okay. I like, I like UC has Some great running, I mean comparison. Go ahead. No, I was just saying I like the Joe mixing comparison. That's, that's a good one. That's a good one. Yeah. I'm looking at some of the, I'm looking at some of the running backs that's come out of UNC, Todd Chandler, Michael Carter, Devonte Williams, and now yourself. Have you talked to any of those guys? Have they given you some, some tips about how to prepare for the NFL? What it's like once you get there in order to give you, because You know, you kind of got a little GPS you got guys that went to your school that can partake information that a lot of people don't have.


Yeah. Yeah. I feel like Javonte, Mike Carter, Todd Chandler, I feel like even the natron means, I feel like those are all my guys, like, can talk to him whenever I need. Something's a close. Yeah. Na yeah, he's the dog. Yeah. I can talk to him whenever I need to. They help me out with stuff. I need to, I take tips off them too. So I feel like yeah, they're, they're always a connection for me, I feel like. Yeah, North Carolina used to have some great running backs. I don't know if you, you're probably a little young, but Derrick Finner, famous Amos Lawrence. Yeah. Went to North Carolina. Yeah. Oh. But Derrick Finner, they ended up moving to tight end once he got to the NFL, but he was an outstanding running back. Yeah. At UNC. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I I wanna ask you this, bro, you named after Mariana B 2K All?


I don't think so, no. Because I've been proud of him. I don't know if I ever seen somebody would've named like a Marioni, so, damn. I'm like, hold on, let me ask this man. Yeah. You but your, your mom about to like B 2K back in the day? Nah, they definitely, they didn't see listen to him, but I don't know if I was naming that. Hey, I, I, I got one. So UNC was sponsored by Jordan brand, right? If I'm not mistaken. Yeah, yeah. Sponsored by Jordan. Yeah. Oh, listen, Going, going into the NFL going into the NFL, who would be your dream partnership to be a part of going into the NFL? Would it, would you like to continue with Jordan brand? Would you like to be with, I mean, am I, obviously that would be Nike as well, but You know, Jordan brand has own select players that are part of, You know, that are, that are part of Jordan.


Would you like to be with Nike, Adidas? I mean, woo. Yeah. Yeah. Right now, right now I'm solid with Nike, but yeah, right now I'm solid with Nike. Yeah. All Right. All right. I like it all. Yeah, Yeah. Hey bro, look, it don't matter. Cleats on feet mean people eat. So that's what you're trying to do right now. It don't matter. Hey, they could be pony, they could be Socky, they could be Puma. Hey, hey. Cleats on feet. People eat. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold On. You remember, remember you had pony cleats too? I did, yes. I Wore pony, pony cleats my freshman year in high school. Had Converse, had converse too. Converse used to make cleats. Okay, okay.


Okay. Okay. Hey, hey, hey o Hey. When you're not grinding right, when you, when you're not grinding, what's, what's your go-to chill move? Are you a gamer? You like music, you like movies? Like what, what you be on outside of the game of football? Outside of the game of football? I probably would be with the boys playing basketball. I'd be hooping all the time. Go over like to the Yeah, yeah, yeah. We'll be over at the rec center, just hooping over there and stuff. Okay. So you're not at game no games, no Madden, no fifa, no. No Call of duty? Nah. Yeah, I be on Call of Duty. Okay. Call of Duty is my game. All Right. All right. All right. Yeah. You, you married? Oh yeah. Yeah. I got a girl, but I ain't married. I ain't married. Okay.


Head Back. Good. Keep her, make stay focused. Yeah. Lemme ask you, let, let, lemme ask you something more, gimme your top five running backs. If I said okay, you get any, any five running backs that you want from any era? I mean, so gimme your top five running backs. Yeah, I'm gonna say you gotta put Regie Reggie Buss in there. I feel like you gotta put him in there. Okay. I feel like, I feel like, and growing up I was to be Marshal Lynch man. Okay. Marshal Lynch is in there too, that Boy. Yeah. Yeah. And then lemme see, I gotta put Quan in there. I like what you do. This real siqua.


Now I'm gonna do, I'm gonna put Derrick Henry in there. Okay. Put Derrick Henry. And then I'm probably missing, I'm missing a lot of people, but Yeah, you missing a lot of people. You ain't put nobody in that came before 2000. Hey. Oh they did play football before 2000, bro. I just want, I just wanna throw that out there. That's your list. Hey, hey, I want you to take off on your list. But they did play the game of football before 2000. Nah. Yeah. Yeah. I like a lot in new school now. Yeah, but look, but you said you like Joe Mixon. So are you going like, you more run for power, you run more for like, are you shifty?


I mean are your combination? Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. I try to add everything into my game really. It's always room to grow, try to grow to do different things. I feel like try to make 'em, make 'em ju Duke in space, make 'em right. Do different things. Learn, learn off different people. So I feel like it's always room to grow to do different things. I try to be versatile. Versatile as much as I can. Right. Well bro, we wanna miss Thank you for joining us. Whoa, whoa, whoa. You got something else? I Got one more question. Go ahead. I got one more question. Yeah. If football didn't exist, now obviously we all need to have a plan B. You, you just, yeah. NFL stand for not, not for long. I'm not wishing nothing bad. It's just a question in life.


If your plan B, if football didn't exist, let's say it didn't exist, what would your dream career be if you wasn't playing football? I feel like even what I'm doing now, I feel like if it wasn't like personal training with football Right. I feel like I would do personal training with like just fitness stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So I feel like going around doing personal training, training with like kids who didn't have like the opportunities that I had. Yeah. And like smaller neighborhoods and stuff like that. I feel like that's something I wanted to do in the long run. Just reaching out to those kids, giving them opportunities that I had. So I feel like that's one of the things I'll definitely look into. That's A good one. That's dope. That's a good one. That's dope.


That's dope. Yeah. Well, oh, thanks for giving us some of your time. We wish you the best of luck wherever you go, bro. A, it is not where, it is. Not how high you go, it's where you go. And once you get there, the journey really starts. Yes sir. Your journey doesn't start just getting to the NFL. The journey starts once you arrive in the NFL. Absolutely. So Ocho And I wanna wish you best of luck, the Nightcap family. Wanna wish you the best of luck and check back in when it's down the road. Yeah. Alright. Appreciate it. Appreciate you driving along. Right. Appreciate You bro. Don't forget Amy McDonald's, That's a moron. Hampton, the University of North Carolina running back, projected to be a, a first round pick. Mark had him go into the, the Broncos.


But we'll see. Since there has been a resurgence, we saw what Saquon did for the Eagles. We saw what Derrick Henry did for the Ravens offense, Josh Jacobs for the Packers, Jamir Gibbs for the for the Lions. We saw Joe mix what he added to the Houston Texans. And so the running back is, is is kinda like, hey, coming back, we saw the year before what CMAC did for the 49 ERs. Oh yeah. So the running back is, is definitely coming back. Guys that can run can catch it. But you gotta be able to pass block. Yeah. Because once they found that you can't pass block, they gonna bless you. They gonna make you stay in the time they gonna, they gonna make you stay.


They gonna make you stay here ojo. So we wish the young man the best of luck wherever he goes. But we going to keep an eye on And we like to keep our eye on the guys that that come on Nightcap and, and, and chop it up with us Ojo. So I can't wait to see what, where he goes and how well he does. Oh yeah. Ocho bru Bruce Arian regarded as the quarterback whisperer, spoke about Anthony Richardson. He said Anthony I think needed two more years in college as a passer. I didn't see him as being able to beat anybody in two minute and third down, if you can't do that in the NFL, you're just an average guy. Ah, he lied. Yeah. Yeah. Keila, he's right, he's right. I have a Question. You got, you got third on Joe, you make your money on third down Every time your money on third down.


Listen, you hope, you hope to make your hair on first to make second or third a little easier. But yes, if you don't, the better the pastor you are, the more easy it is to convert those third downs. Now obviously I think the repetitions obviously being in college would've helped him tremendously. If you look at the numbers, I don't have the numbers in front of me. So I don't wanna state and be and be and be wrong statistically. But he didn't play that many games in college. Huh? That's what he said. He should've and he wasn't. He wasn't a high completion percentage guy in college. Got. Yeah. So we are not playing a whole lot. And I get why he came out ocho. Yeah. The guy's a top five pick. Oh yeah. He got 20 plus $25 million probably fully guaranteed. There ain't paying that in NIL and collective.


No. So I get why. Right. I get why you get why his family gets, why Because at the end of the day, why are we doing this ocho? We trying to set our families up. Yeah. That's how we, that that's how I'm not saying all, let me take that back. Every ocho there's no such thing as all of every Oh yeah. But a lot of us, what we do this for is for our family. Absolutely. We are trying to get to the back as soon as we possibly can because everybody didn't grow up, grow up like a Grant hill. Mm. That had a two parent or or the Mannings Right. Or the watts. So we grew up in a situation a lot of times is grandma, a lot of times his mom. Right. And we trying to get there to get them out of that situation.


So I get why he did it. Right. But what Bruce has said, And I totally agree, he could have gotten a lot more by staying and getting better at his craft. Right. But at the end of the day, in the two minute drill and on third down is as a quarterback, where do you make your money? You got to have it. You got to have it. But, but Unc who's to say there are a lot, there are a lot of quarterbacks in the NFL that have made it, that have stayed for four years, that have been there for a long time that in those same situations and can burn third downs. So just Because that's why what he, his big messages also mocho. Right.


Too minute drill third down. If you can't do that, you're average. So he's not saying that, hey, he believed that he would've been better. Look at BA's record Peyton Manning. Right. Andrew Luck. He worked with Big Ben Berger. Yes sir. Yes sir. Had had all those guys in his ear in the early stages. Right. He worked with, he had Carson, if I'm not, I think he had Carson. Yeah, in Arizona. In Arizona, yeah. Okay. So he knows something about the quarterback position. I like ba ba gonna tell you like it is. Ain't no sugarcoat with BA now. Yeah, Yeah. Most definitely. If it come, Hey, if it comes up, it's coming out. Yeah. It was also one of the issues then over there in Tampa. Now remember?


Yeah. AB Absolutely. That's why they sent his ass upstairs. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah.


On April 18th, sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed starring Michael B. Jordan comes the Mosha pitcher event of the year. Twin brother Smoke and Stack. Both played by Michael B. Jordan returned to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Cameras Centers arrived only in theaters on April 18th rated R under 17. Not admitted without Parent.


Yo. What's good it is Jeff T from the Club five 20 podcast here with my fresh take on a 2025 NCAA tournament brought to you by Wendy's. The official hamburger of March Madness. What a great national championship game. There was a handful of things that stood out to me. And while the Florida Gators won first played a great second half and competed at a high level, the second reason the defensive energy and the high execution on offense at the end of the game really, really stood out and they were able to get a win. Now the tournament might be over, but remember the freshest deal in fast food gotta be Wendy's right Now you can get a junior bacon cheeseburger or a double stack for $1 with the in-app offer and a purchase. And again, head to the Wendy's app to grab $1 Junior bacon cheeseburger or $1 double stack with an in-app offer and a purchase for the freshest hamburgers around. It gotta be Wendy's, the official hamburger of March Madness,


Texting privacy policy and terms and conditions posted at text terms, us texting roll for recurring automated text marketing messages, message date rates me up, apply, replace, stop opt out, consult a doctor prior to


use. Wow, you look amazing. What have you been doing? I'm sure you've heard of Ozempic. Wegovy and the other GLP one medications. Right. Well I found this great company called Zelie. If you qualify, their providers can prescribe medications like Ozempic and wegovy and other GLP one medications that are 80 to 90% less expensive, all 100% online. I can get GLP one medication for 80 to 90% less and do it all online. No doctor's office or pharmacy. Yes, zepi can provide semaglutide or tirzepatide the active ingredients in Ozempic and other expensive GLP ones, but for 80 to 90% less and ship directly to your door. How do I Get started with zelie? Just Send them a text. Text Fast to 200 300 to get started today with zelie. Get the same active ingredients in Wegovy or ozempic, but for 80 to 90% less and 100% online. Don't wait. Text fast to 200 300 right now for a link to your exclusive offer. Text fast to 200 300. That's fast to 200, 300 fast to 200 300


For period protection. You can put on and forget about nothing beats Nick's Leakproof underwear, north America's number one Leakproof underwear brand. Let's face it, life can be unpredictable but your leakproof underwear shouldn't be. That's why millions of people choose Nick's for periods for light leaks, for everyday freshness. Nick's undies are super comfy, super absorbent and made to handle whatever your day throws at you day two of your period. Comfort your daily run. No problem. That big sneeze, You know the one. Yep, we've got you. And with styles like bikinis, boy shorts, thongs and high-rise plus sizes from extra small to four XL nick's makes it easy to find your perfect fit. Say goodbye to stress and leaks and say hello to undies that work just as hard as you do, no matter the leak. Find the style and level of protection you want@n.com and use code flow 15 for 15% off. That's KNI x.com code flow 15 for 15% off Nicks for your leaks for your life.


So I believe, because here's the thing, ocho, he's a 50. He was a 50, maybe a 50% completion guy in college. If you 50% in college. 50, He's 46. Put it like this here. He had a worse completion percentage to Tebow in the NFL and You know, Tebow was 47%. It was worse than Tebow's. So You know you're not gonna be successful for Oh, Joe, with the way the field is faced now. Yeah. The way they protect the quarterback, the way they protect the receivers. Right. Everybody should be completing 60%. Yeah. Yeah.


A a actually you, you should because to, to me, I'm not saying the game is easy, but they made the offensive game much easier. Yes. And so that's why The weight defenders and defensive handicap. So now it used to be, if you completed in the high fifties, boy you had a hell of a season. Oh yeah. Oh Absolutely. Had a hell of a nineties when I got to the league and even before, right. Pocho if you threw for 3000 yards was the standard. Oh. If you threw for 3000 yards because everybody ran the football. That's why many believe Dan Marino still has the greatest statistical passing season. Even though they passed him for yards, they passed him for touchdowns, he threw for four, for 5,000 yards and 48 touchdowns running era in that era.


The running era. Yeah. Yeah. Duper, duper and Clayton was eating. Boy, Boy. Do You know what they did? Look, I came in when they they knocked, they knocked your ass off. There was no part of the quarterback that was off limits. Right. The only thing you couldn't hit him at the bottom of his feet. And that's 'cause he was standing on him. Other than that, Everybody was the green light From the top of the head to the top of your feet. Yeah. You remember I sent you that clip? What Charles Martin did to Jim McMahon? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. He was just standing there and he looked around like, oh I got you. What? Oh that was commonplace. Oh yeah. Go back and look. Bruce Smith jumps sides.


That's what they called elevated to the quarterback. Right. Bruce jumped outside, knocked Boomer south and out of the Game For like weeks. Not the game for weeks Football. It was, It was anything gold, anything. And so they made it easier. So for a quarterback to be in the forties. Right. Lord, Holy bad. Right. Ugh, That's bad. It's Ocho. He's gotta get up to the mid fifties. He's gotta get it up to the mid fifties. Ocho, I have a Question. Yes. Do you think a quarterback struggling to have a high percentage or high completion percentage?


Do you think this because of his support in the cast around him is not good enough? Man, he got some, Hey, you see what he got them receivers, he got, he got Jonathan Taylor in the back. We done forgot to mention Jonathan Taylor. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We didn't mention him O Joe. And honestly having Jonathan Taylor back there, it should make anything having to do with the pass game that much f it easier. Yes. Because I know they got, I know they got a say. I know they got a safety in the box. They absolutely, absolutely. Absolutely. Listen And you got Pitman. They got Pitman. They they got another receiver too. That's really good. They got, I forget his name though. Ain number 10. Number 10, huh? Yes. Oh yes. Hey Chad. Who? Oh hey, I apologize. I apologize for the disrespect, but Young Bull, whoever wears number 10, I, I, I forget your name boy.


I'm telling you out of my mouth. Boy, you is the real deal boy. You are the real deal. Yeah. And I apologize if I remember your name, boy Young book. Get a real deal boy. Oh Yeah. What's his last name? Huh? I can't, I can't. Oh Man. I know They got Michael Piman Jr. Yeah. What's the, what's the guy, what's the other receiver? Alex Pierce. Oh, That is Alec Pierce, that's Number 10. Name Alex Pierce And Downs. They got do Josh Downs, Alec Pierce, Michael Pitman Jr. I think the tight end is more Alec Cox. And they got Jonathan Taylor and they had a Braden Smith took some time away. He was dealing with some, dealing with some things. Right. They got a nice offensive line.


Yeah. There's there's no reason there's none. Right. For him to be completing less than 50% of his passes because he missed a lot of throws. Ocho. Yeah. And I say, bro, you don't have to throw everything through the hurricane. Gotta touch, You gotta touch, you gotta have some. Yes. You gotta have some finesse to your game. You gotta have some finesse. I'm trying to think what quarterback is labeled to having a very Mitchell Mitchell. Mitchell is number 10. OCHO Mitchell. Hey, well you don't know his first name. Addie Mitchell. Yeah. You said after whatever it is, he could cook. Hey, be cooking. Hey brother Mi brother Mitchell.


I apologize. I will never forget your name again, but I'm gonna tell you one thing, but I'm gonna get you fly. They Got some nice receivers over there Ocho I'm Talking about. Nice. Nice. And I wouldn't, There's no reason for him. Mitchell has a bigger role coming to season. There's no reason for him to be completing 46% of his passes. Yeah. Mr. With that type of receive receiving corps. Oh yeah. With that offensive line and with Jonathan Taylor in your backfield. Well listen, he he might be better this year. You, you never know. You have a whole off season to work on things, work on the things you need to work on going into having another mini camp, another training camp up under your belt, You know, familiarity with the system you're in.


I think I, I'm thinking, hoping, hoping this year he plays You gotta Put the time in. Yeah, you got to. I'm hope. Hoping he plays with a lot more confidence and he, he'll be fine. You gotta put it, you gotta put the time in. Yeah. Gotta put the time in. And if he does that, remember we had, we had Pitman on. Yeah. Who else? We, I we talked to some people like Lay bro. He, he, he can't be the first. You can't be the the the the the the last one in and the first one to leave. Yeah. It's gotta be the first. It's gotta be first. Yeah. Reverse the first one in the last one. One To leave. The last one To leave. Not the last first, first last. Right. But I, hopefully, hopefully he gets it figured out because like I said, I think they got, look, that's a very competitive division.


Oh yeah. You got, you got Houston, CJ Rou. Houston gonna be, you got Lawrence, you have Cam Ward in that division. Woo. Look, if you go back and study it, Ocho look at it. It's the quarterback league. Yeah. Look at the NC East. Oh Look at the look at the a c Well look at the C West. What they have in the west in the afc. Look at these divisions. Afc, that'll tell you who's winning it. Yeah, yeah. Quarterbacks, because that's what you gotta compete against. I know they're not on the field at the same time. Right. But you have to match him. You can't like, oh, our defense gonna hold him. If I throw for 170 yards, we gonna, no, you might win one or two games like that.


Yeah. But you're gonna have to match that production Every time. So hopefully, hopefully a a ar gets this thing figured out and getting this thing turned around. Shado Sanders met with the Pittsburgh Steelers today and was impressed by the visit. He even said Mike Tomlin reminds him of his father. Coach Sanders Steelers was great. I understand why they went so much. Why Mike Tomlin is the way he is. He resembled my dad a little bit. They have the same principles. Shado reportedly does not want to be taken top three per NBC. And I believe ideally he would like to go to New Orleans.


I believe that's where he would really like to go Of all places New Orleans. Yep. I can, can you, can you explain why you would wanna go to New Orleans? I'm just curious. You look at, you look at the receiver core. They got Crystal Lave. They got Crystal Lave 22. What's the name? What's the name? The speed Rashe? No. Yeah, Rashish. Yes. Yes. I said it Right. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Hey, that a young bull can run, boy. You hear me? Yep. Yeah. He, he can run. I run the tight end Jwan Johnson. Yeah, I think, I think that's the tight end. Alvin Cama is still there. Oh, that's nice. That's nice. That's okay indoors.


Now you cooking, you Now you making sense. You ma you making sense to me? I just, I don't, he's not going to be there. What, what the Saints pick What? Nine. He ain't finna be, he not gonna be there nine. But Here's the thing. He not gonna be there once he gets past, once he gets past the top three ocho, nobody needs a quarterback. He's not getting, you're Not thinking about Jack. He not Top three. Ocho Jacksonville not gonna take a quarterback. New England Gonna Take a quarterback. The Giants need a quarterback. Tennessee the quarterback take Cam Ward, Tennessee has canceled. Should they canceled Shado? They tracked canceled Travis Hunter. What does that tell you? They canceled the vi visit. They reached out to the agency. Say we're gonna respectfully decline.


Hopefully you guys understand who, what does that tell you? Who Would they taking, They taking Cam Ward And, and and what ha what happens if they pull a belly flop and, and then, and then take Abdul Carter. Okay. You know, you listen, You know how the NFL works. They, they had you thinking one thing and they do another. Lemme ask you a question. Talk to me. Does Cam, does, does, does Abdul Carter make them better right now or does a quarterback make them, remember we just talked about what do you need in that division? Quarterback. Quarterback. Yeah, Absolutely. Lawrence Stro. You said you believe Anthony Richardson's gonna be better. Okay. You, you, you right, you right. But I'm, listen, You know what I look at And I look at Abdul Carter And I see him similar to that of a Von Miller, similar to that of a Michael Parsons being able to change the, and impact the game tremendously.


A play right now type of player. That's that, that's a good one. 'cause I'm, I'm not talking about, just know any type of player. I see Abdul Carter as the transcending talent, a generational of talent similar to the two players that I just named. But Cam Ward isn't you, you right. You right. You, you, you, you can go against that. I believe. I believe they're gonna, I, I believe Right. They canceled all visits. Okay. If you bless you, bless you. It it's hard for me to believe Ojo. Yeah. That you gonna take a guy with the first overall pick. Right. And you don't have an individual meeting with him. Right. You right Now. Now there might be a situation on down the line, somebody going the first round and they're like, I didn't even even meet with these guys.


Right. But you talk about a top three pick And you don't meet with them. Okay. You right. Listen. But I, I just, I Just, I didn't, I'm not saying it can't happen. Right. But the likelihood, 'cause guess what? Ocho You know, the first pick in the draft gets 40 to 45 million fully guaranteed. Oh yeah. His contract is fully guaranteed. The first four years. It's fully guaranteed. Yeah. Listen, I mean listen, I'm, I'm wishing both of those Young Bulls luck, obviously whether they get Abdul Carter or they get Cam Ward, cam Ward's gonna be a tremendous, tremendous talent. You know, being able to carry, carry over what he was able to do at and coming to a program and not Revit revitalizing them offensively.


And they, they almost look like the U of O from the early two thousands. So I'm sure he's gonna do, You know, his, his due diligence in trying to revive the Tennessee Titans and, and some of the mistakes they've had to deal with with brother Will Levi and, and yes. Malik Willis and You know, some, some of those guys, it's been a miracle. Back Lewis look competent in Green Bay. Yeah. He looks competent in Green Bay. Look very good When Jordan loved when Jordan Love. Yes. Oh, he was balling. Yes. But listen, it's easy to ball when you got Reed and Hicks and Watson and Romeo Dubs and all, all those dudes around you. So I like it. I'm Tennessee has the first pick.


Cleveland, the Giants, Patriots, Jacksonville, Vegas, jets, Carolina, new Orleans, Chicago, San Fran, Dallas. And it is so funny. You, We know the top three teams could use a quarterback. Yes sir. It seems Cleveland is leaning towards should Travis or Abdul Carter. The question is, the Giants really controls it. What does the Giants do at three? They need a quarterback. They don't have a choice. They don't have a choice and not a quarterback to come in and play right now a quarterback to sit behind Russell Wilson and Jamis Winson and Danny Dito and learn the game.


You need a quarterback for the future. You have two quarterbacks on one year deals. You had, you need a quarterback for the foreseeable future. Look, I've given Jackson, I, I look, I've given Will Levis, will Levis had Calvin Ridley and he had DHA and he had number 85. I can't even pronounce his last name. May need a quarterback. Right. Damn. So I can see that. I can see them taking a quarterback, have him learn for a year with Russ. Russ did a one year deal.


I Like it. Yeah. The Giants are gonna be the key. Yeah. And You know, The Giants are gonna be the key. You, You know what's funny? Is it funny you just, you just mentioned the draft order. Ain't no telling what's gonna happen the day of the draft. Ain't no telling. There might be a player that's someone that's picking seven, eight, or nine and they sneak up and make sure they grab the, the actual individual I want and it changes up everything on who and who goes where. True. You. You. That's Possible. That's very Possible. You never Know. We've seen that. We've seen that happen. Oh yeah. But it's gonna be interesting. I think.


I, I think for me, what are the odds? What are the odds? What's Draft King giving us on, on, on Tennessee ticket account war? They got, they got the odds out already. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Wait, what, when is, when is the draft? What, what day? I mean April what? 24th. Okay. We still got two weeks. Okay. Don't have a Not yet. I was gonna say, well it's kind of early. I'm thinking that considering they see everybody done cancel those workouts, they're probably not gonna even give you no odds. Probably minus 2000.


Does anybody have odds out draft King y'all wanted to talk about? Y'all need to put some odds out. I I'll chat like, odds wrong. You joker here. What's up? What Don't you talker to you Come on down here to mind me where I got plenty of room for you now. Hey, you see me buying TVs? He talking about what type of car should I get? Should I get a McLaren? Nah, I I you taking food off your table? I was just thinking about it. I was just thinking about it. You know McLaren right here. But you ain't thinking about paying me though, huh? Nah, nah. I I'm gonna pay you. I told you I'm gonna pay you that.


The money, the money ain't the problem. The money ain't the problem. I'm gonna pay you. Yeah. Cam Ward being the first quarterback selected is minus 20,000. Jesus. Thank you. Thank you. You be a fool. Yeah. To take that. Right? So we shall see in a couple of weeks. Oh yeah. But I think the key is at three ocho.


Yeah, I think because I think Cleveland, I think Cleveland, Cleveland's gonna take one of those defenders. What? Abdul Abdul or Travis? Yep. Because You know what, I can put Travis at wide receiver and pair it with Jerry Judy. Ooh, That's nasty. And have some packages for him at db. Yep. Can you imagine? Can you imagine Den Denzel Ward on one side and, and and, and then Travis. They got Greg Newsom coming in. Greg Newsom and Travis coming in at the nickel. On, on on certain man. Yeah, That's But put put, put Newsom in in the slot. Right. Let Trav go outside. Go outside. Yeah. That's nasty. I like that. I like that combination.


I like that combination. So it's gonna be, we shall see, we shall see. I think the kids at the Giants at three New England not taking a quarterback. No. Jacksonville's not taking a quarterback. No, you New England's not taking a quarterback. They just took a quarterback at three and they re they really like this kid. Abel has been abundantly clear. Yeah. One of the reasons he took the job. You know they always say that because of the quarterback. No, it was a head coaching job and they gave you a lot of money. That's why he took the job. But hey, it sounds good at the time. Hey, I'm, I'm gonna rock with it, right? My dog. My homie want to shine. Boy.


Hey, I swear I need to get you a podcast. Come on. Come on. I Need to get you a podcast. What can you do? Can you do anything? Can you do anything? Anything. Oh, oh bro, my dog. What? I see you. I love you too, buddy. I love you too. I love you too. You did did a real good job today. You ate all your farmer's dog, so Yeah, of course. See you have my favorite Come mind me man. You kicking it in Turkey. I like chicken and Turkey.


Chicken and the Turkey. My faith. I get him some chicks at the dog park out here. Man. You have man, he ain't fixed. He can't go to no dog park. That's the whole point, man. Man they take, man, you have my dog even put my dog down, man. Hell no. Jesus. No. Hell no. Ain't I ain't letting come see you. The


Volume When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is. Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic liqueur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


New, out of nowhere, obstacles, new all or nothing. Moments new, less than likely triumphs. Season two of The Unshakeable podcast has it all. Hi, I'm Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business and host of the show. We are excited to bring you more inspiring stories from small business owners who share the what are we gonna do? Moments that ended up changing everything. Listen, wherever you get your podcasts, chase mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank and a member FDIC. Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company


Protect your end zone with the best clean pants down. Dude, wipes come in a variety of senses and sensation like mint chill and shea butter to keep your backside protected with a hundred percent plant-based natural fibers. Don't the ball with TP wetter just cleans better. Stop being a a-hole to your B hole and make the trade of the season with switch to dude wipes, the MVP of Clean available at Amazon and major retailers nationwide. Dude wipes best clean hands down.


You know, some people say that, oh dude, business management software is like fertilizer the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say, Ooo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, ooo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com, ODO o.com.