
This is an iHeart Podcast, the Volume. Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another Epi Boy. It's been one of them. It's been one of them days, yo. Oh, it's been one of them days. It's been one of them days. Thank you ladies and gentlemen for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Y'all know me, I am your favorite aunt, my partner and co-host Liberty City's own bingo Ring of Fame honoree, pro bowler all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson, and joining us to discuss all things basketball. The third member of the group, ISO Joe Arkansas, native University of Arkansas alum. Sir, sir Joe Johnson. Joe, thank you for joining us again today. We really, really appreciate that. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit the like button. Guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts, every subscriber matter, and we want to thank you personally for helping us matter. Two years we started this thing, Ocho and I and had no idea we were gonna be able to go as high as quickly as we did.


We can't thank you enough because of your eyes, your ears, and your word of mouth. You've helped Nightcap become must listen to, must watch podcasting. So we want to thank each and every one of you that's been here from the Duration and those that just got signed on. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock now. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door. It's the best tasting BSOP cognac on the market. Don't take my word for it, try it. You will not be disappointed. Please drink responsible and stay safe. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shea Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


The link is pending in the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Alright Joe, this is a topic right up your alley. The athletic reported that over the course of the season, the Knicks grew increasingly frustrated with cast defensive habits. Publicly Knicks players made veil comments all season about poor communication causing their inconsistency behind the scenes. They and coaches express frustrations with toss defensive habits, less concerned with his talent level and more with the process. On that end, too often tos executed incorrect coverages without communicating why he did it.


After it became a theme, player's word tos didn't grasp the importance of the matter, the ability to constructively critique became a point of emphasis. Joe, it is hard for me to believe. Timbs having coached Kat in Minnesota, now he's coaching him in New York. It's hard for me to believe he didn't know what he was trading for. Floor is yours. Nah, I think, I think he definitely knew, You know, what he was trading for what he or what they was gonna get outta Cat. And I understand they want him to be more of an anchor, You know, for that defense. You know, because he he's the big guy. He's the last line of defense.


Slim foot tall. Yeah, he's the last line of defense, Unc and Ocho. And I guess they expect more of a presence out of him from being in the paint from when guys coming in there altering shots, blocking shots. They, they wanted to play both ends of the floor. Man. They wanted to be a two-way big, not just a big who come down pick and pop and shoot three, You know? But he's never but Joe, he's never been that. Don't, I mean, if you buy something, Chad, no matter what you buy, shouldn't you have an idea of what you're purchasing? I don't buy a shower curtain hoping I'm there. You know what, man? This a duvet. That's not what I bought it for. I you have to understand when you purchase something, what exactly am I purchasing and I'm, am I purchasing it for the reasons?


So when I'm looking at, I'm like, you're like you are asking Kat to be something that he is not. Kat has never been a defensive anchor. Kat has never really concerned himself about that end because why defense, no matter how great your defense is, more times than not in basketball, it's all about the offense. It's all about guys that can shoot the three, that can put the ball in the basket at a high clip. Not somebody that can block four or five shots a game. Go ahead, Ocho. Now I'm, I'm getting ready to ask Now we all understand I'm gonna use in football terms, Unc you, you understand as a, as a head coach, tibs in, in this matter, you understand your player strengths and weaknesses. You, you understand that? Yes. And I hear all the time when it comes to basketball in this era that they don't play that much defense.


No. You understand that Kat is an offensive player. You understand that he's a liability on the defensive end and you got him simply for that very reason. And I don't think he's not a, you didn't get him, You know, for defensive prowess despite him being seven beat tall. You know, that's not what he does. Hey, listen, I ain't say where, where, where's the issue coming from? Hey, You know, You know, You know what you signed up for. I ain't saying he gotta be this stopper. He ain't gotta be gobert, but he gotta have some interest on the defensive end fellas. He can't just play offense. Like to whom much is given much is required. It's a lot giving the cat they wanting to step up and play both ends of the floor. Man, you gotta be a presence down there defensively and offensively, Joe, if he done that, you think he gonna snap his fingers and all of a sudden he gonna be a defensive stocker?


Yeah, you can give me some interest on that end of the floor. Ocho know the, know the coverage, know what we doing. Right. You know, being, I ain't saying you gotta step up there and block four, five shots a game, but you gotta be in tune with the defensive coverages talking to the guards because they can't see you. The last line of defense you got, you, you, you the anchor back there, you gotta call out the coverages and all that. Yeah, it's a lot. We ask a lot of the bigs and, and, and it's, it is a tough job but he's one big who can do it. You heard what you just said. It's a tough job and you say he's one big that can do it, but he doesn't do it because he understand, depending on how much he exerts on the defense end is gonna take away from what he can do on the offense end. So we gotta get in better shape. We gotta get in some shape, we gotta get in better shape.


I don't know Joe, you preaching to the choir. I agree with you. Yeah, he gotta get in better shape. In the last five games of the series, a seven foot guy had zero blocks. Let that sink in for just a second. Yes. Chad, you heard me correctly. In games two through six, Kat had zero blocks. So that's five games a ga. So you mean to tell me at seven foot tall you couldn't block, you couldn't block Nihar or, or ne Smith or somebody or, or or aka somebody coming into the bank. Not one person. You couldn't get, not one like hey, get that outta here. That's, that's what I'm talking about. Just have to 'cause at, at some point in time, you see, see defense is all about effort.


Yeah. It's just like blocking for a wide receiver in the run game, it's all about effort. Yeah. Blocking period is about effort. If you don't give, if you don't give a d, it's gonna show. You can look at the teams that run the ball. You tell me AJ Brown, you tell me Devonte Smith, you tell me the guys in Baltimore ain't blocking you don't get those kind of backs running for those kind of yards. If your wide receivers are not blocking the offensive line job is to get him to the line of scrimmage a lot of times untouched. After that it is the wide receiver's job to knock people off it to make, make sure a, I'm gonna make you a pursuer.


I'm gonna make, excuse me, we, the way we bl did Ocho, we made you a chaser. Yeah. Not a pursuer. Yeah. So you're gonna be in a trail position because we've already cut you off from the angle. So you're not pursuing, you're not gonna ca catch him at an angle. You are gonna have to chase him down from behind. Go ahead. Ojo got a question Joe and Unc, y'all know better than I do. What year is Ka in? Ka gotta be in like year eight By year. Cat came out In what, 16 or 17? So he had a year 11. 1111. Yeah. He going into year 11.


Yeah. Okay. He just finished year 10. Okay. He's going into year 11. So he's played 10 years already. So he's seen the sample size enough of a sample size of what type of player cat is. Yeah, yeah. Understood what you were getting. Now we going to year 11 and now we complaining about him not giving effort and hustle on the defensive end when he's never done it before. But the difference is the problem, and I, and Joe, correct me if I'm wrong, is that when he played with the Timber Wolves, they didn't really, they got, that's why they got Rudy. Yeah. So Rudy could take up because they knew Kat wasn't gonna be a a rim protector, they knew he wasn't gonna be a help side defender. So that's why they got Rudy.


Now you go to, now you go to the Knicks and you get a Josh Hark and you gotta OG Enobi and you got a Mikhail Bridges. Bro, we just need you to do a little, we're not asking you to do everything that that Elijah Juan did. We're not asking you to be Mark Eaton, we're not asking you to be big Ben Wallace bro. But just, just a little effort. Just care. Just pretend you care. Yeah, I agree. I agree. I and okay Ocho I know he, what he in year 11, I'm sure the Knicks brought him in, You know, for, for his offensive parais. But defensively he just gotta show more interest on the defensive y'all. Hey, hey y'all can't tell me Kat can't move his feet, stay with guards block shots.


He can do it if he want to. He just chooses not to because yeah, you have to exert a lot of energy on that end of the floor and try to save yourself for offense is tough. You know what you but the thing is on your, they used to make you exert energy to come get that damn check. Now they made a direct deposit, they made it easy. So now nobody gotta take their ass upstairs to go to payroll. No, when I first got to the league, you had to walk your Lays ass upstairs to the the window. Take your check. Even if it's direct deposit too a Unc and we go open it right there. I need, I need oh, oh, I, oh I get my check open mine right There on the spot. I need to see how much it is. I need to see how much came out and I need to see what went in.


Yeah, because, because You know they got everything itemized. Okay. Tickets, you got an extra hotel room, they got all that stuff right there. Everything on there like damn tickets cost this much. Hey, ain't nobody going to the game no more. It's, it's, it's, it's different. When you see that paper and you see them minuses on there, you like, hold on, hold on. Yeah, absolutely. The New York in the regular season defense was almost three points better per a hundred possessions with towns on the bench. That's how, I mean, look, my cat is fabulous. I sat down and talked with him this past summer, last summer and it was great sitting down and talking to him and I know he's gone through a lot, You know, he lost his mom to COVID and You know, she was in the hospital and he had a, and, and I understand he's great in the community, but cats, you gotta care more on the defensive end because it's just, it's all about, and you have to understand where I am.


It, it's like a situation. Oh, like look, there's certain situations. Yeah, you got to blend in. Yeah. If I know, hey, when I go to the barber shop, I go in the hood, I ain't all flashy, I got to blend in. Right? You go to New York and You know there are defensive team, look at what they have. So you got to blend in. I'm not saying all of a sudden you turn into Rudy Gobert. I'm not saying you turn into wimpy, but like Joe said, just care. Just a little, just a little effort. I got one more question. Let's what's that? Next year in year 11, he changes, lose a little weight. Right. And becomes a defensive stopper as well.


Then we gonna be complaining about his officer game falling off and saying he's lost a step or we can't shoot no more. Or we can, why is it he can't be down in the block bank? Why, why does it have to be? See, they're not mutually exclusive. It doesn't have to be one or the other, right? Yeah. Why he gotta drop off? I mean, no, I'm, I'm why, why something? Listen, something has to give Joe, You know that if, if he hasn't done it for this long and then he all of a sudden he goes into year 11, You know what, I'm gonna try to give effort on the defensive end and pay attention to it. I'm gonna listen to Unc and I'm gonna listen to Joe. You know what's gonna suffer him on the offense end. Would y'all be upset if his offensive played declines? I'm just curious Because I know but here's the thing though.


Ocho, now he might get some easy baskets now all of a sudden, 'cause guess what? I see you working. What did the coach a what coaches see you doing? Hey they see you throw a good block for Cory Di right now all of a sudden they Ocho hey we got these plays for you Ocho. Now I gotta reward your effort because you gave me effort on one end, which I wasn't expecting right now. I've gotta reward you on the end that I expect you to give it to me. So I gotta make sure, hey man, let me go get the Ocho back three a quick passes right quick. Wha bam, wham wham hit it with that spot, hit him with the stock rod. I'm hit him with that speed out and I know he want that skinny so, so excuse skinny pole we call it, it's a skinny, some people call it a bang eight.


But that thing you take seven steps and it bang or they call it a glance because hey you throw the seven steps and you just glance inside the balls right there. Or we call it the skinny post Joe. So we just call hold on a seven step post ride make Year. It's low. Now below the numbers, I don't want hear, I don't wanna deal with the six Two y two two yards outside the numbers. Yeah, Okay. Okay. I don't wanna deal With the safety outside foot. Outside foot back. Hey listen, I think if he, if I think if he come back in some better shape, he can be elite on both ends. Why he can't be elite on both ends. Ocho ain't but a few bigs in the NBA that win got but a few, it's only a few. Well first of all you got three. Yeah when you got three that can really play offense.


You got him, you got him B, you got yoki. Right. I'm talking about true bigs. I'm talking about fi I mean he looks at himself as a stretch five ad obviously ad, but ad says he's a four. With that being said. So let's just, let's include ad, okay, ad Joel and bead Nicole, YOIC Kat, who are your other bigs that can score? Wim, Wim Wims out. Weby really ain't trying to bang, WEBY ain't trying To post up Wendy. Okay, that's what I was gonna say. Okay, okay. Yeah. So let, even if we include Wim, we weby, we got five really five bigs that can score. Right. Other than, so I'm just saying Ocho, it's not like he normally ha, unless he plays one of those guys, he has an advantage.


Right. He's not going against Joellen B. And normally if they're going against Joellen b Mr Robinson's going to be on him. Right. Okay. He might have to go and if he goes against Yoki, Mr Robinson's gonna be on him. So with that being said, I've just said just, just a little effort. I mean, and I get it because it's easy to fall into that trap Ocho when you start having success, Joe, on one end of the court, a lot of times you say the hell with the other end. Yeah because I, I've been there, started catching a few passes. Man listen dab that blocky. Hey Ocho, I gotta put my face back there. My hand, my knuckles getting all, all beat up.


Hey the hell with that? Hey, hey listen, listen it is like when I was in Phoenix, bro, look, I did anything to stay on the floor. Unc Ocho like you, y'all need me to chase ai. I I chase ai. YI need, I gotta guard out Kobe, I guard out. Cool. I gotta guard out Tmax. Hey, when I got to Atlanta and start dancing a little bit, shit, I ain't chasing nobody. Oh, I forgot Joe. We forgot about Shung goon from Houston. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Goon. Yeah but it ain't, but it ain't but a handful of bigs. And you mean to tell me Kat can't be elite man, please. And let's just, let's, let's, let's ride it up. Let's give it a nice round number. Let's just say there are 30 teams, there are 15 guys per team. That's 450 guys. Let's just say we gonna round it up.


We gonna say 10. There are 10 Bigs. Bigs, okay. You mean to tell me Kat, you can't gimme a little more than that. It is not like you playing all 10 of them every night. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Hey, I can see if it was like, it was like the old, when they first started out, they had eight teams in the NBA when they started out. I think. What, what was that? 47. 57 Think 47 They started. Yeah, I mean they, they started out and they only had eight teams and now you say well damn I got a big every night. Right. It ain't like that. No sir. And the game different too, so it ain't like yes it ain't, it ain't like it's bruise or basketball. Like it was, ain't nobody, ain't no ain't, ain't nobody doing like with Charles Barklay car law, they got the ball and it boom, boom, boom, boom, nah boom, boom.


Ain't nobody doing that. Ain't ain't nobody back. Ain't nobody down like that. Hey you got beep beep like the sanitation truck. Right, right. So I I don't, I don't get it. And and that's what you try and see this is what caused me to, there's some validity to this because they try to make light of a situation Ocho, You know how we do it Joe. You know how we try to do it when something ain't going right, we try to make fun and bitch man my grandma block better than that. You know we try to make light of a situation. Right, right, right. And man, hell my sister would've caught that one. He ain't catch the ball. Yeah. When you try to, you try to put humor on it, then you're like, hey you pulling to the side like bro what? Go, what's, what's going on man? Man, come on. Hey Sean man, hey bro.


Rod block it a block. Hell I'm blocking hell I like to block least I the least one block right ball. Everybody wants to catch passes. But like Mike said that, You know blockhead, I'll never forget Mike came in in 95. I had witnessed the 92 9 3 9 4. So I had gone to three straight pro bowls. I was the first team all pro led the team in receiver each year. Ocho after that 95 they tried to trade me. Oh they wanted to trade me to Arizona, they were gonna trade me. Mike Prichard the number 15 pick for Eric Swan. That's what they wanted.


So the trade didn't go through 'cause they wanted a couple of more. So they, they ended up, they said nah, the hell with it. Mike called me in and said, I said, so when I came back for OTAs, he called me, he called me up to his office. He said, what's on your mind 84? I said, I said Mike, I'm not upset that you tried to trade me. I said, I'm upset that you thought you can find somebody better than me. You thought you could win. I said, Mike, I'm the best tight end in football now I'm gonna show you this year and then I'm gonna put, I'm gonna make you make a decision. I said, I, I already know what I can do. Can't nobody see me. I said for the first time in two years I'm fully healthy, no off season ankle surgery.


So I go out there, I lead the league tight ends, catches yards, touchdowns yards per catch. Now come see me now come see me now come see me. I'm him. I said you, I said Mike, you can bring whoever you want to. There's not a tight end. If you brought him in here and beat could beat me for this job. Not one because you gotta think about it now I came, I got drafted as a wide receiver. Yeah they moved me to tight end Ocho. They move when they move me to tight end. I'm 215 pounds in the NFL in the nineties when they run it, when they running the football. It was that pretty stuff they doing now you light, you light ass. Now I leave, I leave my last game of the season.


I weigh in, I weigh in at 2 0 7. How many wide receivers right now? 2 0 7 O to playing. Damn near all of them. Damn. Two, four, they two 50. Yeah two 60. Who point, look at Kelsey. Look how big Gronk look at all the guys. Ain't nobody right. I said Mike can't nobody do what I do. But he said 84 I need you to block. He said if he said if, if, if I just put you in on passing downs and I put somebody else in running down, don't you think they going to be able to key on that? Mm. I said, he says I'm not ask. He said, I'm not asking you to be one of these dominant, I'm not asking you to be what Washington have or what the charges have. He said, I just need you to care.


Okay. That's what you need. Gotcha. Yeah. Go look at TD numbers In 96. In 97 in 98 he went 1530. He went 1750. He went 2008. Laying in hat you laying in hand. Hey, hey, hey you tell me hey you ain't gonna always put me at the point of attack bro. You ask what am I supposed to do at 2 28 with Reggie? What am I supposed, what, what am I supposed to do with Kevin? Come on man. Let's be real. Hey Them boy moving something around ain't they?


Yeah. Well look I got oh Joe, I got pride. I do got pride. I ain't gonna just let her whip my ass all day but they gonna win more than I gonna win. Let's just be real. Absolutely. So, but that, and that's, that's Kat, Kat still has three what? Three more years left on a deal that pays him 220 million. Kat can go get another deal. Ka came out. How was Kat 19? So Kat's what, 30 Now Kat can go get him another deal. He can go get him another $300 million deal. Yeah. All you gotta do is get Cat 20, Kat 29 man. Come on. 29. Hey, after next year, if Kat come back say, You know what I'm gonna give y'all double, double.


I'm gonna give y'all 2010. I'm gonna give y'all two blocks a game. Watch them come to Kat and say, Hey Kat, you want this four year extension for like two 50? Yeah. 'cause if he, if he got them type of numbers, they gonna be back in the Eastern. They gonna be right, be right back. Yeah, because here's the thing, Boston's not gonna be the same the Boston team that came into the season this, this past season. Right. That's not, they're not gonna be that same team. Wait, what? What They're not, are you saying they going to, they're gonna have a, a different team or you just saying they're not gonna be the same because Jason Tatum is not playing Jason Tatum. I would, I would not be surprised if two or two or three players get traded off that team. Fuck. Damn. I would not be surprised. Absolutely not.


'cause here's the thing, Ocho, why am I gonna keep it together with no chance of winning a championship? You think I'm gonna play that big, that big ass pay roll go to that second apron a repeater tax? Oh, absolutely not. Well hold on, hold on. I'm just, just Are you, you would know better than me. So you're saying Jalen Brown wouldn't be there? I believe he'll be, I I think he, I think he holiday, holiday white, two or three of that combination gonna be there. Gone gonna be gone. Okay. Oh wow. I think Ping might, Pinga might be the first one to go. He might be the first ball to drop. No. Oh seriously? Yeah. He might be the first ball to drop. And I agree. And, and, and then like I said, Ocho Ocho, I ain't got no chance.


Right. I'm not winning. 'cause guess what? You already lost to the Knicks and you going, you lost to the Knicks with Jason Tatum doing what he doing. How you gonna beat him without him? Okay, I got you. Okay. The Pacers The Pacers are not gonna go. The Pacers not taking a step back. They got guys, they got of the contract. So let's just say for the sake, now all of a sudden we don't know what the heat's gonna do. There gonna be moves that's gonna be made. But I just don't see the Celtics, the team that came into the season. Jason Tatum notwithstanding I don't see that team. I don't see that same team coming back. I don't either, man. Like I've always said, I think it's gonna be some big moves made this summer and it's gonna be great for the game.


It's gonna be great for the game. I'm looking forward to it. But yeah, I do. I agree. I think a couple of them guys are gonna be gone this summer and I'm not sure what Boston's gonna look like next year. Brown holiday. Derrick White ERs we're gonna pull up their salaries and and and and and what it and because they're already in that second apron. Yeah, because what, what they've wanted to do. The players associations say we don't want no more super teams. And the owners say we don't want no more super teams. So we gonna try to make it cost prohibitive. Even if you winning championships Ocho, I mean I think they said, hold on. I think they said in the la like the last three years, golden State has spent half a billion in luxury tax.


458 million. What? Yes. Boy Man. Yes. Now that's on top of Steph Curry, one of the highest paid that's on top of Draymond making big dollars. So now they took on 60 million. Jimmy Butler gonna get 60 million a year. So they made it really cost prohibitive. You gotta 20 25, 20 26 salary. You got Jalen Brown making 53 million. You got Jason Tatum making 54 million. You got holiday making 32 million. You got Ians making 30 million. You got Derrick White making 28 million.


And then it goes 57 for Jalen Brown, 58 for Tatum, 34 for holiday. Pingus only has one year left. So he's, he's a prime candidate. 'cause guess what? His salary coming off the books after next year. So he's primed. He good is gone. 90% he gone, Derek White salary after next year, 30 million, then it goes 61, 62, 37, 32. Then it goes 64 67. It breaking it up my boy. Hey, see now, now this, this gives people a better perspective. You know, let's, I wanna talk about reality. I don't mean to go away from the game of basketball. That's why Now I see why them boys get all the Pickens.


Oh, okay. But I You heard Unc run them numbers down. Huh? When you making money like that, boy, you get to pick who you want. Huh? Boy, You get to shake a stick at it And listen whatever, whatever you want. What you, what they gonna say no Child? Yeah. And Jason Tatums what? 26, 27. So guess what? In two years. So basically by the time he come back good and have a good year in 26, 27, they gonna say they gonna wanna him again for another three Ocho. He's 27 Depending on how He, so he's not gonna play next year. He just played the first year. So guess what he'll play, he'll miss 25, 26.


Right. He come out and have a good year, 26, 27 with two years left. Hey, we got three years for you. He gonna come back, right? Ocho? Yeah. Oh, for sure. Yeah. Ain't come back. The first person, if I'm not mistaken, if I read correctly, he had the same doctor do his surgery that did Kevin Durant's surgery. Hey, He's straight. He's straight. If I'm not mistaken, Neil Tro, Dr. Tro did Kobe's at Curl and Job. I mean they have like, they, if you la if you playing the LA market, you probably gonna go have the Sur surgery at Curl and Job be it back, shoulder, knee, Achilles. They're the best. They did my hips, both of 'em and did an unbelievable job.


I mean I was walking unassisted 10 days. The first surgery, seven days. The second one unassisted, no walker, no cane walking. What's the name of the name of the doctor? Who at Curl and Job that did Achilles? Yeah, Neil tro. So is is he, does he specialize in only the Achilles or other areas of the body? He achilles, they look, they got guys that all they do is shoulders. They got guys, all they do is hips go. They got guys that do knees. They got guys that do Achilles. They got hay. Yeah. That's a And they good. Hey they could, they could, you think they could fix my my finger? Yeah, but why?


Because it stay, it stay, it won't straighten up. That's, that's how it is. Just like that. Good. Perfect. Perfect for drinking tea. You want Hey joke. My finger, my finger don't go down man. It just stay just a, Hey look, we all league the game. What's some war wounds, bro? Oh yeah, some For all fashion. You not getting outta no professional sport thinking you gonna just walk up. You gonna be limping about it. There some way somehow. Yeah, It's not, oh, I, I got lucky. I had, I had no injuries but it just, it it bothered me. My my daughter, my daughter, my younger kids be making fun of me. Daddy. What's, what's wrong with your finger? I said it's not even that bad. You said straight it out then.


And that's, that's, that's I could do. Hey, you see? Hey, hey Joe. You ever seen Tory Holt head from playing? Unc? You seen Tory hol Head? Yeah. You, I see Brian balding his, his, I mean this finger right here pointing that way. Oh. That's how Torres is. Hey, hey Joe. Tory, Tory Holt I think is this hand, this finger right here is literal is like he can do like this, but the finger's pointing like he And I, he, hey, hey lion of Hollins. He used to, he coached us when I was in Brooklyn, line of Holland on his left hand. Yeah, it and point way over here. Yeah. I ain't lying. Yeah, yeah. Hey and You know football, you see Ronnie, Ronnie had a, a pinky. He cut, he cut part of his pinky off at the joint.


Ah. It's like you gonna miss some time. He like cut it off. I don't need it. I don't do nothing with the pinky anyway. Cut it off. Cut off. He cut it off. He cut, he cut off. He cut off in the game. Didn't he A after the game? Yeah, he was gonna miss some time. He said just cut it off at the joint. No, no. I that Look at Tory. Look at Tory ho's hands. Wait, You got it up? Where's that? Where's that? Yeah, On your screen. You see man? Yeah, I see it. Woo. Yeah, Munoz has got it like his hands like that too. You got B you got Baldies?


Yeah. I mean, I don't know how, I don't know how, I don't know how Tory caught the ball. He said He taped, he would tape. He would tape. He tape. He took two of 'em together. Tape 'em together. Yep. I tried that Ocho, I can't catch it like that. I can't catch it like that. Not catch the two. You know they, You know they, they catch the two, take the two fingers together like that. Yeah, I couldn't do it. No. Okay, okay, okay, okay. No off, You know a lot of offensive lineman tape together because You know they, and they're like that and their fingers be going all over the place. Right, right, right. But I did play with a thumb guard. I got my ha this, this thumb, I got it bent funky and I had to have a thumb guard on it. But that's all, that was all I could do. Hey, hold on. His, his hands got like that from catching the ball or just like, nah, he, He got caught, he got caught in his jersey when he was blocking.


Oh. He had the dude look at, look at bald, look at bald, his pinky. God, leave this on. That's how line of Hollands look. God leave. And You know what's funny huh? Is they have procedures where they can fix it, but they refuse to do it. It's done, it's done too long now. I, I ain't finn to be, I ain't finna be, I done got, hey, like I said, unless absolutely gotta habit it. Right. It's fine. If you don't like that off, you ain't getting it fixed. You get that fixed. You fixed man. Because then look, they put you under, they wanna put a catheter in you. I ain't trying to do all of that. Hey, hey, hey. Well you done been under that knife many times. Hey you, you, you hate going under that Don. Man look, I had two, I had both my heels repaired.


Joe had one in, had one in July and they had the other one in February. And people are like, man, your legs done got small. I said, let 'em cut your hip flexes, let 'em cut the muscles until your hip pl lemme see how big your legs gonna be. I said, I saying, but I ain't in pain no more. I got a, I got a, a quality of life. I was just, I, there ain't no quality of life to be in pain. You can't sit, you can't stand. You can't walk. You can't lay down. Yeah, man, the hell with that. Hey look uncle with you. I ain't gonna lie to you. That's another reason why I got so hooked on yoga. Hot yoga especially because I had elbow surgery. I had three, I had four chip bones in my elbow. I woke up one morning after we played and my arm was just stuck.


Like it was locked. It was locked. So when I go, when I go to the gym, they thought I was playing. I was like, man, I can't extend my arm. So they, they sent me right to get X-rays. I got like four chip bones in my socket. I had to go be the same elbow surgeon that Iversson used in Alabama. What's his name? James Andrews. There you go. Andrews. Yeah, I used Andrews. But yeah, I had that on top of ankle surgery when I was in college. So I done been under the knife a few times, man. I'm like, shh, if it wasn't for yoga to, to keep my limbs and that mobility. Right. You know, because once you lose that mobility, that's when you start to have them injuries. Yeah. 'cause I, if I'm not mistaken, I think Curl and Job, I think Dr. Watkins Big Watkins and Junior is in the curl and job, but they got some of the best.


They got some of the best man. Listen, I think Anderson is the, is the foot doc He outta Charlotte. He do? Yeah. You know when it has Liz Franks and stuff like that. Ocho or Turf Toe. Yeah, he's the guy. He's the guy that they go see that. Damn. Yeah. Lucky the athletic is reporting that Thibodaux has the backing of team President Leon Rose and full buy in from Jalen Brunson. But the report also adds that teams Governor James Dolan will make the final determination about the coaching situation. Shane, the coach is one lead, one level Rose and Dolan can pull in hopes of achieving a different outcome. The question is if that, does that change anything? Okay, we bring somebody else in.


Do you think that changes anything Joe? No, I don't. Not if you don't bring different personnel in, you gotta bring some help off. Get some depth on that bench. That's what they're lacking. Yeah. Stop wearing you, you starting five out throughout the entire season. Then they get in the postseason. It's even more of a grind. So as you can see when they got later in that series against the Pacers, they just got tired man. They just, there's only so much they can do. Yep. They gotta have a couple guys who come off that bench. And I understand Robinson and the, and the guard and the other LA guard that come off the bench, the guard that come off the bench Miles. McBride de McBride. They I like him too. I like both of them come off the bench.


But you need, you need a few more guys who come off. Yeah. You need about two or three of them though. Yeah, I know man. You gotta find some dudes that's hungry. It's a lot of cats out here hungry. You just gotta find some who you think that's ready to play. Yeah. His e on playing starters heavy minutes has long drawn the hour fans and players in March. MHA Bridges who led the Nixon minutes at 37 per game, which ranked fourth in the league, voiced his complaints about playing so much. Sometimes it's not fun on the body. You want that, that as a coach. But I also talked to him a little bit knowing that we've got a good enough team where our bitch can come in and we don't need to play 48, 47 minutes a night. But that's, but that's been his every name of place.


Go back and look at Chicago. Look how many minutes roles played. Look how many money Jimmy Butler played. Joke him, Noah, look at how many minutes they played. Okay, fast forward. Go to Minnesota, see how many minutes they played. Okay. Fast forward, go to the Knicks, see how many minutes his starters play. You can't play them guys that count of minutes. 38, 39 minutes a night. And then when you get in the postseason, You know you gonna beat you, you shorten your bench. Yeah. You gonna be playing them guys. 42, 43, 40, 40 to 42, 44 minutes a night. You got the opening round, you got the quarters, the semis, the quarters, the semis, the finals. And then you got the the NBA finals.


Come on man. Yeah, it's, it is tough. But You know, as athletes, man, we get in our own way a lot of times. Ain't none of them dudes gonna be coming over there raising their hand, talking about I need one because You know what, because money involved. Yeah. Because I trying to get a couple of, Hey you messing, you messing around taking my, you messing around having me sitting over there too long now. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I think, I think, but I think in, in New York for t's case, they definitely need, they need some depth on Ojo. It's gonna be hard to win a title as you can see. You know, especially when they come down to the nitty gritty. Yeah. It's gonna be hard to win a title against some of these teams nowadays. They taking away the super teams. You gonna have to have some guys that's hungry and, and and aren't scared of the moment.


Look at what, okay. KC Thunder Depth. Any other Pacers, crazy depth Boston, what they wanted last year. What they have depth. You see what you have? Okay. Yeah. You, you basically, okay, gimme a superstar. Gimme another guy. Let's say I give you a superstar Joe, and then I got you a guy. He's, he's, he's not a superstar but he's a star. He's a all, he's a, he's a all star and he's right there on the cusp of being an all NBA selection. Then I'm a surrounding with two, three quality guys. And then I'm gonna have two, three quality guys coming off the bench.


That's Caruso, that's Wallace, that's Wiggins. Now you got J Dub all NBA 13 made the All Star for the first time I got a superstar in MVP and Shea. I got quality bigs and role players in Chet and Hartenstein. Ta-da. Now go look at the Pacers, look at what they got. They don't have a superstar. I believe they have two star players. Yeah. With AKA and Halliburton. And you got guys that understand you get nim hard. You got Miles Turner, you got Knee Smith now coming off the bench.


I got math burn. See I got TJ McConnell, I got Obie topping. And then you get something, you got points you didn't expect. Tb Thomas Bryant gave it 10 big points. Three or four from the three point line. Gave you a block shot two or two from the free throw line. You see that's how you're gonna have to win going, going forward. They made it so cost prohibitive for you to try to stack with three all because you see what happens. You get three all stars and superstars and you ain't got no bench. Nope. Yeah. But when you trade for these guys, you better understand what you trading for. Because Phoenix, y'all traded for Bradley be the man was averaging 30 and you expect him to come in and now be a defensive stopper to be the third option to be a role player.


He ain't gonna go for it. It ain't. So you gotta get guys, obviously you gotta get guys who going to buy in. You talking about the OKCs and Indianas? Yes. Everybody on those teams, they know they job, they know they roles and they gonna star in it. They not gonna do nothing outside. They ain't got no business doing. Nope. This is why this is is gonna make, it's gonna make for a great finals because this is, this is two teams that we have that are very disciplined and they understand how to win and they play together. They play hard. It's gonna be a good series. I'm gonna play my role as long as I can. And then when, if somebody come along and, and the team that I'm on, they can't afford me, I'm gonna go somewhere else and make big money. But if I can win me a ring or two while I'm here Yeah.


Playing on, You know, whatever I'm making 10 million, 12 million, 14 me, whatever the case may be. And then somebody come in and wanna drop 25 30 on me. There you go. How gone. Yeah. Hey young guy, if I, well if I played, if I played NBA on, I would've been like, I would've been one of them 3 25, 3 50 type dudes. You've been what? One Of 'em dudes get one of 'em, one 'em dead. Four year, 3 50, 345, 3 50. Or you can be a Supermax, huh? Yeah. Oh, easy. You said listen, Hey, hey Joe, I would've been supermax on entertainment alone. Forget, forget, forget to play on the court.


Okay. They gonna have to max you out, no question. Hey, They would've maxed me out year too. Yeah. Catch Me. They gonna back, they gonna back you out. So they gonna back you out of the rookie contract, huh? Shit, they, they damn near might bro. I ain't, I ain't playing Shit. TV execs say they don't care about the NBA finals ratings according to USA today, 2024 NBA finals featured a matchup between the Boston Celtics, the league's second most recognizable franchise and the Dallas Maverick who held from the fourth largest metropolitan area in the United States.


It averaged 11.3 million viewers per game. The chances are the in 2025 NBA finals featuring two decidedly smaller markets, Oklahoma City Thunder and the Indiana Pacers may likely have fewer viewers. According to the athletic, the league doesn't care much about how many people actually watch because the NBA's extremely new TV contracts with E-S-P-N-N-B-C and Amazon are already set in stone, which means the most important revenue is generated regardless of what happens in the NBA finals. There's really no direct impact between ratings and financial success, certainly in the near, in the near term.


But if you have bad ratings for the next decade, then that limits your TV rights deal. But I don't think anyone in the NBA is worried about that right now because of revenue for TV are guaranteed. The NBA is not hooked on for anything other than long time TV executive said this is the network's problem. Does everyone want Knicks Laker finals? Sure, but here's the thing, Ojo, when you pay big money, the advertisers, that's how you recoup your money. That's why football Joe, for the CBO commercial, they have 250. Yeah. They get $7 million every 30 seconds.


Now if I got a bad matchup, nah bro, I ain't gonna be able to do that one. I be, because I got, I gotta reco something. Yeah. I just, what they sign 11 years 77 billion. Yeah. 11 years. 77 billion. Now I shell that out. Yo, I gotta get some of that back. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta get some of that back. I'm, I'm, I'm not sure what it my bad I say I, I gave, I I gave him too much. I gave him a billion. Too much. 11 years. 76 billion. Yeah. I don't, I don't know what executive, what executive said this, that having two small market teams in the finals, does it matter based on, You know, the ratings? I mean come on now. Come on now. Yeah. It fucks everything because people not going, first of all, people don't, people not really, it's not like they're watching basketball in, in, in, in droves as it is.


Yeah. At least they want the Knicks, they want the Lakers, they want Celtics. They want things that they recognize. Yeah. Because a lot of people are not, are not like we watch it. 'cause that's what we do. A lot of times people are just casual. Who's playing? Who? Oklahoma City got a team. I mean that's what pe that's what people are asking. I mean, if you, if you are, if you are a basketball fan, obviously You know that, You know who Shea is. But there are a lot of people that just sit down and maybe the only time that they watch it is gonna be this. Nah. Because people are not sitting around watching. Look it, I, I promise you, if Jacksonville and who's a small market?


NFCT, Jacksonville, Seattle, who's a small market? NFC. Oh, Jacksonville, Carolina. You don't, hey, you don't think the tv I like, whoa, God dang, Tampa Bay. Come on now. Ugh. You want big markets or you want big names? Yeah, I would like to have 'em both. You know what I'm saying? I the Lakers, when the Lakers and Celtics, I got lad bird, I got Magic Johnson, I got Kareem, I got mha, I got Worthy, I got Parrish.


Oh, look at the coaches. Pat Riley, KC Jones, bill Fitch, them them, them historian them. Historian, yes. All power across the board. Oh, you got LeBron. Now if you got, think about it, you got a small market, but you got LeBron and you got Chef Steph. Now you got Steph Curry and you got Kevin Durant. Hey, look, I, I understand, I understand all that. I understand what you and Ocho saying, but I do think this is gonna be an interesting final though. Yeah. Like, I, I'm very intrigued on how this is going to go. Obviously I got my pick, but man, the, the, the, the way these teams have played throughout this postseason, especially Indiana being an underdog in every three, all three, all three rounds.


Yeah. I mean, how many times we gonna keep counting mine? And the funny thing about it, I I I think about it for, for people that aren't really basketball fans, I think there's nothing that is going to be able to pull the viewer who doesn't watch basketball based on the teams that are in the finals. Who's the draw outside of SGA if you're not a basketball fan now people that love the game of basketball, Joe, Unc, You know, well obviously me, we gonna, we gonna, we tune it in. We Watch. Yeah. We gonna watch regardless. Yeah. We gonna watch regardless. But You know, because We fans of the game. But everybody's not a die hard though. Ocho Exactly. And what you're saying, everybody's not a die hard.


Now if the, if the Celtics was playing or the Nixon playing, hell, it could be somebody don't even watch basketball. Well, oh yeah, I know about the goddamn Knicks. I can relate to he, You know about the Celtics. Yep. No, even though I don't watch the game, I'm finna tune in just because Yeah, Shaq says he, he thinks all markets are the same in the NBA social media is the market. Now not every market is the same. Nobody cares what city you're in anymore. This ain't the nineties. I don't know if I agree with that. Well, he, I think he's saying because of social media, the world is a lot smaller. Meaning it's not many moments that you gonna miss. I don't care what you Oh no. Yeah, yeah. You gonna catch every moment as opposed to back in the nineties, You know, if you wasn't watching the game then you missed it.


You missed it. Yeah. You know what I mean? But the, but the, the, the, the problem is the O Joe and Ocho I think is that when you look at it, if the two teams look at, let, let's, let's say, let's just say for the sake of argument, this wasn't the NBA finals on a Tuesday night. You watching Indiana and OKC, now I'm gonna give you that same Tuesday night. I'm gonna give you Boston, I'm gonna give you Boston and the Lakers. Are you watching? I give you, I'll give, I'll tell you what I, what I do. I give you the Knicks and Golden State you are watching. So markets do matter. They do. Yeah. And I listen outside of Marcus, the players playing. Absolutely. That's, but see that's a, because here's the thing, that's a superstar driven league.


Right. That's why you want one. And that's why you get him. That's why everybody was shocked, man. Y'all got Lucas. Y'all traded him. He 25. He about to be, he he turned 26 in two months because that, they don't come along very often. You are very, you are very, you're very, very lucky. If you get a guy and he turns into Luca, you get a LeBron James, you do you boy, you move heaven and earth to keep him. You get a Steph Curry, you get a Jordan, you get a a, a a a magic, a Steph Curry. Kevin dur you, you, hey, if I get a shot, Kobe and I ain't giving them up. Nah, y'all going down the vine here.


Nah, hell nah. That's why when the teams get a quarterback, Ocho quarterbacks has always been the position that they had the better best chance of finishing out their career with one team. Especially if you get you a good one. 'cause you understand how hard they are to come by. And hell, the casual fan can see that when you wonder why certain teams don't have success and they have a merry go, a murder round of quarterbacks every two to three years. Now you see why Shas released a tweet today that announced the Utah Jazz are hiring Boston Celtics, assistant general manager, Austin Ang as the franchisees president of basketball operations. Huh? What's this thing called?


What did it start With? An in Oh, oh my bad. My bad, my bad. Horses tell me that. Him and Tim Bo Temps, now you say his name. Bon Temps. Bon Talks. Ange has spent the past 14 years working in Boston's front office, including the last six of his current General Road. Danny Ange is currently the CEO of the jazz. The internet actor reacted accordingly. No mention of who his father is. Huh, good point. Which y'all thought this was, huh? Y'all thought we was playing. Hey, y'all thought y'all thought, y'all thought they were playing piping over there? They not playing man.


They do. Look, look how, look how many coaches hired their sons? Ocho Ocho and, and I don't know if, I don't know how often well hell Rick Edman son, Dave Adam and he's the coach of what you call him. But I guess his dad didn't have no, they didn't have no pull. They ain't help him get nothing. Yeah, we quick to, we quick to do that. We, but we, nah man, I want you to get it out the mud, huh? Nah, I laid asphalt down for you could walk comfortably. You ain't see, but you see. But but ain't nobody, ain't nobody said nothing. Ain't nobody said a word. Ain't nothing, ain't nobody say nothing about no nepotism. Ain't nobody say nothing.


Ain't mentioned Who Sha mentioned that No, no uproar. Hey, hey, I can't lie and say ain't thinking, hold on Sean, you Utah Jazz, a high Boston CEL or sister, general manager Austin age. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Because when they mentioned bro, they say he's the son of Great Laker, great LeBron James. If I didn't know better, why, why y'all didn't put the son of that? What y'all do with LeBron? Y'all mentioned Bri, y'all mentioned Savannah. Oh, that's the wife of LeBron James. But damn Bryce, Bryce going to Arizona.


LeBron James, the youngest son, Bryce James choose his every I like, Hey, look, y'all know how this thing go. I wish my kids wanted to be in media. They damn sure have a podcast. Damn. Sure would. Yeah. I mean, a, if I knew somebody, if they, Hey, I don't in the profession, in the field that they're in, I don't really know anybody in that profession. But if I did, I absolutely. Yeah. That's what you're supposed to do. Yeah. It, it's, it's, that's, that's pretty much in anything that you do. It's just like these owners, man, they had, they, they had their kids working. They see, You know, they going, they gonna take right after them.


That's you grew up. Exactly. Player. Your, your son, their daughter probably gonna play tennis. What? Well hold up, I think I read 80% of the jobs that get filled are never advertised. The word of mouth. Hey man. Hey Joe. We hiring over here, man, you oughta, you oughta put, you oughta fill the application here. I put a word in for you. Hey O Joe. Man, I heard that hiring down there such and such, man. Yeah, you oughta put your name. Hey, my boy over there. He'll put a word in for you. Boom. No application filled out. Word of mouth. Word of mouth. Yeah. That's still the fastest way to get information out. Word of mouth.


Yeah. I gotta get in the, the three fastest ways to, to get information. Ocho man, one man television, that, those are three quickest ways to get information out man. And one man will definitely get it out for you. Yeah. The funny thing about it is, is we could get information out much quicker now to the world by hitting the send button. That's the, that send button is powerful. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey O Joe. Hey Joe. Man, what's going on man? I ain't gotta hear. No, I just picking a phone call. Yeah. Hey man, nigga. Hey Joe. They Harry not here, man. That's a good job man. They, they, they, I think, I think they start you off at like 1 25, 1 50.


Really? Yeah, man, I, I, Hey man, look, I've been here like seven years, but I, I'm cool with the ball man. I'll put a word in for you now. Yeah, he liked me. Hey, speaking of that, I know you got a little connection. You know I got a little connection with the Atlanta house. I see. Did they hire a GM yet? I don't think so. Alexis said no mention of who his father is. We only care about nepotism when it applies LeBron to LeBron and Bronny. Right. Okay. Lake of Central said y'all gonna cry, nepotism, or only when it's LeBron. So Danny ain't just been taking his son everywhere he go Now that's nepotism y'all, y'all really, really he the ropes?


I honestly don't No. That with the qualifications. Yeah. Yeah. How did he get there for 14 years. So lemme ask you a question. He he only been with Danny. He is Right. So I, so where was, where was he before he left and went to Utah? Where was he? If you don't mind me asking, where was Danny Ain before he left and went to Utah? Go ahead. I got a little time tonight, Chad, because You know, Ocho said he took a nap today. I took me a nap today too. Yeah. So I just wanted Chad, so, so what the Chad said, so I just wanna know where he started at. Yeah, He was in Boston shadowing his daddy.


Oh. Oh really? Yeah. So you mean to hold on. So how'd he get the job? So did he, did he interview? Did he fill out an application? I just wanna know. Oh. Oh, Okay. Okay. Interesting. Yeah, He didn't have to fill out an application this time. Come on Chad. Y'all better come on. That's, pick it up. I need y'all to, I need y'all to come chime in. Comment. I need y'all to tell me where Austin's son of Danny Angel was before he got this job in Utah. What organization was he in? And if you don't mind me asking, was there someone that was connected to him at this organization that he's leaving?


You know what? I wanna look up the, I wanna look up the definition of nepotism because maybe I got a, I want your baby. I got a different understanding of what nepotism is. You got, you Got the right one. You got the right one. It just, it just is really quiet depending on who's doing it or taking Advantage of the, it says the practice among those with power or influence of favoring relatives, friends or associates. Especially by giving them a job. Hmm. Hmm. Say what is an example of nepotism? A common example is a CEO hiring their niece for a managerial position.


Despite the niece having less experience than other applicants hiring or promoting unqualified family members. A manager promotes their sibling or to a supervisory role despite the poor performance record while other more qualified, important employees get passed over. So I guess, You know, Danny hired the most qualified guy he could find. Well, who He sure. The most qualified guy he could find. Thanks. Keep that money rolling. So You know what us we gotta stop feeling feeling bad when we can put when we can put on, let's put on Every time.


Now I want y'all guys to come now look, don't you come now because just like I put your ass in, I'll put your ass out. I I'm gonna need you to do the job now. Absolutely. I'm gonna gonna need you to do the job, but Yeah, we gotta we gotta stop this. We gotta, we gotta stop this because it's, it's, I don't know how prominent it is Joe in the NBA but Ocho, You know it is very prominent. Yeah. In the NFL. Absolutely. How did look at, look at Kyle Shanahan's coaching. Treat. Go look at mcda. Go look at Sean McVay.


Look at LeFleur. Look at McDaniel in in Miami. O'Connell. Go look at at, go look at the guys and see how many of them work for they I tell you what, go back and look at what that 2012 pull up Mike Shanahan's coaching tree in 2012 at Washington. Check this out. Don't your watch this Ocho. Yeah. Go. So you gonna find some, see how many of these guys are actually head coaches now? Now his offensive coordinator was Kyle Shanahan's son. What was Sean McBee?


No, I'm, I just wanted staff from Washington. Hold on just a second guys. It's gonna be offensive coordinator. Kyle Shanahan. Raheem Morris was defensive back coach. Madeline Floyd was quarterback's coach. What was Sean McVay? Sean McVay was tight. End coach Mike McDaniel. Offensive sisters. Now, now we go back when they won the Super Bowl. Who was Sean McVay's defensive coordinator Raheem Morris.


Go back and look at Sean McVay and look at Matt LaFleur. Zach Taylor. See how they spread it out. Yeah. I ain't got no problem with it. But if we do something like that, we feel bad Or we complaining about it. Like I said, I wish my kids wanted to do something in media or wanna do something in culture. Think I wouldn't call up Kyle. I absolutely would. Yep. Call up McDaniel and what you call him too. Yep, sure would.


Now I wanna do nothing. So I'm Gonna go, I should go on. Damn. I should I I if they don't wanna do anything, I'd be a good, my kid's not gonna tell you who, who their dad is. Unless you like you gotta know. You gotta know if you, they not volunteering it. Hey, I Think you think I I should get into coaching. Huh? You don't want them hours? Huh? You don't want them hours? Well, Not not full-time. Like you think about me coaching part. Ain't no coaching. Coaching is full-time. Ain't no part-time coaching full-time. It ain't no part-time in NFL Ocho. It's full-time.


No, I mean we talk, we talk about nepotism right now and being that I'm proud of the Brown family, I'm sure they would allow me to do part-time assistant receivers coach. Hey, go ask If I was to ask, You know, they would say yeah, You know that right? Hey, that's why I don't ask. 'cause I'm afraid they gonna say you. That's why they asked Michael Kyle another for the job. He definitely, He definitely got because first thing I'm gonna say Joe, I'm just playing because Mr. Bowling, every time he saw me he's like, You know, hey whatever you want to do, if you want to. Right. And I said to man Mr. Ball, I'm done. Hey, hey, hey, them coaches be putting in for me hours, boy. They ain't, Hey I'm, You got already know.


You ain't gotta tell me. I remember. Yeah, listen. Hey, I'm talking. I done seen it. No, I want no part of that. 'cause I know, I know from like 90 when I, when our coach, when we were winning, we were at our apex for that, that stretch like 96, 97, 98. We went back to, we went back to back Super Bowls and we, we won the division twice. Right. Ocho they putting a hundred dollars a weekend and I ain't playing bro. 90 to a hundred dollars a week. Now think about how many, how many hours in a, in a seven day week.


Hold on. I, I done seen Hugh and Marvin and Coach Bob Brokowski. I done seen the blankets and the pillows, Air mattresses. The, the game, the game. They listen, the game plan, the get putting up the, what do you call it? The, the, when you playing the team that week? What you call the oh Yeah, cards. Oh, they they the cutoffs. They're doing that on the plane. They breaking that down on the plane. Man. I'm talking hey eyes be red as I don't know what on that plane. Yes. They, they land, they land, we land, they go straight and You know back because obviously after nine 11 nobody could drive to the airport anymore. Right. Yeah. So everybody going back to going back to the facility complex.


They going upstairs. Man, listen, hey on the, they go upstairs, hit that thing. They there all day. Monday they go home. See they wife for a couple hours. The kids, they back there again Tuesday night, Wednesday night, Thursday they get to go home. Yep. Thursday they get to go home at a decent time. They get to go home Thursday at like nine. Yeah. But Tuesday, You know they there all day Tuesday to make sure everything ready for Wednesday's practice and meetings Monday night, You know, Sunday night, Monday night, Tuesday night and Wednesday. You there, you there? No, I don't want no part of that though, Joe. Oh, Joe, Mel, go ahead Joe. What you wanna say? I just gonna say in basketball they breaking down film every day.


Different teams. 'cause we playing back to backs. That's right. That's right. It's, it's, it's a lot man. I've seen it. I don't witnessed it. The volume. This is an iHeart podcast.