
As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament. Culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Did You get to see my live on whatnot? A few weeks ago? I sold 300 pairs of sneakers from my personal collection and all the proceeds are going to my alma mater Savannah State that's going to be donated at a later date in time. The best part of the night was someone purchased a pair of shoes off my feet. For those who don't know whatnot is a live stream shopping platform where you can buy and bid on items in just about every category you can think of for the sneakerhead whatnot, is celebrating the best sneakers of 2024 with two days of crazy deals and giveaways from hundreds of sellers. You don't wanna miss it. It's on December 5th and sixth on whatnot. Use my code, Shannon 15 for $15 off your first purchase. Over $20.


Hello ladies and gentlemen and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap Basketball Style Wednesday edition. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharp Guy to your left, my left, your right. Here's your favorite. 85. He's from Liberty City. He's a bingo ring of Fame honoree. He's a pro bowler, he's an all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Mocho and bottom Right and I'm gonna fighter him. And I'm a fighter too. Yeah. Hey Keith. Lee ain't gonna put hands on you Keith Lee ain't gonna put hands on you. Yeah. Yeah, he gonna, he gonna get, he gonna get hands put on him. We gonna, we gonna get to that in a minute too. The guy that's joining us as a contributor each week is an NBA vet, one of the great three point marksman in NBA history.


That's my, and had one of his most impressive games in the championship season in which the Cavs won the championship. If you don't believe it, go look it up because it was his nine points, 11 points that kept the Cavs attached. So the cap, so the Warriors couldn't get too far away. That is JR Swish Smith. Again, thank you for joining us. Please hit that subscribe button, please hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we want to thank each and every one of you, our viewing audience and our listening audience for supporting Nightcap over the last 17 months. We greatly, greatly appreciate your support because without you, they can be no us.


Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays are upon us and we want to make sure you have a very festive holiday season. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter And. if you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. One more thing, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company on all of his platforms. That's she She Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We had our newest release that just dropped. We have got shirts, we got new shirts and t-shirts. No, we got new shirts and sweats.


Excuse me. We've also released some stocking stuffers, beanies, cruises and mugs. Quantities are limited so please make sure you get yours while Supplies Labs. Jr. Has a platform also his podcast is called R three podcast on all platforms. That's at par three with the number podcast Check Jr. Out and see what he's talking about on the golf. He's a golfer, he is a golf aficionado. He loves his wine. He is trying to become a somal. We'll see how that's going down the road, how that's going down the road. But hey, make sure you check out Swish on all of his platforms. Par three podcast. Well let's get right into it guys. The heat beat the brakes off the Lakers.


1 34 to 93. Which What you thought was gonna happen, what you thought Was happen happen. They were downed by as many as 43 points at one point in time. Swish. What the hell going on with the Lakers? They played the heat. Ain't nothing you can do. Ain't nothing you can do. Nah, it ain't just the heat dog. It ain't just the heat man. Like I, I gotta get my boys some. They gotta get my boys some help. They gotta get my boys some help man. I don't know what, I don't know what's the situation. I don't know what the trading moves is. But you already got a new coach, you got a new system, you got a new everything. Y'all love the coach. Everybody ramping and raving so it's gotta be the players at this point, Right? No, I mean obviously you playing the best, the best team in the east.


What you expect was gonna happen. You playing the Best team. Y'all not in the best three, four in the east. The best teams in the the east. Y'all better than the Celtics. Hold on, hold, hold On, hold on, hold on. Who the, who? The best team in Cleveland. The Cavaliers, the Celtics. Y'all Man, every, y'all some front runners man. Nobody care about no a no. Y'all Not better than the next to be to be all the way honest. They're Not. You're not. Y'all don't wanna bet now y'all don't wanna bet now who come out the east this year? Y'all ain't coming out the east. I ain't gonna lie. As a matter of fact switch. Y'all not even coming out the state of Florida because Orlando better than y'all while you bump Orlando. You know? Okay. All say, okay listen what the Lakers got with the small symbol size of what's gonna happen to the rest of the goddamn league the rest of the season.


But go ahead, I'm gonna let y'all finish. Nah, Lakers ain't leg is in bad shape, shape right now, man, you it just in bad shape right now bro. You, you gotta figure out for one, you gotta figure out bro's situation. Like granted he, he's bro and he is who he is and he's going at this point in time, we've never seen it before. So it looks different but you gotta, unfortunately he's gonna have bad games. Yes, it's gonna happen. Or not even, not, not bad games, but it's just not going to happen. It is not gonna be games to where we, he's we're accustomed to seeing him have, so the supporting cast needs to be a strong number one and let him play two and three, four.


Gotta figure it out. But they gotta play better. They gotta play better. They Do. But you know, simple philosophy, if you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. The only thing they changed was the coach where the results after 21 games are the same. Whoever nine, what have you changed player wise? Nothing. Well, so what you, what did you expect? We see Anthony Davis playing at an MVP level. Yeah. LeBron is not as efficient. Yeah, he's gone over 24 from the three. Yes he's had, he's averaging like 16 points in his last 10 game. Last six, seven games. I get all of that. But he's still averaging 20 what? 22, 9 and eight, which is good stats but you're comparing him to a younger LeBron. You're comparing him to comparing him to a 25, a 30, a 30 5-year-old LeBron James.


So if you look at those, you look at his numbers now at 40 damn near 40, a couple of days away from 40 compared to what you're used to seeing. No they look bad. He's not playing good. There's no way around that JR. And he's turning the, what makes it ba worse is that he's playing bad and he is turning the ball over at an alarming rate on top of it. So it compound with the problem. Now there's a lot of things that I think could possibly be going on Jr. You let me know what you think. I think maybe the Olympics, maybe he was a little tired but also he had five triple doubles and say 68 70 games last year. He has six in 21. You know what it takes, it takes a lot of effort. You could say what you wanna say about Russ, but to get a triple double ain't like the rebounding coming directly to you.


You gotta chase some rebounding. No and you gotta put the ball on the floor. You Gotta steal some re rebounds though. You gotta steal some rebounds. Like ain't no way around it. You gotta steal some stats. You gotta be somewhere you not supposed to be on purpose. So like that's a lot Of energy and I don't know, like I said, I don't know if he's hurt I don't like to speculate on what's going on with LeBron. 'cause like I said, I don't know, I'm just thinking, I mean at 39 years of age and you play in Olympics, you didn't take that time off. It was very important to him to play in the Olympics because he knew that was gonna be the last time that he got an opportunity to play on the international stage with Steph and kd. Now he had played on the international stage with KD but he had never played with Steph and I don't think that was an opportunity that he was willing to pass up even if it meant probably at some point early in the season compromising his play during the season.


Another thing and then don't tell I'm gonna let you have it. I don't know if I don't know what he gets outta playing 82 games. I understand that as you get older you value games more because you realize you have less, less of them swish. But playing 82 games at the age of 39 almost 40, that doesn't benefit him. And because I don't think it's gonna change anybody's mind because, oh man he played 82 games at 40. Nobody's gonna look at LeBron and think any more or any less of him because he didn't play 82 games. And so I think at some point in time he's gonna have to probably sit down for a game or two and that's okay. That's okay. I don't know. Look I know he wants to play because the one thing that we can honestly say yeah is that swish as we start to get Ocho, you go through this as we start to get closer to the end, hey you love the game even more because pretty soon it ain't gonna be no more.


Yeah it's over. I know, I know. I don't like though Go ahead Ocho. I know what I don't like tonight. I respect, I respect both of your, your basketball knowledge. I respect both of your basketball prowess and understanding of the game. But I don't appreciate y'all saying making these excuses for LeBron I don. I don't, I don't like that. I don't like the fact that y'all are not giving the heat credit for putting belt to ass to the Lakers. But, and that's what happened tonight. Had they had they not, had they not been struggling All these, hold on, hold on. All these different excuses and the Olympics and being tied and playing a to two games and who they need to bring in and he need help. No, the heat put belt the ass tonight. Simple as that. Okay, can you explain the other similar games they lost in eight?


Did you see Tallah Hero tonight? Yes. He had 31. Yes. He he had, he had 31. But what we're trying what? Oh, sw and I trying to explain. It's not just the game. We're trying to explain what's going on with LeBron because tonight he played great, he was 12 of 18. Yeah. Yeah. And we've Been playing like this. We wouldn't have this discussion. Listen that's how you know ain't nothing wrong with him. LeBron is human. LeBron is going to have bad games. You know sometimes like playing baseball, it's sometimes you go in slump, sometimes you ain't, you ain't, you ain't seeing the ball like you always do. It happens sometimes the receiver, sometimes you drop the ball. Oh sometimes you drop the ball and you have a bad game's. It No, no LeBron Human. That's all he showing us.


Lemme ask you a question. If you had six, eight games and you drop five passes a game, you don't think anybody's gonna ask What's wrong with ocho? I thought so. Nah And, if you dropped two passes, you know you and I both know it ain't gonna be if you drop one pass for two, three games in a row, they gonna ask. Yeah. Now imagine dropping four to five pounds. Imagine you having a game liking Yoku on Monday night, but you had three or four of those in a row. What you think people asking Ocho? Yeah. Hey I'm, I'm I don. Yeah, coach gonna have to pull me aside and talk to me in the office and stuff. Exactly. Something. Hey, but but you do. You don't think it's a little different for basketball though, for basketball.


So they touch the ball so many times going up and down the floor in transition. You think it's a little different even though he's having to turnovers the nights he's not shooting? Well the fact that they, they got the ball in their hands so much is is kind of hard to make that kind of comparison or am I Tripping? No, no it's the inefficient, it's the in it's the vast inefficiency. Right. You gotta talk about a guy that no matter how he shoots the ball, he's normally shooting 50% Ocho. He's shooting less than 40%. That's what, that's what's the alarming part. Yeah, we know he's a streaky shooter from the three point line. So we're not expecting him to be Clay or Dame Lillard or, or or or or Steph Curry. 'cause he can get hot and make seven, eight or nine but he can be cold.


But Ocho he went over 24 from the three. Hey you know what you see this is what I like. This is the testament to to LeBron's greatness. Yes. That we finally see him be human shoot under 50% and all of a sudden we're questioning that same greatness because he'd been greeked for so goddamn long. But father time is undefeated. Yeah, we saw that with Tom. Did Tom look like, did Tom's last year, did he look like he looked the previous year? Nah. No he didn't. It happens quick be and the greatness, I I don't know man. I don't know I don't think it's that. I don't think it's that LeBron. I think I find him a lot at at the times when I look at the games and I will do watch him play and I don honestly I don, I don't watch much as much as I used to.


I just look, it just seems like it disinteresting like it's, it, it's early in the season. He know he got, he gotta have an opportunity to be there in a certain time if he don't think he got the true pieces to beating right position. You took the Words outta My mouth. It's so many different factors that go into it. It is just like you find yourself disinterested wig. Do you think it's a, a situation where he like, man he looks around man we ain't really got no chance to compete for a title. Are we kidding? No. Right. A hundred percent. I think he a hundred percent think that as at times, 'cause you look around the league and you look at teams who got better, who's already better than them.


Okay. C And they got better. Okay, C you got but you still got a, a team like a Boston who one chip kept everybody. Yeah. Then you got a team like Golden State who's in your conference and they, they arguably in the situation they really good, they playing really good ball and you like you got team around you that's like continuously the Clippers. Were waiting on Kakar get back. Oh coming back. You Minnesota still looking good like he coming back eventually. But it is just, it, it is, it's so many s instances in LA like you, y'all done y'all the Lakers but y'all still like, now it's like when he, if Kawhi come back and the, and the Clippers get rolling rolling, it's y'all gonna be the B team in La.


Yeah, I think the thing James word is sounded off against the Lakers. This is what he had to say. They need to get on the bus tonight and get some White Castle burgers and drive to Atlanta and they need to think about who they are and what they need to do. Because what they're doing right now ain't even close to Laker basketball. Not even close. I mean, I mean look guys, I mean who we kidding the benches look, they put Delo on the bench and he gave a little spark but you bench was a problem last year but you brought everybody from last year team back. Rui has been inconsistent. That's who he is. dlo has been inconsistent. That's who he is.


Jerry Vanderbilt has been Nick. That's who he is. Gabe Benson hadn't shot the ball since he left Miami. I've been, I'm not, I'm not breaking news now. That's not to, I mean AD can't go three or 14. I mean AD didn't play well last night. Last night was a, was it last night? Y'all think? Last night and tonight was a back to back and LeBron and ad they played well. But LeBron has had a bad stretch, the worst stretch of his career and we're trying to piece together what it is. I don't think he'll play that way. Do I think LeBron's going to average 20 points for the season? No, I think he'll be, he might not average 25 but I think he'll be somewhere 23, 24.


I'm gonna be honest with you. The average 20 is not easy. I don. So if he average, if he average is 20, if bro comes out out this season and he just averages 27 and 7 26 and at 40 years old, No he gonna average more than that. He go That's a, that's that's, that's that's great. I don know like that's you Average. Think about it. You talking about a guy that has 21 straight years of averaging at least 25 points, 21 straight seasons. The only person that's ever averaged 15 straight seasons of 25 is he and kd. So that's just link. Exactly. That's crazy. Just, just, just to give you better context for both of y'all, obviously you, you, you both know the game of basketball.


You know I, I hoop, you know I hoop when I was in high school and, and to give you an example, hula hoop. I played football when I was in high school too. No, I'm talking about nah, I'm football high school. I average even as a freshman. My freshman my freshman year of my senior year, I averaged 35 a game hoop. How good LeBron was, his longevity and being able to do what he's done like 21 years. That's like a, that's like a little comparison between me and LeBron a little bit. No, ain't no comparison. Hey oh hey Ocho. I ain't gonna lie. If I said that I had 35 touchdowns my, my junior year, that's, that would be equivalent to what you just told me That that's doable. I only had eight and I felt like that was a, That ain't A lot.


You talking about 30 average of 35. I average 35. You gotta understand. I was, I was, I was supposed to go, I was supposed to go to the NBA. Nah. Oh. So who you playing? Oh no, six the best in the business down here in Miami. Nah, you weren't playing. He supposed to go to prison but he changed his life. He turned his life around. That's the only place he's supposed to go. Listen, Listen, I listen, I I'm, I'm a true athlete man. I got footage even though the footage don't get, I show you, show I give you that it Grainy. Yeah it don't look good. It don't look good. But I ain't gonna lie. One thing I can say, yeah. Hey you got some hella fire athletes bro.


I ain't gonna lie. For, for me I feel like athletic ability, I can do any and everything. You I could Bowl. Yeah for sure. Yeah. I could Throw baseball, I could, I could box, I could, I could kick a soccer ball. Ocho I feel like Osho is like literally one of those people who I feel like he was saying you know what, you picked your hell. That's Why you, that's why you might Well if you ever got a problem with anybody nigga I'm gonna beat they ass nigga. I appreciate that support Man. You worry about Keith, Lee, Keith, Lee, oxtail. He gonna even ffo and knock ocho out. Lemme tell you something. Keith Lee better stop playing with me. All right. He better stop playing with me 'cause he ain't gonna be doing no food critic. He gonna be eating everything through a straw. This ain't what you want, but I'm telling you not. Hey listen, hey, hey Key and matter of fact, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm gonna fight you for letting him get on there and think he could beat me anything competitive.


So we gonna go after I beat his ass and we gonna fight too. Hey I, hey let, hey, hey JR listen to me. Jay I don't care if it's Bruce Lee, spike Lee, Keith Lee. Anybody with the last name Lee gonna get their ass whooped. Matter of fact, hey Lee from rush hour she finna get it too. Got me fucked. Well why you got me hot? I was on the plane and I saw the thing. Like what? Damn They Just okay, that's what we own. And I don't do MMAI do Bo Boxing. Come on. Got hey Little Fighter. Yeah he He used to do mma. Yeah he used to be Father. Oh no, no, no.


I mess with them. Somebody was an m fight MA fighter don't mean they was good. Don't mean good I. don told me me do MA I'm not rock Roll. Hey He good enough. Listen man hol holler at your boy in that. I see The cauliflower ears and all that but got it. You want another what? You need you, I gotta to figure out I didn't do nothing. Anything he do to me after that I gotta put the air on. Hey, hey I done got too big to tussle now. Oh that, that's too bad. Yeah, yeah. That that's too bad. That's too bad. That's too bad because we gonna tussle for, for the simple fact that you even let him say Chad or you let him say Ocho the word ocean even came out his mouth.


And you should, you should have, hey you ain't finna talk about my co-host like that. Hey I take Ocho, you grab me, you gonna say ow you ain't gonna say no ocho. You say ah oh what I done done now. Hey, hey tell Keith Lee set that set, set that shit up man. Set that shit up. I don we can set it up boxing. I I don you. I don't use my my feet to kick. I don't kick with my feet. Your activate treat. Huh? Boxing A that man A he said his hands updated. Who? And they and they act. Yeah, he said they registered in 13 states. I Hope so. Mine registered too. Mine ed. Only one of us been on pay-per-view. I can tell you that. Hey man Lee, that man alone ho show Cho.


Nah hell nah you hell you all got me fucked up nigga. We finna fight now. Matter of fact, if I see you in the, if I catch you at a restaurant in Miami, I'm gonna swing on you. LeBron three with 8 55 left. The third quarter was his 2451st career three breaking the tower with Kyle Corver for number seven all time. You talking about the guy that's number one in points top five in a assist up there in steels up the, the top 10 in three point shots at three point field goals made. I mean what, what what we and and it's like we expect the man to play like LeBron to play until he 50. They still expect him to put up the numbers like he did when he was 30.


That's just know how, let you know how great he is. When you have the same level of expectation for someone, you don't have the same level of expect. Think about it swish. We don't have the same level of expectation for our parents or our grandparents as they start to age because we know physically it's just impossible to do. But because LeBron, we still expect him to go out there and sometimes give us a virtuoso performance where he gives us 50 or he gives us a 30 point triple double. Right. Or he gives us a 40 10 type of a ball game and he might can do that. But as we get older, and I just believe this as we get older, it just gets difficult even as a an athlete to do it with the ease that we once did and the rep and repeat said act.


Yeah for me it's like for honestly because it's different when you have the God given ability to do it, which he does have, but also the mind to know how to do it. Yes. What she also has, so then once one starts, like because your mind is going like especially from him, his mind gonna stay sharp and it's gonna keep getting sharper and seeing defenses and seeing stuff that he's been seeing over the years. But at the end of the day it's, you ain't going to be able to get to that spot like you used to get to that spot. So then you gotta come up with more counters and everything else or rely on your teammates and being able to rely on my teammates when I gotta go out there and get 20 instead of getting 27 or trying to push it to go get 30 every night.


Like that's what is going to happen to me. The because again, when you see that spot and I can get to that spot, that's how you, you know what I mean? Like look at Kobe when Covid in New Orleans, he pulled that thought, somebody kicked him from behind. Like that's when you start getting hurt. Like you start to kick like, 'cause you trying to get somewhere where you think you can physically get and you need the extra, especially him as Right. You need the extra Burst to try to get there. Yeah. Yeah sir. And this ah, and I don't wanna put that on him, knock on the Goodwood, but that's just, that's just how it is and, and and on the body. Like he takes obviously takes amazing care of his body. He's probably the most, he is definitely the most best fit athlete I've ever been around.


Whoa. Consistently. Whoa. And even like nah, nah, nah. You ain't got no chance though. I ain't even gonna lie to you. I ain't gonna lie. I ain't even gonna lie to you. O it's not even cloak. Let lemme take This off real quick man. Stop playing. Hey dude, what you gotta do? Listen, The most fit athlete is sitting right here. Everybody keeps me disrespecting me now. You telling me LeBron in better shape than me. Nobody look like this. B Yeah, but hey listen, Listen Jay, you See that that ain't pop talk o that ain't no pop talk. You see that? That talk about man ain even salad that ain't, This is what I do man. This is what I do. I'm in, I'm in the best shape of my life.


50. He Stinks. Sw swish. He wink the swish. He well Buck 80. Hey, hey I'm hey Jr. I'm in better shape than every athlete on earth right now at 56. Nobody want to see me B real shit son. You in New York right now? You 50. You in New York. Hell no bro. You No, we going 68. Hey are you in New York right now? 78. He born in 70. I'm in New York. Hey I put that on every bodega in the Bronx. Nobody be son. I'm telling you. See nigga word of my mother, nobody's in better shape than me. Don't worry about it, don't worry about it. Sweet.


Hey There, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Brandon Ingram denied a trade to the jazz. The Lakers are the favorite to acquire Ingram and a trade. Ingram wants to be part of a winning competitive environment. What's going on down in New Orleans? Sw He's trying to get up outta there. Ah man that's in the water. They trying to get up outta there. Trying to get From boy man game playing Big alligator man you gotta get him out that water bro. He over there eating up everything. Yeah, I didn't realize, I didn't know he was that big. Like I ain't gonna lie. Like I seen him in person and like we low key like damn near the same type. Yes. But then like around I'm like, damn doc yo, like you supposed to be a toot guard.


They planting the Four. But see the thing is we can't have healthy conversation because the first thing they say, you trying to fat shame the man. No, ain't nobody trying to fat shame you we're having a healthy conversation about why this man stays injured. Right. And the man is undisciplined. He's undisciplined. Okay. You know you have weight. Yeah. I'm not All That fat kid become fat adults And people and people try Oh give him some time to figure it out. You said that when he was 20, you said it when he was 21, you said it when he was 22, you said it when he was 23. Now he's 24. What excuses are you gonna make for him now? I, I don't care anything about nothing off the field that I don't care nothing about that woman, whatever her name is.


I don't care you got a child. I could care less about that. That ain't got nothing to do with him. Me, I'm talking about his weight, him being undisciplined and he staying hurt. Oh but when he plays but when is that He's missed 211 of a possible 401 games. That's crazy. And he got the money. Yes. And I'm here I don't know if it's true but what we reported is that he fired CAA because they got him a contract and it had those weight clauses in there. Right. And he said he deserved more bro. They gave you that contract with all would you? Damn you miss your whole rookie.


Yeah. I'm confused. Wish. Yeah. I don't know how you argue with that I don't know how you argued Patrick and you Hurt. Now It's like hey, but it, it is like to me it's like it's somebody in your ear at that point. Like you, there's no way you, you must got a homie or somebody sitting there telling you some, some shit that is not fathomly true. And you believe in that shit. You Gotta understand the people, the people around you. Especially at that level, you know those are all yes men. Ain't nobody trying to get they water cut off. So they gonna tell what you want hear. They're not gonna tell you what you need to hear. It it especially bringing in that kind Of money still a baby man. Shit, I'm not Finn say nothing.


It's 20 21, 20 24 now. But what's the likelihood? It's about time. Yes. It's about time to start figuring it out. 24. You've been in there, you did one and been in college. So you was what, 18, 19. So five years? Yeah, 24 now. And he played, has he Played a full season yet? Huh? I think he might have played one. No, Nobody played on full seasons. First of all, let me get back to that. Ain't nobody playing no 82 games no more. That's out like all that. I'm gonna play 82 and I'm be in in shape and this gonna go down as my career. Ain't nobody doing that no more dog.


That shit don't, that's out was cave man. Shit, ain't nobody doing that no more. 20 He'll be 25 in July. Front 80, 82 games is nuts. And especially if you playing for a contender. And, if you not a rookie and you trying to learn and like literally get your, like get your bearings in the league in your first couple of years, there's no way you playing 80 to 82 games. 78, 75. They not doing it. Ain't no way not no not no top dog, no Trump. Yeah, he's played six games this year. He played 24 games. His rookie season he played 61, then he went to 29, then he went to 70. So he played 70 games last year.


But here's the thing, he spent more time on the tattoo table than he has on the court this year. Mm. He plays six games outta what? 22? Six outta 22. And they still, they say he's two weeks away now. Two weeks away. What? So what you thinking, how long is it gonna take him to get back in Condition? That's 30 right there. Hey you, you know, you know what's funny is, I mean when you think about the N-B-A-N-F-L, I mean all He should be good The highest level right Uncle? Yeah. Shouldn't be shouldn't it be easy for him to not only get in shape but to stay in shape when they have all the resources? You, you got the money. Money's not an issue at that point. You can get the best doctors, the best, the best nutritionist, the best dieticians.


What is the actual problem on why someone Discipline? What is it that you don't get about discipline, doing what you need to do as opposed to what you want to do? So you mean the discipline when you in the off season, not the discipline end season because you in a when you in a structured environment, it should be easy to do it. No it's It's diff it's discipline in your lifestyle dog. This ain't no, this ain't, there's no off season. There's no on season. Thank you. There's no end season, none of that. This is your life. You get paid millions of your Life. Now watch how many people jump in to comment and say let that man live his life even though, even though he's harming his, his professional career. But see people that's never doesn't get it.


Let the man live his life. Because I remember when I said, I said the man, the man need to get His shape, watch his career. I said too heavy. He's too heavy to do what he need to do. Let that man live. Okay now they let him live. Now look at it. Mm. You know the people who say don't let him live be the same people would be able to damn dog. You should still be fun. Yes, Same people. Dang That. But see that's what I say when people tell me they're on a diet. See I do lifestyle because see life diets have end dates. They have a start date, they have an end date. What they say Ocho Oh, the next 30 days, okay, the next 15 days I'm doing a fast, I'm doing a cleanse.


It don't mean a thing if your lifestyle, because all you gonna do is once you start back eating regular like you do and instead drinking water, you gonna put right back on there and it's gonna look worse as matter Of fact, I'm so glad you just used that. That's why I don't understand while women say, you know what, I'm going through a journey of celibacy. I don't know what fuck. Because the same way you just explained it, the same bullshit you leaving behind ain't gonna be there when you start back. Yeah. Okay. I don about No celibacy. I'm sorry, I didn't mean I didn't I didn't mean to drift off topic my bad. No, But, but you know, look, I was a great analogy dog. I appreciate that. I see that. That's why you don't I was hoping he's, That was a great analogy Dog. I was hoping he, I was hoping he said, you know, like women say they going on a fast right?


Or they going on a cleanse. Right? And they do a 15 day or a 30 day or a 60 day. So what happens when you start back eating regular? It's just like a bodybuilder. You see how bodybuilders how they deplete themselves. What happens when they start back eating again? Blow 'em like the hindenberg do women the same thing. You could a, you could deny yourself water, you could deny yourself carbohydrates. But I'm gonna tell you what happens when you put it back in there, you gonna rehydrate you gonna, and then you gonna re you gonna carve up it Look like a mic Man and spill over there. It is. Yep. I ain't telling what somebody told me. I'm telling you what I know.


Come on now. So I, I just, I just don't get it. Everybody seems to be wanting to get out, get out of I I see they self, they they got rid of re Peyton, the guy just had 21 assists like a week ago. I'm like what? Damn. Y'all got y'all that good down in there. Y'all could get give away, get him a a cut. Y'all let ball Go. No, they trying A bi wants out. He injured. Zion is always injured. I mean, well damn. And you not gonna get back equal value on Zion. You're not, You're Not, Ain't too many superstars you getting equal value on now. You're not. You trade him, You're not. What if, What if you trade him early?


What if they disgruntled early? They know the history and plus they know he won't out. See to, I'm not gonna lie, I'm not, I'm a fan of trading early. I'm a fan of trading early in the season though. Like even like y'all situation right with Jimmy. Like I like Jimmy, I like Jimmy in Miami, but him and Pat but heads. So if y'all button heads, I'd rather y'all butt heads and get and trade him now opposed to trying to wait to trade that line and then you trying to make something happen and then, okay, we gonna be competitive and be in the playoffs and try to make this in, in that shake. Bro, by the time you stray somebody during the like at that trade deadline, it, you don't have enough time to get the chemistry together to really go deep and, and and strong in the playoffs unless you actually have the team for it.


If you got a team for it and you can like throw a a a Drew holiday in Boston after going from Milwaukee, you'd be like, yo bro. Oh for sure let's go. But if you gotta throw Yeah, but you throwing, you throw A mellow in Houston, you throwing a third like bro, you looking Right. The problem is the, I see what you're saying swish, but you throwing a third or a fourth piece as opposed to a first or a second piece. Right. That's a big difference because the offense is gonna initiate through JB and JT first and foremost as opposed to Jimmy. Yeah, true. Jimmy's gonna be one or two. He ain't been no three or four I. don know. I think Jimmy can be a three or four depending on race situation.


He like if he go to Miami, if he go to the Lakers he could be a three. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. Yes, yes. But the no whoa, Whoa. Hold On. I don I don in like situations he can be a I. don didn't like that hyper Jimmy technically not a scorer. No. Huh? He's a basketball. I like that. That's what people forget about Jimmy I don that he's a basketball player. He's not a scorer. He can score a hundred percent. He can defend too. He can make plays and, and make assists and make he rebound. He can do all of that. But he doesn't do anything. One thing great to where he like that's what he do. That's that's him. Right. He don't do that. Hold on. You say you say Jimmy doesn't do one thing great, but he does everything good.


Can we, can we say that Ed, everything really good? Not good, really good. Yes, But they got some issues. The pelicans, this is what Shams is reporting. The pelicans still want to bill around Zion right now. The pelicans have no intentions of waving Zion Williamson. The number one objective is to get him back on the court and build the right support around him. But what is Zion gonna do for them? What about him building the right support system around himself? I can't ocho I can't help you more than you want to help yourself. I can help him. I can help him for one.


Get get get the people that's around you. What What's the, How you start there, you know your foundation. That shit start at the roots. The root of the problem probably ain't even him. It's the motherfucker surrounding them that Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. That's okay. Don't worry about it. Nah, back. I agree. You need somebody, you need somebody with a goddamn iron fist to come there and get that. Get that. I almost said word. Get young bull together. Wrong people around you. That's all it is. If if me, if you Look, lemme ask you this though. You, you don't have the Discipline. Somebody in your circle gotta be the one with it. Lemme ask you this. If you look yourself get to a situation right o show.


Like say you say you with the name was Right? Yeah. That's me. That's me. That's me. You too Unc. Nah, nah ain with us. Just me. Just me With us Denver uncle. Well okay, you there right? And you and you're playing weight and your heyday, how much would you want? My Heyday? I about two 15. He was like 180 5, 1 90 swish One. Let's just say 180 5, 1 90. Okay. Okay. And you showed up after a couple weeks at two 15. Oh yes. That's what I look like right now. But go ahead.


But you can't move like you did Atabsolutely. Absolutely not. You can't get off the ground. You can't get get Uhuh all my Lateral and On top of that. Yeah. Availability is Gone. Yeah. You right all. So when you do play five plays here, six plays here, we gotta sit you out there and there the whole second half. 'cause you can't and You open yourself up for injury. Injury, yeah. You injury prone at that weight. Yeah because your body is not used to handling it. Your body isn't used to moving that weight. That's why you see guys get nicked. What do they do? Hamstring. It's always a soft tissue because you're asking your body to torque a weight that is not used to your body knows what it's used to moving around.


That's why people say I feel comfortable at 200. I feel comfortable at my sweet spot is somewhere between 1 95 and 200. Yeah. Not two. Oh not two 10. Yeah, the two 12. Because now that extra weight your body is not used to to carrying that. And that's, and see here's the thing, sweet. This is what you know and also you never been really nicked, you know it gets harder to maintain that weight if you get nicked because you can't condition. You ain't, you can't get up and down the court. You can't ride the bike, you can't do the elliptical, you can't y on the treadmill. Yo. That's not cool How you nick. So guess what? But you don't change your eating habits, but your workout habits have changed.


So guess what happened though Joe. Now you gain a pound, now you gained three, now you gained four. They're like, keep going bro. You've been out. How do you gain weight? Because I'm still eating but I'm not working out the same. That's why you see guys when they retire that their shift. When you see guys, I, I see dvs that look like offensive linemen. I look, Hey, you been with me, I played against you. What, who, what number were you? 65 or 77? Because you damn, you damn sure ain't have no 20 or 30 number. No 22 Because when, when, when you retire, if you maintain the same eating habits but not the same training schedule Ocho you don't have no choice but to gain weight.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's, that's how I got like this. But yeah, So I I just, I just don't get it. I just hope Zion, I hope he fi figures it out. I just, i I just hope he figures it out. That's Girl man. Because It's gonna be a situation. We Be talking about this. That's man ain't got Optimism years from now. Like what could have been Josh Hart on his $51,000 bonus from winning the NBA cup. I really don't care about the young guys. All I care about is me and, and what I'm gonna spend Jalen Brunson. You fing a ho Josh. I want a new watch. Hey, them dudes funny man. Yeah, Yeah.


Switch. Do you like, do you like the in season tournament? I hate it. Tell me why You don't like nothing about it. It's just for me it's a reason for a guy. Like it's you trying to give people a reason to play the game that they supposed to love. Yeah, true. It's not for the fans. It's not for the fans. So it's like, you like, and it goes back to the 82 games, playing the 82 game season. Like that was like, that's like a badge of honor when I came there. That's a badge of honor. If you could play 82 games or play 80 games, 81 games.


That's like being then there like a Ironman. You Was 80 green, Especially you one of those dudes. Yeah. Like I'm, I was wly with that bro. I played 82 games once, played 80 games once and played like 78 or 79 games twice. And when I tell you bro, like that shit really like that I wore that shit like a badge because when I wasn't a kid, like this is my dream. I was like, I'm not one of these kids who got good in at out of nowhere. And it just so happened like, oh 'cause I'm good, let me just go do this. Like, no, I grew up with that thirst of playing the game and being great at the game. I've been playing the game since I was three years old. So for me to be really good or great or like that shit meant the world to me.


So when I see guys who like quote unquote say they love it as much as I love it and then I hear them or, or listen to how they talk about the game or what shit they do, I'm just like, all right, like it don't like it sound like you more, you gotta say that more for you than it is for the actual genuine love of the sport. I Agree. I'm, you know what I'm saying? Like When you say, when you love something, go ahead swish ocho. When you love something, what wouldn't you do to keep it? Mm What wouldn't you do to maintain being there?


Mm. If you love something, you love your mom, you love your dad. Because when I love something, I love it wholeheartedly. I'm all in. I'm all, I'm, I ain't halfway in. I'm all in and I'm gonna do everything I possibly can because I know there's gonna come a time in which I can't do it. So I'm gonna go a hundred miles an hour to try to maintain it as long as I can. But what that Boy, bring that to me one more time. The beginning of that when you love some what, What wouldn't you do? That's what I thought. If you love something, tell me what you wouldn't do to keep it. That's all I need right there. That's all I need right there.


Boy. When you ooh, I got cheese. People See people tell you a lot of things. Wish I see better than I hear. Oh I love that. Show me You love it straight Like that. You, you, you really love it. But that's not what I see. Your work ethic that don't that don't say love that don't even say that's your mistress At all. Nah bro. You gotta be devoted to this thing. I see better than I hear. I like that. Yes, I see. Yeah like that. I can't wait to God. What you think about this?


John Morran explained why he's toned down his dunking this season. I'm not trying to dunk it all. Y'all think I'm lying. I'm dead serious. Sometimes I get knocked out of the air, a foul don't get caught. And now I'm out longer than I'm supposed to be. Sometimes the foul might get caught, I still hit the floor. But after the game you might feel a little fall. So just pick and choose man. Hey two points is two points. I get it done. That's all that matters. Yeah, I like, I like Ja but ja nice boy. Young bull. Young bull explosive as hell man. God. Lee Switch what you think? I think he, he definitely the most explosive since the road, road star. Yeah. Like he killer.


I think I honestly, I I feel him though. I feel what he's saying but I don't think he can play that way. I Don't think so either. That's him Because he feel, I feel like yeah, like that's you bro. Like, like don't let that pull you back. You better do that shit as long as you can. 'cause once it's gone, that shit is gone. Oh hey You ain't like all that jumping over seven footers and all that shit. That shit was fired bro. I used to do that. Trust me bro. I'm a groundhog. I tell you I be under the gr hole so low bro. I can't get load in the snake's belly fat that's up. But here's the thing though, swish Ain't no way Is that you don't buy a Ferrari to drive it like a Cadillac. You get it to go fast.


No sir. God gave you those fast Twit. Yes sir. To you. That's what made you who you're Right. You not This motherfucker like double seven. You not Luca, you got fast twitch muscle fibers. You are explosive. You, you've made to elevate. You have a you your, your Slender frame. Hey bro, hey it is, it's gonna be what it's gonna be. But he says that. Yeah, it's easy to say that until you get in the moment and people start talking trash and you like, I'm gonna get you. I'm I'm gonna catch it. I I'm gonna catch in the lane I got. So for you But for me, I think, I think Ja is one of those like, you don't even gotta talk trash to him. He already played with such an edge.


Like it ain't even like it's, it's it's personal without it being personal like with everything. And I I, I like that about him. So I don't really, I like I it is great to hear and then, you know what I mean, like it is probably be more of a sell to get people back on his side. But I don't see that, I don't see you not going out there and trying to booth on somebody who coming off on the, on the, on the weak side. Late on the, at the block. A you I'm gonna try and jump over him every time. I'll Tell you what Swish we'll see when he play the Lakers because we know how he did, did disdain he has for the Lakers. I'm gonna see if that hold true. I'ma see how many times he lay it up. How many times he just used the float game or how many times he actually tried to poke on folk.


Right Middle in the fast break. Watch how many times he's, he just lay it up opposed to go out that John Windmill. Yeah we're gonna see Charles Barkley says the Thunder are the best team in the NBA. Chuck says he's seen enough to declare them the best. No I don't think they're better than Cleveland and I don't think they're better than both. Better than the Celtics. The shit, hell they ain't even, they ain't even better than the heat. But go Ahead. Oh they better than heat but they damn sure for me and what I've seen and I've seen 'em all play right. They're not better. They're not better than the Cavaliers and they're definitely not better than the Celtics. What about what the thunder? The thunder better than than the Warriors. They, I think they beat the Warriors.


Didn't they beat the war? I said honestly I think they beat the Warriors. I don't think they beat the nuggets. No. Nah I didn't beat the nuggets in the seven games. I Think they beat the nuggets by one In the seven games. Oh No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Nah. With that they got, nah, I don't think so either. I don't see 'em beating these nuggets in seven Games. If they not beating the Cavaliers and the damn should not beat the Celtics. In seven. Hell, I tell you what, let, I think They what? A dog fight with Golden Stadium in Seven. What? I don't believe they beat the Lakers in seven because this the first time they beat the Lakers in a long time. The Lakers got their numbers. I take the Lakers, I'll take the Lakers over them right now in a seven game series. Even though LeBron's playing as bad as is, I still take the Lakers.


I damn sure ain't taking them over with Cleveland. I'm With you on that. I'm with you on that. I I I I'm not taking them over Cleveland. Cleveland in Boston. Absolutely not. No sir. No chance. Nah, zero chance that's happening. I definitely, I'm taking them over Miami dear. For sure. I ain't gonna lie. O I'm sorry. Yeah. Ocho it, It, listen, I don't know what's wrong. It it is cool. It's cool. Y'all don't support. Y'all don't support. It's cool. All Rock. What can love though? Yeah, that's my y got my boy can love out there.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling, listen to against the rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hello Joe, check this out. What up Joe Burrow says he bought a Tumblr Batmobile from the Dark Knight Trilogy. Each were priced at about $3 million and are fully functional, but not street legal Burrow to t Higgs and Jamar Chase during practice last week. Have I told you I bought a Batmobile? I don't get it for like a year, but I bought one. I mean it ain't Street legal. That's a flex. That's a fucking flick. I mean listen, you, you collect cars, don't you? You love cars, huh? Yeah, but they need to be street legal. I gotta be able to drive 'em on the street. I know, but some, something like that would be a collective side. Some like, you know, Jay Leno, Rick Ross, some of those, some of those dudes that collect things where you, it's not street legal.


You put it up. Yeah. And you, and you save it and later on down the road, you know it's where you paid 3 million for it. Think about it. Maybe 10 years, 20 years from now. Who knows what it might cost or might what it might be worth for that matter. What what you wanna say? Sweet. How much? Three bills. Three, three tickets. Three Meal Tickets. Man, listen y'all, I better get, get I don't know how much y'all making y'all killing it because I ain't, I ain ain't got it. I ain't Got that's a 50 50 million, A three five off the field. So probably six year 30.


Yeah. Ain't spending that 3 million, 3 million on one car. If I spent 3 million, it ain't moving nowhere because that's a house and I ain't talking about no RV and no mobile home. Yeah, no, I'm, I'm, I'm going down there to Cabo with my boys in them and go buy a villa next to them. That's where I'm gonna do, I'm not, not a Batmobile and I can driver, He, he, he must be a, he must be a huge fan of Batman or something. Must be a huge, I'm too huge. I watch the movies. I don't give a damn if he was Bat Batman. I'm not buying that. Yeah, yeah. No, I mean listen, wait. We all, we have, we all have vice, vice in certain things that we, we would splurge on if we had What?


3 million advice you Got. Oh me, you know my chief ass ain't got no goddamn vice. Not Like, that's what I was trying to figure out. Shit. I ain't I don. He probably does obviously for, for a reason to spend 3 million on that. And I think the value of whatever, whatever it is he purchased the Batmobile, Tumblr, whatever the hell it might be years from now, it's gonna be worth 10, 15 times what he paid for it. I shit better be a babe roof car type value. Something. Wagner better. Gimme something crazy. Wagner got talk, gimme that or something. 3 million for a car. Listen, I can't even, I can't even talk trash. Huh? I think it was, was it 2000 9 0 9 season?


Hell, I least a goddamn damn Bugatti for the season, for the year. Like a damn. You were fool. Yeah, but you gotta understand I was making, so it was, this was money off the field. I was making so much off the field. I don't Care. It's still your money. If people say they go to the, What was that payment? 20, 25,000 a month. Oh hell no. Yeah, a month. Yeah, yeah. Yep. No sir. And yeah, you know how I know how much, you know how I remember how much it was. Matter of fact, people in the chat if you could do me a favor, you know how Unc, you know how jail, you know how people get in trouble. But they old tweets, like when they become famous or something, people go search at their old tweets. We were playing, we were playing Philly in the preseason and I tweeted in the middle of the game on the sideline.


After I got hit, I literally, literally on the sideline I got hit, came to the sideline and tweeted, I'm okay y'all the NFL find me 25 grand for tweeting in the middle of a game. And that, that's how I remember what my Bugatti payments was. 'cause once, once they took it out my check, that was the tweet I sent out the next day. Hey, hey, hey Chad, hey Chad. If y'all know how to get on Twitter and go back to, I think I was still playing it. It was probably 2009. Two th I guarantee the tweet is still up. Damn. Find Me. Go, go search your shit. Leave my shit tomorrow. But that was so funny bruh. 25,000. Yeah. Yeah.


I, hey they find me what, 50,000 for un mother shit. Hey, that was funny. I remember that too. Hey, that was funny. Yeah, I, I mean I, I look, I like, I mean I, I gotta be, I gotta be making some serious bread. I gotta be having some serious bread that, but I don't really like, like I said, like a car like that man. And now you got a tie toss 22,000 or oil change or a a a nah, hell no. The up really not the Car. You know that. It's just like anything, you buy a big ass house, go ahead. Stuff like that. You don't, you don't, you don't drive every day. Now you don't, you, you don't, you don't drive stuff like that because of the Ain't no way, ain't no way After that. Them Special occasions.


Nah, you gotta have a, first of all, you gotta have a what my, what my boy got, he got a a a car manager? Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. He got a car manager that manages cars and all that. So whenever you want to drive, he pull em Up to the front of the House. George. I Mean what I mean he make sure you do cars. Yeah, you gotta have that. Yeah. You know like a Jay Leno? Yeah, like a Ross. What's the sign? Fell? Yeah. Ralph Lauren is in the cars. LeBron? Yeah, LeBron is in the car. Jordan. Jordan. Jordan. This motherfucker got a hanger dog. Lemme Tell you, we got a car collection that you, you better not sleep on I. Don't know if y'all know him. NASCAR Rick Hendricks. Oh, Rick, Rick? Yeah.


Well I don, Rick Old school. Old school? Yes. Yes. I'm talking about Corvette. Split Windows. I'm talking about. Yeah, I'm talking about old, old stuff. He a Chevy guy so you know all that Chevy stuff. Right. Like a Nova, like a Chevelle, stuff like that. Richard Petty. Richard Petty a Mopar guy, Dodge guy. So he got the cool, the super bees and stuff like that. Yeah. Well that's throwback. You know that cool man. They make one nine that you go to me or you go to Barry Jackson. You talking about 2 million, 3 million, 4 million. Woo. Yeah, that's what I gotta do. Hey Meko, I'm coming to a auto show.


Ocho and I coming to a auto show. Yeah, I Hold on. You gonna, You in the car like that? Swish. We go down there and buy So, let go down there and we buy. So Yeah. Yeah, we gonna buy. We like Randy Mo cash homie. Straight cash homie. I want my seats with Ostrich in that job. See y'all gonna, you know what I'm saying? No, you gotta keep, you gonna keep, you gotta keep the car original. Unless you gonna get arrested. I'm not gonna do that though. Oh, no, no, no. I If we gonna keep it original, I ain't gonna lie. I need to 68 cama.


Okay. Straight up. Mm. Okay. I like six Days big blocks. I need that. Yeah. My pops got one. He got, yeah, I, he, he restore 'em and all that. So I need, I need to match up with Pops. I need to go for a ride with Pop. I would like to have a Chavelle. A GTO. Mm. Nice. GTO God take over Illinois. Yeah. That's the must Mustang. That's, that's the must Eleanor the Mustang. Yeah. I I've never been a, I never, Okay, that's what I thought. Movie. That Was Eleanor that was going to 60 Seconds, right? Yeah. Yeah. YeahOr Was that was that, was that Mustang? Ooh.


But I do like, I do like, I do like, I do like old cars. I want to get, I wanna get a, I want to get, I like to get a resto bond. You know, it, it has that, but it's, it's modern. It's a resto it's old school, but it got modern features. Okay. See, so that way I can drive it, I can drive it as opposed to getting something that's a 1960 and you can't drive it and I ain't gonna be spitting or leaking all in your driveway. So I Was say that's how I feel about them boys with the Broncos that they doing now. You seen them Broncos that they Yeah, Yeah, yeah, Yeah. The vintage Broncos. Yeah, them drums is fire. They got the new, they got a new inside, but it still, what kind of old school? Them drums is tough. Take This out ly. So Best Stallone Stallone says he once mailed his longtime wife, Jennifer Flavin a breakup letter via FedEx.


Stallone expressed regret about the decision to send the note back to Flavin back in 1994 when the couple had been dated for six years. But a year later they patched things up and the two got married in 1997 and they stayed together ever since. What's the worst way you've ever broke up with someone? Ooh, hey, I'm so glad y'all see here. Here we go. Hold on. Yeah. Hey, I'll never forget I don't remember the yell. But lemme tell you my history when it comes to women, everybody leave me Jay Jr. When I tell you everybody leave me. I never stood a chance. So, so many people have left me to the point where I'm numb to it when somebody leaves.


Like that's, that's how, that's how long it's been happening. They always, Bro, I leave, never Listen. I'm so numb to it. I'll never forget a chick left a voicemail. She broke up with me and she left a voicemail on my phone who breaks up with somebody and not have the decency to do it to their face. Or at least, at least text it to me. Yeah. I happened not to answer the phone. When I didn't answer the phone, she left Jasmine Sullivan. I'll never forget this. She left Jasmine Sullivan's. Oh no. In love with another man. I'm not scared. Oh. In love with another man on my voicemail. I'm like, What the, that's And when I, and when I tried to, you know, get in contact with her to see, you know, what's going on.


I couldn't like I don't know if she had blocked my number or what had happened. And then like two weeks later she was with another dude. So it made sense. It made sense. I'm think you talk about I'm not scared, lines and tugs. You're embarrassed. Jealous sell that I I for another dude. Yeah. Yeah. She left me for another dude and then boom, he did it wrong. And then she tried to spin the block. I'm like, you let him spin. You gotta, you gotta let him spin the block. You, you gotta gotta get back. Get your lick back. No, no, no, no, no. I don't do no lick back. I don't do no lick back. No sir. Once, once, once, once you, once you, once you depart, once you get off the plane, you know how you can try to get back on and the, and the people. They can, you can't, you can't come back. No, we, we ain't doing that. Once you, once you walk off the plane, I'm good.


'cause everything I do, you know, you know how I am. Everything I do is it come from a good place. Yeah. It come, I'm, I'm genuine, you know. Now I'm not perfect. You know, I'm the first to say I'm not perfect, but you know, for the mistakes that I do make, you know, God, God forgive me. You know, listen, I I'm a backslide sometimes, you know, I'm a OI try to, I try to follow 10 commandments, but sometimes I fall short. You Know. Here's the thing though, Ocho probably his hard to right place is his ling. That's in the wrong place. That's the problem. Oh, I was about Say you can't make it all the way to Paris when No took it. Then they expect the flight back. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't got no problem. Hey, we all had that problem Ocho we all had that problem when we was young.


You had jam under control. I'm a good dude. I'm a good dude. I feel you. Brom good. I ain't gonna good man for a minute. He's a good man, Savannah. He's A good man. Yeah, that what got me in trouble. I was yoga. A lot of 'em told me I was good. That was the problem. I was too good. I should stayed. I had so old. But as you get older, you're like, well damn. Yeah, you know what? Yeah. Get that. Come On now. Yeah, I, I, you know what I mean? They just like, the thing is, you know, when somebody's serious, like when somebody say don't call me no more, all that, I mean, they don't really say anything.


Yeah. They're like, Shannon, I'm over it. I'm done. Boom, that's it. And you call, I think they'll be already done. Like change call the people and say, look, I'm gonna call my ex. I'm finna call he soon to be my ex because soon as they hang up, you call right back. The number you call is no longer in service. If you feel you reach this number and error. Right. Please hang up and try this call again. Dang. So, hey, it ocho it is what it is. When it runs, it course runs it course ain't nothing you can do. I'm not finna, I'm not finna blow you up and do all that stuff because you're not finna hit me with no harassment charge.


Oh. I told him, I told him Tell me not to call. I'm gonna say, Hey, are you sure? I say, Hey, I'm gonna call one more time. Shannon, don't call me. Okay. Yeah. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. Hey. Hey. What that a e scared straight. Oh yeah. Oh. You finna put that paper on me? Hey, I ain't gonna lie man. I got my heart little broke. And when I was in high school, bro, there's the only girl who broke up with me. Damn. And she told me. Yeah. Straight up bro. I was, I was well tell, tell about Come on, lemme So look. Right. So I'm gonna tell, I'm I'm gonna keep it all the way thousand. Like I ain't want go to this. I didn't wanna go to this tournament. Right. I was playing in the AU basketball.


My pops told me you gotta go to this tournament and all that. But it was like a little party situation. I had my little Puerto Rican girlfriend. I thought I was, oh, She a little mommy. Okay. Yeah. Little mom. Yeah, little mommy. I'm a, but I, I'm a sophomore, you know what I'm saying? I'm a sophomore starting varsity football and basketball. I'm thinking I'm the man. Everybody over here looking at me like, all right, cool. So my pops end up making me go to this tournament. So I was supposed to call her at like, at a certain time and I did end up calling her. I had a, I had a, I had a game and 'cause you know, we played six games a day back then, but I had a game. It just so happened I get the, like the scholarship that I always wanted. The Carolina Roy Williams came to my game.


Everything. I ended up getting that shit. Like, that shit happened literally the same weekend, bro. I get back, I get back to school, everybody hearing about it, da, da da. That shit give me my letterman jacket back, my little chain. Oh no. And it was like, nah, I'm good. Like straight. Like I wasn't gonna give her a hug and all that. She hand on the chest like, nah, I'm good. Like, wait a minute, wait a minute. Showing that. I'm like, oh Wait. She, She Gave, she gave you the Letterman jacket back and a chain, The letterman jacket back in the chain. Like, nah, I'm, I'm, I'm good beloved. Like on that. I'm like, oh shit. Like damn.


And when that hit me, bro, I ain't gonna lie. That was like the first girl I like really cried on. Damn. I even, I was hurt. I was boom. Hold on. Were you like in the people age? You Like in the fetal position in the bed, like that kind of cry where your stomach hurt. Oh. So you know. Oh, so you've been there? Yeah, Young, young. In the fetal position before. Young, Young. So. Oh, some of y'all been there. See? Yes sir. I'm, that's why I'm glad we could be vulnerable and tell the truth because we done all been there. You know, some dudes be acting like, oh, I ain't crying. No. Yeah, I done been there, man. Like that. Hey, hey, you ain't never, I don't wish that kind of pain on nobody, boy. Nope. Hey, that shit worked. Boy. Whatever ever have you ever And, if you ever able to make it right, make your right.


Yeah. Yeah. If you can, yeah. Let it be. But if you can, man. Oh yeah. Best that I ever did. I swear to God. Yeah. God. One thing, it is one thing about it, stuff like that scar. You too Jay. Like with that story you told Yeah. On facts. That story you just told. Obviously I was scarred years ago. I was scarred years ago. And one thing I always tell uncle all the time, anytime we talk about things like this Unc, you know, and you get on me too about saying it where I say, when dealing with people, you know, I always manage my expectations. You hear me, you, you, you see where I'm coming from. So understanding not only how you get 'em is how you lose them. You, you know, and understanding history always repeats itself.


So therefore I'm able to, I'm, I'm able to compartmentalize and understand, you know, I'm trying, well I'm, I'm trying to go just, just by by example. So it's, it's easy when things don't work out, I always remember and just, and trace back. Well, hell, well this is what happened back then. So I'm not finn to be delusional or anything, but hell, it wouldn't happen to me. So it makes it easy because of that heartbreak I done been through 20 years ago. It sounds, it sounds dumb. You ain't tell me that. It's been, it's been, it's been a, a protector for me because hell, when I think about it, when I, oh man, everybody left me since 1983. I ain't had, I'm shooting, I'm shooting like 30% from the field.


Hey, double. I'm lie the field. You gotta figure, I mean, well, I mean, well I don, I don't mean no harm, you know, but, you Know. Oh, so do you watch film though? Huh? Do you watch film? I watch a film. I saw the notebook and shit. I saw Pretty whoop. Nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm not, I'm talking about do you watch film on You? Oh, now I need to though. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You got, yeah, that's the thing, dog. If you don't watch film on you, you watch film on everybody else, it, it's different dog. You know, you like, oh damn, I shouldn't, I ain't even have to step to the right, right there.


I coulda just killed. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know, come on now, you know. Yeah. Watching me. Yeah. I ain't gonna lie. I'm about to watch me watch anybody age. You know, I ain't gonna lie. You probably can see call what you want. But I don know if I'm not on line, I get, man, I get, I get, I'm get chilled just thinking about you. I, you know what, What, what film are you talking about? Huh? Yeah, the film that JR. Talking about Now what? Well, I'm, I'm gunshot now, so you know, I, I done accidentally did something I wasn't supposed to do my phone's downstairs.


You good? You good, you well, you good. All you hear is all you gonna hear is a Tanya and Tar and a a a a tight barking. I ain't got nothing for you. It wasn't nothing but honest. But think, man, you know, we, we all, we all, you know, we Good God. Happy that The Volume


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase Freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. Na member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind, blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. Iheart open your free Iheart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.