(0s):
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts Lowe's nose. A thriving Yard starts with quality care. Right now get Miracle Row Threequarter Cubic Foot All Purpose Garden Soil for just $2 was $4 and 58 cents. Plus, get a free Select Ego, 56 volt trimmer or blower with the purchase of a Select Ego. 56 volt mower. The best yard starts with the best deals. Lowe's, we help you save valid through five 14 Excludes Alaska and Hawaii. Selection varies by location while supplies last.

(35s):
Okay, have you heard about this last year? Degree Change the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back, and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one minutes. Its a per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other source now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.

(1m 4s):
How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to top of welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash Your Excitement. Woo Woo. Chba Chaba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the cumba life. Visit chiba casino.com. No Purchase necessary. VG W Group Void for prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.

(1m 34s):
This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Get started risk free at greenlight.com/iheart

(2m 5s):
The Volume. Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharp, my partner and co-host Liberty City's Bingo Ring of Fame artery Pro bowler all pro. Chad Ochocinco Johnson, Minnesota. Go on the road OCHO and take back home court. Thanks to a triple double by Julius Randall. Nine big points by Jayden McDaniels in the fourth and Ant Man took over the second half with 28 big points, 15 in the third, 13 in the fourth, and they go on the road and take back home Court 1 0 2 97 over the Golden State Warriors.

(2m 55s):
Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your continued support because thanks to you all things she, Shea Media is allowed to flourish, but it's thanks to your views, your likes, your downloads, and word of mouth in telling people, Hey, make sure you check out UNC ocho o Nightcap. So we can't thank you enough. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. It is the best tasting VSOP on the market. If you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We will ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and stay safe.

(3m 37s):
Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out, supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab, grab yours while supplies last. That link is pinned in the chat. Tickets for our Not Safe for Work tour are on sale now. Eight start eight stops goes as follows. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. Shehe media.com/tour. Go get your tickets now. Check out UNC and ocho. Ocho. As I mentioned earlier, the Wolves go on the road. Take down the Golden State Warriors 1 0 2 to 97 go up and snatch home court back two, one.

(4m 23s):
It took an outstanding game from Julius Randall. A triple double 24 points, 12 assists, 10 rebounds. He also, for good measure has three steals. But Ant Man took over the second half, he had 15 big points in the third 13, big points in the fourth. And Jayden McDaniels came along in the third quarter. He was one on one from the 3 1 2 or two from the free throw line. Big big points for him. And they go on the road and they get home court back and take a two one series lead. Now Jimmy Butler was having an outstanding game. Yes. He had 33 points with about eight and a half minutes to go and he didn't scored another point. He was gassed Dojo. Yeah, he played 43 big minutes.

(5m 4s):
He played the ball well. Aman played 44. Ant Man might have played the entire second half because I don't, he normally gets a break at the, at the fourth quarter at the intermission. So he plays the whole third quarter and normally starts on the bench in the fourth quarter. But Chris French like, nah bro, you gotta suck it up. And plus you're only 22, 23 years old. I think he might be 24, but you gotta go. And he went and he did what he was supposed to do. What is superstars supposed to do? Find ways he got aggressive, got to the line and man, that hammer dunk that he put on Kevon Looney, it got him going. It got this team going and they snatched back home court 1 0 2 to 97 from the Golden State Warriors. Ocho watching this game high shaped up.

(5m 44s):
I thought the Warriors gonna win this game without Steph Curry. Like, okay, now they got some breathing room right. Let him relax. And so now we probably not gonna even think about bringing it back to maybe game five, game six right now. What did you like about what you saw from T Wolves on the road? I mean from the Wolves obviously being on the road. Julius Randall, Julius Randall cut a fool. He cut a fool un with understanding how important this game was for him and being able to contribute in helping Anthony Edwards and the rest of the, the team collectively and making sure he does what he needs to do and getting his shots and being efficient. The face of the league, he showed up tonight, the face of the league.

(6m 26s):
I'm gonna say it one more time. The face of the league showed up tonight. He had 36, he got to his spots, he managed the game very well and his shot selection and, and winter win to shoot the three. When he put the ball on the floor uncle and he got to the hole, he drew fouls and did what he need to do. I like the way Anthony played very aggressive tonight and they gonna need, they going, they gonna continue to need him playing the way he played tonight along with Julius Randall, for them to have a chance, especially once Steph comes back, especially with the way Jimmy Butler played tonight, one Steph comes back at game.

(7m 7s):
What'd you say? Game four or five you think? Nah, he's not gonna be evaluated until right before game five. So he's out the next, he's out the at least game four for sure. We know for certain You, you Think, you Think, you think for certain he's out game four. I don't know, for some reason he's out For some reason, don't he? He, they're not gonna reevaluate him until game five. Right. So yes, he's out for game four. He's not going to, they're gonna reevaluate him even if, even if the process of reevaluating him, there is no guarantee that he's playing game five. But there is a break between game five and six. There's a three day break between Ga game five and six. Okay? But we might not even get to a game six if they don't have, if they don't take, if they don't win one these next two games, there won't be a game six.

(7m 49s):
You'll have The entire off season to get healthy. Right. Hey, Jimmy, Jimmy, excuse me. Jimmy Butlin mingle, man. They played real good on It. Did Mingle, gave me great business 36 off the bench Ocho 11 of 18, three or four from the three, five or six from the free throw line. He had six rebounds, three assists, two blocks. He played his scream. Well he's plus five plus plus minus he Right. Gave you 30 points off the bench. Yeah. And I, I, I don't, I don't understand something and me as, as someone still learning the game of basketball and, and I look at someone like Jonathan Minga come off the bench in half 30, 11 for 18. He has, he has six rebounds, You know, and three assists. He was plus five, which was best among the warrior.

(8m 30s):
And you look back and I'm trying to understand and wrap my head around how Steve Kerr wasn't playing him. I just, I just, I just don't get it. Especially when you get this kind of production. I don't, I don't understand it. Well he's getting that kind of production. He, he'd have been starting, but that's the problem. He's up and down. But I think the main thing is Ocho, he doesn't leave him man long enough because look, this is a veteran ball club and so these guys used to playing together, they know how to play the game. Draymond, especially Draymond and Steph. Yeah. And so when you are a veteran ball club and you are a young player, they don't make excuses for you making mistakes as you being young. Right. Do what understand what you're supposed to do. Do it at a very high and efficient level or you're gonna sit down, What's the saying?

(9m 15s):
Cut off, cut off, Cut off My nose. Yeah. Yeah, I mean that, that, that, that's Listen, when you have a, when you have a player like that, that's putting up numbers like that, even with the inconsistencies and knowing what he can do when he is consistent and when he is on and give you games like this, even though it was in a losing effort, you want that, especially with Steph being out, you, you want that on the goddamn court. But listen, the only way they gonna have a chance is you gonna have you, they gonna have to have a three-headed monster, especially from a cor a scoring perspective for the words, it gotta be Jimmy Butler, he gotta score a will. And especially, and, and, and, and I don't wanna say garbage, he, that's, that's more, more of a football phrase. But towards the end of games he can't gas out like that because the scoring has to come from somewhere.

(9m 58s):
If it's not you, it gotta be Minga Minga. If it's not Minga, it gotta be Buddy Hill. Well the fact of the matter is, is that he has to play because, You know, he and Draymond are really the two that initiate the offense and as far as going and get their own shot is really only Jimmy. So if you take him off the court, where are the points gonna come from when you really don't have another guy that can go get his own shot. Now Minga had it going tonight and, and maybe in the future, that's something Steve Kerr has to look at and he says, okay, maybe I can give Jimmy a a blow here or there. But I don't think tonight he was willing to chance it. Right. Because Jimmy did have it going. He looked really, really good early, he was getting to the free throw line. But that's what happens O Joe.

(10m 39s):
I mean, and when you hit that wall Yeah, it's a wrap. Huh? It's a wrap. Yeah. Ain't no coming back. It's, and you see he didn't score another bucket for eight and a half, almost eight and a half minutes. Hey. But also, yeah, he, he, he don't have the legs or the energy to do so because they was, they was contesting everything. And then you say you talk about Jimmy Butler having to be in because there's no one else that could put the ball on the floor and create their own own shot. Hell, I seen Kamilla do it a few times, But that's what I'm saying. That's maybe that's, and and maybe moving forward that's something Steve Kerr has to look at and says, okay, I can go with Jim, but are you really willing to trust that? Have you seen enough of Domingo have these type of games that you feel totally trust that, You know what, I can take Jimmy off the court for two to three minutes and let Domingo do what he does.

(11m 22s):
They don't have him in long enough because you just, you just said they're a veteran team. Yeah. They don't, haven't been long enough to be able to allow 'em to have games like this. So I mean Yeah, well Still, but but see you have to look at it like this when Steph's on the court when, when they had Clay last year, you running the offense, you run the offense for j Commingle, you run the offense for Steph and Clay. For Steph and Clay. Exactly. Yeah. And so I, I think the thing is, and he got Nick Yeah, maybe lost a little confidence by not playing. He also mentioned that, You know, it's hard to get a rhythm when you are in and out, in and out, in and out. And so it play extended minutes, but I think their back's against the wall now. I don't really think they have a choice but to play him a substantial amount of minutes.

(12m 4s):
Draymond, I Draymond needs to understand ojo in that situation. Why would you contest that dunk? You got five fos, you just picked up your fifth file on a, on a, on a overturn because they caught a file one way, but they said Draymond called, got got the file on Draymond, so you got five files. Why would you give up the two points? Because you are more valuable than two points. Right? And by not doing that, so now you really only have one guy to initiate the offense. Yeah. Kamer can get his shot, but I ain't asking Minga to bring the ball up, set the offense. And that's not what he does. Now if I get the ball down on the post, yeah, he can knock down the shot. But like Jimmy can initiate the offense. That's not what Minga can do.

(12m 44s):
Draymond can initiate the offense, but he's not looking for his shot. He's initiating the offense to get people off back. Screens, pin downs, flares, whatever they wanna run. That's what Draymond can do. Draymond is look, anything Draymond gives you over four points. Thank you Lord. That's what you're hoping for. He's mainly an assist. He's mainly a rebound. He's mainly a defensive stopper. So anything he gives you in the point total as the points increases, that's another plus. He give you six What? One plus eight, two pluses. He gets you in the teens, boy you like, woo Lord, thank you Jesus. That's a good night. That's a great night. Right. But You know, foul trouble and You know, look, at some point in time he asked like, You know what, because Scott Foster's one of those guys, you're not gonna intimidate him.

(13m 31s):
Yeah. And now they're looking for cause stuff on you. Hey, what's the other, what's the other guy? Scott Foster and the other, the, the the black guy who don't be calling nothing. He don't play either. He don't care who you are. Oh, Tony Brothers. Yeah man. You Got Tony Brothers, you got Mark, you got Mark Davis. You got Bill Kennedy. Oh yeah. I don't know. You gotta, I mean I, I go to the, I go to the game, so I know him. Zach Ber, Josh VINs. You got Ed Malloy. Yeah. Well, You Know, but You know, You know all the Risks. God be here. I, I know for Going to the game, man, I going to the game. I the two, I forget. I get, forget the two ladies.

(14m 12s):
I, I forgot their names, but I, but I see 'em, You know, Hey, hey, yeah, how you doing? Good, great. Good job, blah, blah, blah. You know, just chew the fat with 'em right quick. But it, You know, just see him, like I said, I, You know, I talk to him and the stuff, You know, during the break they ask me how to do it. They pass me the ball. But it's, You know, it's, but I think in that situation like that, in a situation like that, Ocho Yeah, Draymond just conceded. That's two points. Just Let him go. Huh? Just let him have two points because I, I don't if if it's his, if it's his fourth file, okay, you wanna contest it, that's five, right? But you got five and you just picked up five. So you come back down in less than 30 seconds you are out of the ball Game. You rock the game. Yeah.

(14m 52s):
He's your best defender. So now who you gonna put on Ju Ramble, Right? Andy? Andy, You know he's the best defender. Unc Andy's undersized. Yes, but he has, but he understands. He's, hey, he's undersized, but he bring, he has a big presence. I don't know if that makes sense. You know what I mean? Yeah. Julius Randall had 24 points, 10 rebounds, 12 assists, three steals, only stepped in Yolk. Nico Nicola Yoic have recorded a stat line better in a playoff game in the 2020s. Julius Randalls became the first timber wolfs player with 20 points 10 assists in multiple games in a single postseason in franchise history. Jimmy Butler's last points were eight minutes and 16 seconds left.

(15m 34s):
In the fourth quarter, Dominga had a career playoff high of 30 points. He had six rebounds, three assist, two blocks, plus five. His previous playoff high was 18. Now, moving forward, considering he had an out of body game, you feel comfortable he can put another game like this together Ojo? Absolutely. Okay. Because when you have a game like this, You know what that does for your confidence, right? What you talk about. You know, when you, when you meet that young lady, you going and you going on your first date, you going on your first date with her? Yeah. And it, and it, and it's a hit. The conversation was good. The food was good, You know, she reciprocated everything you did unc You know how you feel going into that second date. What you I you feel you feeling like what?

(16m 16s):
I can't wait. Camika has to feeling extremely good, especially for the thought about he's gonna remember, You know what, all these times I ain't even get to play in the game. Coach Kerr had the immediate and analyst and punished talking, thinking there was issues with me or her, him and I were, You know, were, were were beefing or whatnot. And now I finally get the opportunity to play significant minutes, a good amount of minutes, a good amount of minutes, and look what I was able to do. Yeah. So that, that, that, that in turn just boost your confidence tremendously. So I'm expecting him to have a repetitive performance along with Jimmy Butler and god damn buddy. Ill, but I, I know one thing. The face of the league ain't going nowhere.

(16m 58s):
The face of the league ain't going nowhere. He's probably gonna have another repeat performance as well and try to hurry to getting the boys a fight here and fired in five.

(17m 5s):
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with a message for everyone paying big wireless way too much. Please for the love of everything good in this world, stop with Mint. You can get premium wireless for just $15 a month. Of course if you enjoy overpaying, no judgments, but that's weird. Okay. One judgment anyway, give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate for three months only. Then full price plan options available. Taxes and fees extra. See full terms@mintmobile.com.

(17m 35s):
So we all made mistakes, right? But on the up to them it's the right thing to do. But we all know degree cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with the fans. The grease whole thing. It turns up sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does 'cause Cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the OG formula. One guy even started an oil out petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing back the og Cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back at Walmart, target and other stores for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti persin for the last decade. It's the same reason why people are not happy when the recipe was changed. So listen, if you've never tried it might be a good time to try see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target and tried a OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.

(18m 25s):
Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight. You can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.

(18m 56s):
This is Jenny Garth from 9 0 2 1 oh mg. Aging is a natural process as we all know and we at the deep dive we embrace it. But I will tell you one thing about aging that I don't care for. It's the symptoms that stem from changing hormones, especially as you get closer to perimenopause and menopause. That's why listeners I wanna tell you about happy mammoths hormone harmony, it's all over social media. Happy mammoth. The company that created hormone harmony uses science-backed ingredients that have been proven to work for women. Hormone harmony is perfect for those menopause symptoms that put a woman's life on hold. Hot flashes, night sweats, racing thoughts, low moods, poor sleep, gas, no desire to be in bed next to someone if You know what I mean. Yeah. Hormone harmony can help with all of these things. I've noticed a little extra pep in my steps since I started taking the hormone harmony supplement and I love feeling more energetic. For a limited time you can get 15% off on your entire first order@happymammoth.com. Just use the code Garth at checkout

(20m 17s):
Pod's gotta play better. He played 39 minutes. He was one of 10 from the floor. One of four from the three five points won't get it done. You got, I mean you got commingle coming off the bench and giving you 30. You got Jimmy Butler giving you what he gave you, but the rest of your starting your best of your starters gave you 14 points. That's not nearly good enough. Not nearly good enough. I know Tyson Jackson, Davis only played 11 minutes. He and Looney spent a lot of time. But I need more from pause. You playing that that long a minute. You gotta give me, you gotta give me more than five points. You got to, it's an absolute must. Draymond's gotta stay outta fo trouble. He can't argue every call because at this point in time they look, they're not letting him get away with anything.

(20m 58s):
There are stuff that I saw that Draymond would normally get away with in a regular season game. They're not. And Scott Fox is the last one you wanna tinker with. Scott Foster, he, look how many times he done gave Chris Paul the hook. Hey, hey, him and Chris Paul. They got, they got be for real. Yeah, For sure. They Got be for real. So with that being said, Draymond just gonna have to be smarter, have to pick and choose this spot. Everything is not, everything is not for like to have a heated conversation about, it's not for discussion. It's not for debate. Because now it's like, okay, you think that was a bad call? Wait till you get this one. Oh yeah, 23.

(21m 39s):
They human people, people don't understand what you got. No, no. They're human. Right. You talk to someone sideways and they get an opportunity. It's just like I tell people all the time when it comes to Hall of Fame voting. Yeah. Now you done gave these people your butt to kids for 10, 12, 14, 15 years. Now you want them to put all of that aside. Right? When it comes down to Hall of Fame voting, how that work out, it doesn't know. You can't do that. You can't treat people, you can't give people Ocho your butt to kiss continuously and then ask them to do turnaround and do something nice for you. They are human. I understand what they got a job to do. But even a job Now, if they were ai, that's one thing. They don't have no feelings, no emotion tied to the thing and they just, okay.

(22m 23s):
It is what it is. Right. But when you're dealing with the human element of anything, You gotta be careful. Yeah. And dray might just need to be, be smarter about this and pick and choose the spots. Everything is, everything is not a file. Everything. Yeah. They're gonna miss some, but they're gonna be times that they're gonna give you some calls that you probably didn't deserve and you didn't earn. Right. And so that, that's that, that would be, You know, me sitting up here from the peanut gallery trying to try, trying to tell a four time champion, a two time a gold medal winning basketball player, how he should go about it. But you have to pick and choose your spots with these, with these officials. I don't know the other guy. I know it was Scott Foster Mitchell.

(23m 5s):
I think Mitchell Irving is his name. Isn't that the other official? Mitchell Harvey? I'm almost certain that's, Hey, did you, did you see hey speak speaking of Draymond, but this was so funny. I'm talking about, I might have been in tears about 10, 15 minutes, boy on Twitter, obviously Draymond, after the game, he made his comments about people trying to make him out to be the angry black man. Yeah. So I saw somebody made a a, a clip, Lord was what he said to the media after the game. Right? And then they had like a, a, a two, three, maybe, maybe a four minute clip of Draymond doing all, doing all the, we say antics, right? You know, the fling of the arms and the, You know, the kicks by accident.

(23m 48s):
When I tell you I was in tears rolling. I'm talking about it. It was, it was so funny, man. I love Draymond. Listen, if I'm tell you for me, for me, if, if I was playing, that's somebody I would love to play with. If I had to go walk on a dark alley and had to fix somebody the NBA that I went by my side to go walk in the dark alley. 'cause we ain't even know what's finna happen. It's Draymond. So I appreciate his enthusiasm, his passion for the game. But sometime you, You know, you, you, you either, you either bear in the brunt of your own issues. Oh Joe, do you see, do we had that discussion about a a hundred men or that silverback? Did you see that Silverback barely touching that coconut with his fist and splitting it open?

(24m 31s):
But who, who you telling? Oh who you telling? That's why I don't understand people. Even with the hypothetical, I don't Think you understand the strength of an actual silverback gorilla. And he didn't out, yo he didn't do like this. No. He like, Yeah. Yeah. I, I'm like, I was just, I was just thinking like, I gotta make sure I get this soup. I gotta make sure I get this thing. Hey Man, listen, people don't understand. Forget that. Did you see, I know it's kind of gruesome a little bit. Did you see though I long will wake me up? Did you see the, the chimpanzee that ripped the lady's scalp off by accident? They come with that one that had that He totally disfigured. He was a pet and he got loose and Yeah, because I mean you talk about something, let's just say the eight times the strength of a man.

(25m 15s):
Let's Just say the average man can bench 200 pounds. If he's eight times he can beat 1600. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think people understand how strong that is and the hype of that. And he probably got a bike for us. He probably got a bite for us of a thousand. Easily. Easily. I'm good. I told you. Listen, if it, if it's a hundred dudes, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna benu I'm gonna be 100 though because I need, I'll be way back there to be there. Yeah. I'm, I need to be, I need to be the last one so I can live and tell the story about the other 99. Yeah. But this was a very good game. This I, I, I mean I like games like this here. This was a very good game. It came down to the wire. Minnesota got that big guns Ant Man and Drew Randall. They did what they were supposed to do.

(25m 57s):
Your two best players need to take the game over. Now your, one of your, your best player is on the sideline for Golden State. Who is going to come along with Jimmy Butler? Right? Well Jimmy didn't come along the last 8, 8 16. And I think, I think if he could've gave given him anything, it might've been a different ball game. Who knows. Will never know Ojo. But all I know for the last eight, eight minutes and 16 seconds, Jimmy didn't score a point. And so now you're asking point get points from Draymond. Well Draymond found out now you're getting asked get points for Jackson Davis. Nope. That's not happening buddy. Buddy. You gotta run sets for buddy. Buddy ain't getting it off the dribble every once in a while. I thought I saw him shake somebody.

(26m 36s):
Mike Conley might've been but that's not his game. Commingle was having an auto body experience. He was playing really well. Quentin Post again, got in some great cardio zeros across the board. He cut into his cardio session after the game. Gary Peyton 26.104 from the field oh two. He didn't have the impact that he normally does and whatever. Moody is kind of falling outta the lineup. So Moody. Now Ming kind of getting Moody's minutes. Ocho right? Because remember in the previous series, moody played Minga really didn't get a whole lot of minutes. Right. And so kind of it is the roles are reversed now. Celtics crushed the Knicks. Oh They got lucky. Who? They got lucky.

(27m 16s):
What you mean who? Who? The Celtics. I know my baby. My baby watching she been talking about the Celtics. See all happy, You know, bouncing off the walls. 'cause the Celtics won the day. I told you, listen, the Knicks let you have this one. No, they let you have it. They let you have it in the garden. So don't be too happy. 'cause the series wheel end in three more gangs. Yeah. With Boston taking it. You don't want, oh whoa, who side you on? I ain't on no side. I'm just thinking what you call it brother. Lemme get this. The Celtics win, they crushed the Knicks one 15 to 93. They had 71 points at the half and it really was never threatened after that. They got six guys with, they had, Jason Tatum had 22 and nine and seven.

(27m 59s):
Al Horford had his best game of the postseason. 15 nine. De Derrick White had 17. Jalen Brown had 19, but the leading score was off the bench with Peyton Pritchard. Eight of 16, five of 10, two or two. He had 23 big points off the bench as they used a balance attack to route. There was 48% from the field. There was 50% from the three point line. 20 or 40, 15 or 17 from the free throw line. They did a great job all around and they went going away. Who did it? Jalen Brunson did have 27 points, but he was nine or 21.

(28m 41s):
Kat five of 18 he had 21 and 15. Josh Hart had 10. Mikhail Bridges had 12. But it was not nearly enough. This game was never really close Ojo It never, and I don't understand, we at home, you got an opportunity. I'm talking about we, the Nix are at home and have an opportunity. Uncle, the guy kind of really put this series away, right? Yeah, they, they kind of do. So I think about it, I think I think about it the past two games, You know what, at one point in both games the goddamn Celtics was up by 20. Correct. So I don't know why in my mind the thought even though they playing in the garden that maybe they would be able to hold the Celtics and some would keep the game close.

(29m 22s):
But again, the Celtics man unc, they just shooting and scoring at Will. Yep. And then the lead, there it is. Okay balloon, it's back up to 20. So I'm watching the game, I'm like, okay, it's up to 20. Hell it was at 25 at one point. I'm like correct. You know, okay this, this is the game that the Knicks like to play. They let him get a lead, let him get right, let let him get, You know, in in arm's reach. And then they come back and they run him on down. It was never able to happen today. And I thought maybe the Knicks would, would've played a little better. Kat would've been a little more efficient. Jalen Bronson did what he could, but defensively, hey they corralled him on. They contested everything and they made it very, very difficult for Bronson. I'm not sure how many turnovers he had, but he turned, turned the ball over a few times.

(30m 5s):
He had four turnover That got the eight that got there in Peyton pri. What Now you see white won six man of the year. Hey man, but listen, he won six man of the year, but he's supposed there how many teams in the NBA 30 30 teams in the NBA. Right? I think he should be starring somewhere else and not coming off. Nobody Goddamn bench not playing. Not playing away. Not what I saw tonight. You know, I ain't, I ain't really paid, You know Brother Prichard really no mind I'm, I really focused on Jalen Brown, Derrick White and got Jason Tatu and what they gonna do. But wasn't Peyton Pritchard today man? He had 23 8. Wait he 23 with eight for 15. He five to 10 from three.

(30m 46s):
Man, he was nice. He was nice. The Boston guards, they torched nicks from deep and shit. It, it was all over. Especially with the, especially with the way they would shooting night, it was all over. Yeah, I mean that's what, and that look, they didn't shoot the 60, they shot the same amount of threes that they shot in Game two. The difference is they made 'em, they made half of them. And You know, if you turn it into a three point game and you're gonna shoot, you're gonna make 20, 22, 25 threes. It's gonna be a harder, unless the team match that. You see the Knicks was five or 25 20%. So they, they plus 45 from the three point line on you. That's crazy. When you gonna make that up? Now I, again, there's Joe, I will say this.

(31m 28s):
They got to the free throw line. The Celtics shot 15 three throw free throws. The N shot 35 so you plus 18 in free throw attempts. But you are only a plus plus nine in free throw makes one team was 15 or 17, the other team was 24 35. But this, this is what we know the Celtics did a better job of closing out the third quarter because what has happened is second quarter what happened, they were not closing out the quarters. Right. And so they have these big leads OCHO and now all of a sudden Boston go on a run and now all a sudden they've closed the distance on you. Yeah. Now they got confidence. They start the fourth on a, on on a, on a a 6 0 7 oh run.

(32m 9s):
And at one point in time it was a 20 point lead they closed out once they close out the third on a, on 11 two run. Yeah. And now they going a seven. Now all of a sudden it's a five point game now Uhoh. Damn what happened? That team got confidence. You kinda reeling because you just had this big league. You like Uhoh. Here we go again. Yeah, but I got give the cel, you have to give the Cel Celtics a lot of credit. They held their composure, they held their polls. The Knicks tried to make a little run. You know they were at 25 and next thing You know they cut it to 17. Missoula called a timeout. They pushed it right back to 23. So get look, they're the chance for a reason big album. They 15 points nine rebounds, two blocks, six of nine from the field.

(32m 52s):
Three or four from the three point line. Fourth all time and playoff games with two blocks and two plus threes. This is what he gives you nothing. This is what he's capable of giving you. This is what you expect for him to give you pda. You know he had a couple of blocks. He had three blocks, had 19 minutes. He was five or six from the free throw line gave you five points. But it was Al Horford today. Kat did not take advantage of him like he did in the first game with the first game league or maybe the second game. But he had that, he on the block and he did a number on Allen. Hey Al ain't been in the league this long for nothing now. Yeah. He understand. He understand. And he go back and he's going back and watching tape and see where Kat got the best of him.

(33m 36s):
He's like, okay, I'm gonna send, I'm gonna send you to your weakness. I ain't saying I ain't gonna let you play to your strength, but give al credit, give the Celtics credit because they came out with a singular focus that was to dominate this game. Yeah. They got off to the great start. They had 36 in the first quarter. They got 35 in the second quarter, 71 at the half. And once they got that, they didn't look back. They were able to relax. They closed out the quarters and they just knocked down the shots that were open. Yeah. I don't think they did anything different. They just knocked down shots when they were open. Yeah. They knocked those shots down and they were able to close out quarters. Yeah, Most definitely. That was it. I mean hell, once they, once they came outta half Boston out scored the Knicks by 16 in the second half and damn bench outscored it outscored the Knicks 42 to 23 at at at that point.

(34m 20s):
It is really, no it's really no answer for the Knicks. Nope. When they playing that, well The Nuggets beat the thunder last night in overtime. Air Aren Gordon in the fourth quarter in overtime, this post season he's shooting 54% from the floor. He's shooting 47% from the three, a hundred percent from the free throw line plus Nico Yoki and the Thunder let one slip because Nicola Yoki had might one of his worst games. Well yeah, He said it. He said it himself too. And, and they still won the second most missed shots of the playoff game. He was over for from the three point line. So he was over for 10 from the three point line. He had eight turnovers. So he had, he took, he was five or 23, he had 20, he had 16 points.

(35m 3s):
So he had more, he had more shot attempts than points. That's never good. Right. But when you got Aren Gordon doing what he's doing. Michael Porter Jr. Had a sighting big time threes and then Jamal Murray. I mean what, what do we, what, what can we say? What can't we say about Jamal Murray? Yeah. He gets into that zone and he started dealing late in the fourth and the third and the overtime and then Aren Gordon, we've seen him hit big threes in the game. One rush pushing for LeBron. Get the brown, get the rebound. Push your head to Rus Rus push pass the Gordon on the wing. Bang, knocks down the three Right last night. Three pointer tied the game in the fourth quarter late steps up.

(35m 44s):
No hesitation. Knocks it down. Yeah. That's what you have to have. That's the mark of a really, that's the mark of a really good what we got here of a team that understand the moment. Yeah. They understand the moment we, we here, we here for a reason. Pull up that game from last night. I got it. I mean look at this Aren Gordon, 22 points plus 15 Michael Porter Jr. 21 points plus seven. Nicole Yoic had 20 points plus five. Jamal Murray 27 points plus 14 plus minus.

(36m 26s):
Christian Brown had eight points plus six. Russ, Russ gives him that energy. Russ. I mean look, like I said, it's a rollercoaster. You, you, you never know what you're gonna get. Yeah. But you're gonna get effort. Son. Just play hard. That's what coaches always tell son. Just play hard. Cool. Full speed and that We can teach you everything else. We can't teach you how to play hard. Uhuh. I know Russ. Hey yeah, he gonna miss some easy shots. You like, damn Russ. Yeah, he's gonna take some milli byside shots. You gonna say, damn Russ. And he gonna turn the ball over. You gonna say, damn Russ. But you're like, damn, how Russ get that rebound man. How Russ get that skill man. Russ knocked that down.

(37m 6s):
Yeah. Yep. You gonna say damn and yeah, a lot. And you have Russ attached to it. Damn Russ. Yeah. Russ Shake Gils did not have a good night. Seven or 22, only 18 points. Jalen Williams had it going. He had 32 big points. Chant Holman had 18 points. They didn't get much from Lou dot the bench. Did not give him what they gave him at home. And normally the bench plays better at home. They got what, two points from Wallace? Seven points from Wiggins, two points from Joe, Isaiah, Joe Caruso gave him seven.

(37m 48s):
Jay Williams gave him five. Yeah, but you have nuggets. Half four guys with 20 plus. Hey, that's how you answer the bell. That's how you answer the call. You go into, you go into a hostile environment, you got championship pedigree already. Well, nuggets Were home. Nuggets were at home. Oh, they they they were home. Yeah. The first two game was an OKC. Oh yeah. The first two were KC My my bad, my bad. But being, being able to come back away from a hostile environment and being in front of your crowd, obviously after Getting blow out by 43. Yeah. Yeah. Damn. Then that Denver shop, 49 40, 40 5% from the, from the goddamn fields.

(38m 29s):
They had 16 threes. Jamal Murray did what? Jamal Murray did. We used to seeing that. But what nobody's really talking about, about we talking about Aren Gordon. Right? Yep. In the game he had in his shooting prowess. Now to this point, Aren Gordon has evolved this game because most of the time we talk about Aren Gordon, we talk about him being a high flyer. Yep. We talk about him dunking the ball, You know, catching alleys and stuff like that. So his game is evolved to now. Well hold on now we can't just leave him by them. You got, we gotta close out on him. You know, he could put the ball on the flow too. So now he's become more of a, a, a that much more of a valuable player because it shot his own. He had 22 points. He was seven for 11. Hell he was four for six from three.

(39m 11s):
And we'll be talking about big, big shot. So I, I think, I think them, them boys gonna be right. Shay can't have another game like this. No, not, Not, not not, but not with, not with Williams and God damn shit showing up. I think, I think she had what, 16, 17, 18. Yeah, 18. And William, I think William, William contributed 30 with 32. Now you give us a little, give us a little bit better than 18 and what we used to seeing from you, You know, I think they going, they would've been all right, but he didn't. But you already know what he can do. You already, you, you already know what HGA can do. He probably won't have another game like this. The, the, the the, I don't even think this game could have been the, the nugget's gonna have to do a better job of keeping OKC off the glass.

(39m 55s):
They had 18 offensive rebounds. You get that many offensive rebounds, you gonna get a lot of second chance points. Yeah. And that's the problem that they have. They had 18 offensive rebounds. The nuggets had five Five. Yeah. Do You know how many second chance opportunities giving a team to beat your Cadillac at some point in time? Ocho you gotta get off the field on third down. You can't keep 11 team get, get three cracks at you and another three cracks and another three cracks because pretty, pretty soon the levy is going to burst Break. Yeah. Yeah. Points in this series, the thunder have scored 372 total points. The nuggets have scored 340 total points. But the nuggets are up to one Michael Porter Jr's playing through a shoulder injury that should have sidelined him four to six weeks.

(40m 42s):
I'm not doing that. Porter said he suffered a grade two sprain. Its AC joint in his left shoulder during the first round of the playoffs. Man, the AC joints. I don't know if you ever had, And, and, and you said grade two, but that ain't nothing to play with. What? Because So he ain't picking that shoulder. That show ain't going much higher than this Uhuh. That's about it. I had a thing Painful boy they are. Mm mm But You know, Ocho You know what we do, put that medicine in, they go out there. Hey, Hey, I, I took, I took listen, I took, I took the pill. I just took the little pill and I had, I had, I had took the pill and had the little harness where, where strapped, strapped down.

(41m 23s):
Right here. We want you let go so high. Yeah. I could only go up so far. Yep. But it's hard. I mean some, I mean you see a lot of defensive players play with those harnesses because they're not, they don't not, they don't have to have, do all this and all that. Right. Especially line back as a D lineman. But if you a wide receiver that's, man, it's virtually impossible or tied in, it's virtually impossible to try to play with that thing. Yep. And and the whole time your body catch everything. Yeah. Your body catch everything. I'm, I'm jumping, I'm jumping. You know, across the middle for digs and slants Of hands hit between eight and four. Now you're jumping to kitchen in your bread basket, catching Everything in the bread basket. I been there but the nuggets get come back, take home court.

(42m 8s):
22 21, 20 27. The big guns fired yesterday for the nuggets and they went in overtime 1 0 1 13 to 1 0 4. Yeah.

(42m 21s):
Hey, so we all make mistakes, but owning up is the right thing to do. You know what degree? Cool rush deodorant. Well last year they changed the formula and it did not go well with their fans Degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition And degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remembered it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's any purse sprint for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.

(43m 17s):
Hi, this is Debbie your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help you with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to Well, mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple and I can even help schedule a professional measure and install. I didn't realize you did that. Yeah. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. I mean I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com We're on your schedule and there's no haggling, no pressure, no hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Oh, Okay. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming Over. blinds.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com now and save up to 40%. Sitewide rules and restrictions may apply.

(44m 16s):
Our kids have said to us, since we've moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for us. Just this overall sense of community. The values that You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting and loving community. Especially with two young kids. See what makes Minnesota the star of the north new residents share why they love calling it home@exploreminnesota.com slash live.

(44m 46s):
Hey parents, we can all agree on one thing. Screen time is a struggle. Here's something from Elf Cosmetics that's making screen time count. Check out Fortune Island. Earn learn flex on Roblox in partnership with Elf Cosmetics and chime. You and your kids can dive into fun challenges while picking up real life money skills like budgeting and saving, which will build confidence and independence. This is screen time you'll actually be excited about. Just search Elf Up tycoon on Roblox and see for yourself Elf Cosmetics for every eye lip and face.

(45m 24s):
Pat Riley on Jimmy Butler fiasco. I will always say that to the players if I was coaching. Keep your mouth shut. I'll see you next training camp when you get back on the court. But it's different today with players. It's over. I wish him well. Good luck to him. And I hope deep down in his heart somewhere he wishes us well too. I just turned 80. I'm proud of 80. It's the new 60. I mean that's how I look at it. I feel great. I'm competitive as hell. See what I'm saying? Ocho You see what I'm saying? What did he say? I would tell the players to shut their mouths but he also said the same breath. It's different now. Well if it's different now, who else needs to be different? If it's different now Ocho He does. He has to evolve.

(46m 4s):
See, You know why he, You know why he said what he said. You can tell we had that conversation. Now you believe me. See I I told you, I told you. I said Pat, you gonna have to loosen the reins a little bit. You gonna have to loosen the reins a little bit for us to get back to our winning ways. You got to have nobody wanna come play here Pat. You got to, you gotta settle down baby. Yes. Let, let, let the horse run free a little bit. You got to change your ways because times are different and the players are different. Yeah. Adaptability is the greatest trick to survival. You got to be able to adapt to what the what I mean a guy that's invested now they're different. You have to invest differently than you did back in the day. Yes sir.

(46m 44s):
Everything you have to do it differently Ocho. You just do. And that's why, I mean I understand. I understand that I couldn't coach because my mentality doesn't allow me to die not to play. 'cause I don't like having to tell somebody something over and over. Ocho we go through the thing the whole week Ocho Right. Then we go walk through the first 15 and then the night mess before the game. We get the first 15 and everybody got their play. Everybody got their nose side on you. They looking at the plate right before they go out there. The first 15. And I be damn if somebody don't jump off sides. I look at that. Hey, lemme tell you something. You know who'd be the one to jump offside to You.

(47m 27s):
You Hey. Because I know that first play coming to me, I'm, Hey I, I break the huddle. I break the huddle fast and do the one thing I never forget. I forgot who told me. Dale Carter told me. And you pull Your glove, you tighten your gloves. I, I tighten my glove when I come to the line and when it's a run play, I don't do it. I'm like you pay attention to all that Say Yeah. Young. Yeah, Young and I everything. Guess what they say? Oh, that ball coming to you on your heart. You out the gate on that one, huh? Oh. And we be in the huddle. Hey, hey, this is the time we gonna get 'em to jump offside. You know they get a little tired.

(48m 8s):
They gonna get antsy. Right. You know they gonna try to attack the quarterback. We gonna go on two blue 17 blue 17. Huh? How the hell you forget that from walking from the huddle to the line. Dun. Hey, It's so funny. As easy as it sounds, most of the time I don't think people will understand how hard it is. Boy, I was notorious for it. Hell, I jump outside on hook on one. I tell you on Joe. All I hear is I'm gone.

(48m 52s):
I'm gone. It's so funny Because I don't even wanna look at the, I don't even wanna look at the sideline. The sideline. Michael there like this here. I could see Marvin. I could see Marvin with his hand on his hip looking at me right now. Man, they would have to, Carson would have to tell me twice. Boy. It's on two tj. Me and TJ break the huddle. If TJ and I, if we got a slot formation, we going to the same side. Man. He have to say boy Ocho, it's on two. Yeah, it's on two. Just, just a friendly reminder boy. 'cause boy, I'd be so antsy. I'd be ready to get up out there boy. As a matter of fact. So I don't even run no route. I don't even want you to go out. Just stay here because we know we gonna, we tell you to do something, you gonna jump off side and Alex Gill rest his soul.

(49m 38s):
He would quit it for brains. Oh them some good days. You Gotta be the umes. Yeah man. But that, but that's why man, that first 15 used to get me every time about your, we work on it the whole week. We go out there, walk through it. Saturday morning, we do it again. Saturday night and, and, and, and and the, the meal right before, after we get together on your offense, get together, we go the first 15, these gonna be our plays. I'm looking 'cause I'm write down like okay. 1, 2, 3. Okay. I got four opportunities in the first 15. Yeah. Yeah. Okay on. Okay. I'm feeling pretty good. Okay.

(50m 18s):
Hold, hold on. And this is, and this is the one thing too, I don't break the huddle and they in the right defense when you go through the script. Oh yeah. And you get to yo play and then the right defense and You know you getting the ball. Boy Carson, if you don't hurry up and say set. Hi, please. Yeah. Hey don't even all that blue, red, just say hut all that man. Come on man. Damn. All that other stuff, we don't need that. Just say look. Go. I'm gone Man. Come on now. Ain Nothing like that man. We had a play call one time Mojo. We play in Detroit. It might have been my last year in Denver. I think it was oh three.

(50m 58s):
Perfect call. Oh. They call this thing and say normally like 85% of the time they gonna play cover two. They'll line up like this but they gonna play cover two. Right. Hey, 84. All you gotta do is get down the hole. It's a touchdown. We backed up to, it's gonna be like a 90. Oh, How about the quarterback? Throw the ball to the damn flat. Wait in cover two? Yes. What he gonna get? Somebody kill. Oh Lord have mercy. Oh, all you had to beat was the middle backer, right?

(51m 40s):
All they had to beat. I was gone because we ran because we kind of ran like a counter. We did, we had run this play earlier. Yeah. Not, not earlier that year, but in 2001, 2002 when I hit, when I hit Kansas City, we ran like a counter pass and they split cover two and I had to, all I had to do was beat the linebacker. Yeah. I beat him greasy hit me, Hey, I put that thing like this here I was gone. So this right here O ocho, that thing split. I mean them safeties got so wide. I said Oh. And the backer didn't even run. Oh. He, he ain't, he ain't shoot back. He ain't shoot back or nothing. He held, He tripping Because what we did, we faked it and so now we fake it.

(52m 25s):
Oh, in the back it drew him up a little bit. Yeah. In the back. Yeah. It brought you a little time because All you want is one of those big, see you get one of 'em big ones early ocho. Now I'm thinking, oh, this is one you 200 yard day now. Yeah. Easy, easy day. I'm thinking Pat, you gonna have to change your wave. Derrick Carr announces in retirement from the NFL OCHO 34 recently underwent multiple medical evaluations on his shoulder. Shoulder was deemed the only route back to a hundred percent and that would mean six up to six months of recovery. Carl retires after staying on 11 seasons. He's a four time pro bowler, 257 touchdowns, 41,000 passing yards.

(53m 7s):
Top 25 all time. Third place in the MVP vote, he walks away from 30 mil. Hey, I have a question, huh? Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm confused. We in April? Yeah. We just had the draft, the season ended How long ago? December. Yeah. Well that season ended in January beginning of Ja but he, no, he was his season bent over because he got hurt. Remember rap been playing. Yeah. So I'm trying to understand why wouldn't the situation rectified? So you come into this season healthy, why are we still talking about the same thing we were talking about last year? You know, sometimes Don, You know, they give you say rest and then when rest don't do it now.

(53m 48s):
See now you don't let two months pass and rest and when you should have went and had that shoulder Listen, You know good and well you don't play route. Nothing like that. Anything with the upper extremities, with the arms, especially when it comes to a quarterback. You want to get all those issues done and out the way. Yeah. If there was even a thought or a inclination that there's something wrong with it that would hamper your throwing motion or playing your position at the best of your ability. You go get it fixed. Oh Joe, you Go get it. You go get it fixed. Derek Carr has made $205 million in his career. He has a 77 and 92 record. 4 4 4 55 win percentage.

(54m 28s):
Just one trip to the playoffs. And I think they lost to you guys the ninth most cash from 2014 to 2024. Yeah. Aren Rogers has made 292000001st cousins, 2 91 Matthew Stafford, 2 87 Russell Wilson 2 64 Dak Prescott 2 44. Jerry Goff 2 34. Matt Ryan, 2 22 Tom Brady 1 98 Derrick Carr 1 96. And ma homeboy 1 79, Boy and boy make a pretty penny. Boy. They make a pretty penny. And You know the funny thing about it, I was upset, I was sad. You know I don't like to see players hurt. Hell, I got damn tweeted the, the, the broken heart emoji about Derrick car being gone.

(55m 11s):
And then I had to remember, well You know what, the people in the people in in New Orleans, in Baton Rouge in Louisiana, man they happy they cheering. They second lining. Oh. I mean I know you, you happy Derrick Carr is going. You didn't like your quarterback that you had, but now who you got now you got Spencer Rattler. No disrespect rattle. They took, they took the quarterback. What his name slot Lop shook. They took shook. I'm just telling you who they took. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't shuck it with yo Cho. That's who they took. They took shook. Yeah, that's, that's exactly how the saints gonna be.

(55m 53s):
They gonna be shook until they get a goddamn quarterback. You know, listen, my people in New Orleans, boy, we ain't got no patience. We ain't got no patience. We done dealt with too much. We need a quarterback. Well what happens is you get spoiled. You had Drew Brees for 15 years and you, you expect every quarterback, Hey it, it's hard to follow That look, you're not gonna be Green Bay, you're not gonna have Brett far for 15, 20 years. You're not gonna have Aren Roger for 20 years and then you and Love Love. Right. That ain't happening. You not, Finn have, most teams don't get to have 30, 40 years. I mean, you're talking about could be 40 plus years of prosperity at the quarterback position. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah, that is absurd to think about it.

(56m 35s):
'cause think about it, you had 17 years with look about 17 years with P and then you had another 18 years with Rogers and now you have love. So that's th that's what, 30, 35 years? Yeah. So you about to have 45, maybe even 50 years of That's crazy. Prosperity at the quarterback acquisition. Hold on. And not just any quarterback, we talk about them boys. Yeah. Two all favor that boy, You know, you make a case, Rogers is one of the greatest of all times, As was Brett Favre. Yes. And, and, and listen, Jordan Love on in his own right is on his way to be just that as well. Yeah. As he continues to improve year in, year out. But Derek Carr is done. He says, no, I don't want to go go through that anymore. He says, I talked it over my wife and my family and six months of rehab for 30 million.

(57m 22s):
Like, nah, it ain't worth it. Hold on, hold on. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Stay with me right now. Hey Chad, y'all stay with me real quick. My Saints fans, tell me what you think about this Now I know based on what we saw from him last year, it wasn't anything too, too hype about, You know, it wasn't nothing to second line about, but how about Aren Rods coming in for a year in New Orleans until we get the rookie right Or the, or or, or for Spencer Rattle and also, You know, watch and learn behind him. What y'all think about that? I know I got some, some Saint fans in the Chad. I'm just, I'm just curious I what Your thought on that one. I fans run. I'll let the Saint fans Chad man, what you Think? That one? No. Yes. No. What you think one year? No. No. Okay. God didn't work out for the Jets. He was there two years.

(58m 3s):
I mean, I mean you Right. I I'm just curious, I was just curious your thought process in bringing in the veteran presence, You know, to see what they could do with Aren. But if you say no, You Know, but here the thing is on joke, but you're bringing him in for one year. What are we getting outta one year? Our development for the younger quarterbacks allowing 'em to see how it should look, How it should go. You told me guys don't get better by being on the bench. That's what you tell me. You right, you right, you right. I was just curious. Saints head coach Kelly Moore said he'll rotate all their quarterbacks give them all opportunity as one tries tries to seize the starting job. We're going to let all three of these guys roll. Each will be given a chance to win the Saints starting Jo job.

(58m 46s):
The people in the chat, the Saints fans that got fucked, this shit we cooked. Harrison stands for Shook. He has the second worst quarterback, accuracy versus power. Five opponents of any quarterback in this class. 42% completion rate when pressures 58% completion rate when bliss solid performance when kept clean. All quarterbacks are good when you keep 'em clean. Yeah, you got My house is immaculate when it's clean. Damn. Damn. Listen, under pressure, under pressure, A lot of times you're gonna be under pressure.

(59m 29s):
Yeah. E exactly. How accurate and consistent can you be when you're under duress? That's the, that's the tall tale time of a great quarterback. Always calm under pressure. Always, always accurate under pressure regardless of what's coming, coming at him from all time. Right man, it's, that's like a receiver. And again, that's why I questioned the draft again. That's why Kristen, the draft again, because you take those sane numbers you just talked about and I'm, I'm not gonna say his name, but You know who I'm talking about and you look at what he had to deal with because his offensive line play wasn't that good but for some reason uncle, I mean he was highly accurate still.

(1h 0m 9s):
Yeah, it's funny how that works, but that, that's neither here nor there. So as a wide receiver, you want a guy that can catch the ball in traffic. Hell anybody can catch when they wide open. I hope the hell The Volume. Okay.

(1h 0m 44s):
Have you heard about this last year degree changed the formula lift for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and wanted the old sent back and degree. Listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing the original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself.

(1h 1m 12s):
Did You know women are more likely than men to develop dry eyes, which may be due to hormonal changes during the menstrual cycle or after menopause? And the use of oral contraceptives? Give your dry burning or irritated eyes a daily refresh with refresh Optiv mega three lubricant eyedrops. A preservative free formula that provides fast acting, lasting relief. Refresh Optive mega three is safe to use as often as needed. Find refresh online or in the eye drop aisle at all major retailers

(1h 1m 46s):
Here At the Almond Joy factory. Where tropical vibes are bound, we use soft, fresh tasting, coconut, The Crunchiest, almonds, and delicious chocolate candy. Ah, but do You know what our most important ingredient is? Sometimes you feel like a nut, sometimes you Don't. Almond joys got nuts. And something even way better than that. Yes, almond joy is made stay with almonds and Clorox and diva Smells like lavender, cleans like Clorox and feels like, Hmm.

(1h 2m 34s):
All right, that could go on for a while. Experience the long lasting freshness of Clorox Tiva. Available in Clorox. Tiva Lavender centered bleach uses directed.

(1h 2m 45s):
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.