
Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad free interface? A distraction free search is certainly a breath of fresh air, or maybe it's their in-depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources, they've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com, we've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards, multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays, breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink here along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume.


This ain't the little itty bitty teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdown is key to hosing Vince Lombardi Trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them at Draftking Sports. Book the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. New Draftking customers can bet $5 to get $200 instantly in bonus bet. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers. To get $200 in bonus bets instantly When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Wolf Mobil is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


You good? I'm just making sure you good? I'm you sure? What, what, What's really going on? I'm, I'm making sure he good. You want to coach? Do I want to coach? I do not want to coach unless it's it's my kids. I I would be willing to do that if it was my kids. But to put actual damn coach Bryan time to put actual time. You understand the time that goes into it. Yes. It's a lot of time. It's a lot of time that goes into it. Like for me as a player, I put a lot of time into it, but as a coach you're putting even more time into it, you know, and that's not something that I'm, I'm willing to do. My love for the game is not, it's not that great, especially, you know, if I'm playing it, I'm gonna give you everything I got.


Right. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be there from dust to dying, you know, I'm gonna do everything I need to do, take care of my body, but just, you know, coaching it. I don't, I don't have that love for me. And then, you know what it took to be great. Hmm. And then you coach and you see guys bull driving around. It's it, listen, that's something that I I would, I would have a hard time with. Especially when you're looking at what it, what they could be if they put in Yes. You know, the time, the effort, you know, you And that's not just, you know, on the field, it's in the weight room, it's in, it's in the off season, you know, you know, especially now where you don't have much practice and all that. Yeah. You know, you got a lot of guys with all these soft tissue injuries, you know, they wanna, they wanna point to the field, the turf and all that.


What you need to point to is guys aren't training like they used to. You aren't putting those forces on your body in the off season or you're not getting it leading up into the season. You only got three games guys play, you know, 20 snaps for the whole preseason and then, you know, week one come and you're like, Hey, give me a hundred miles an hour, 65 plays. And you wonder why dudes are tearing and getting all these soft tissue injuries. Exactly. It's because they're not preparing their body to go out and play a season. When I trained, my hardest thing was the off season. Like I put in more work. I I I put in more strain on my body than I did in any practice. But, and that's the thing though, because when you look at it, we played in the preseason, you might only play 10 pre snaps in the first game.


Yep. And then you went to 20, then you went to the half, maybe a series the third quarter you were off the fourth game. Third game. Third game. You got three quarters. That was three quarters. That was the actual game. Yep. And then the fourth game, you didn't see nothing. That's who they trying to figure out who they go key. Who they gonna get rid of. The guys that are on the board now, guys, the key guys don't play any preseason at all. Yeah. And then you throw him out there and you say, Hey gimme, gimme 65, you know, 70 snaps at a hundred miles an hour out. Yeah. And you wonder why the body is, is breaking down. It's fatigued. Yeah. The more tired you're getting out, they dehydrated. You're talking about 10% less here, 10% less here of what they can output. But they're trying to force their body to give it something has to give. Yes. And it's usually soft tissue.


I like it. What's next? It's early. It's early in the year. It's, we're only in February, 2025. We got a long way to go. What's next for Debo? What's next? Man, I've been trying to get into the acting thing, dude. They just really don't know. Don't don't mess with your boy like that. You know what I'm saying? You know what happened? You taking classes? I'm taking, I'm good man. I'm real good. Okay. I'm trying to tell you man. Check out heels. I'm good now. I was actually on a, a whole series now. Okay. Check out. Check out heels. It's on, it's on Netflix actually. Right. But I, I think I might've upset 'em by, you know, not taking that shot. So you, I I rejected the coke. Coke. Yeah. I rejected that so I was out of it, you know, when they mandated. So, So you wanna do that?


You willing to relocate McCall? Why I gotta relocate. That's where the gigs are. I understand. I can come out there and do the gig. I don't need to live here, but I need, but I need like, see, I gotta call you. See I need to, Hey James, come in and get this read for this part today. I can send you the read. All you do is tell, send me, send me what it is. You want me to read or record it? Nah, nah, nah. You, they, They need you in person though. I ain't willing to move like that man. You try to be a superstar or not. You try to be the rock or what? Yeah, you could, You could Be the next rock. No, I gonna be far better than rock. I just think I had opportunity. I like that. You see rock, rock, mood, Kelly Rock, mood of Kelly. I'm not moving Kelly. Man.


The traffic is is nd Stay away from the four five. You'll be Fine. The traffic is horrendous man. Go to the valley. The cost of living is outta control. True. Man. You know what? I could get in Pittsburgh for what they want in la. Yeah, I know. Yeah. I get half the city. Oh yeah. For what? For, for what? A, a house cost out there. Oh. Oh, for sure. No question. Absolutely man. They think you the Rooneys for what? You, for what you bill in Pittsburgh for? What you pay for Hall Cali, man. Absolutely. But I thought you wanted you in the bike into the what? The fight game? No, I'm not really into the fight game. My son is into the fight game.


Like, Like fighting like with MMA with Fi MA. Really? Yeah. He likes to do MMA. How old is he now? 17. Okay. But I ain't letting him do nothing thus far. Why? Because it's, it's, he got a gain weight to play ball. So why don't you That don't, I ain't got no weight. I'll spa you Anytime man. For real. De oh I'm dancing shit anytime. Nah, he, he think, he think it's a game. This shit. Hey, this shit different over here man. Hey, hey you sweet On that. Hey, you know, you know, you know what's funny is after I, after I did my exhibition right, I had a few, a few fights, a few local fights in Miami. Yeah. My hands are registered now. They registered with who? I didn't have. What do you mean with Vegas? I ain't have no choice but the register. What you mean? You know with who? Stop playing with me man.


Fuck. Come across this table. Cross your head boy. Oh man, all you need to do is swing. I take care of everything else. Really? That's it man. Really? That's it. You wanna box, match or MA? Oh, I'm MMA all day. I don't Care. He can kick all he wanna, I don't need to kick. Whatcha gonna Do? All I need to do is grab you. You Ain't Finn to grab shit, nigga. I'll beat your ass. You, I'm gonna choke your life out. You, they, they gonna have to choke me out to. So Hold on, hold on. Help me understand something. You tell me we get into Octagon, right? We me you get Octagon. Understand Are you gonna run? No. Why the fuck run from who did I run for you when we played? Did I run from anybody when we played? That's different. That's, you know, it's no different. I have the same mentality. So we get gongon, We make this happen. Hold on, We get into Octagon. You tell me you going to try to grab me and you think you're gonna be able to do so.


Understand this quick as I am with these feet understanding these hands. You gonna grab Me. Listen man, fighting. You would be like fighting my son. You practice. Hey, can you do me a favor? Yes. There's God My please make this happen so I can, we gonna make it happen. Hey Chad. Y'all wanna see that? Y'all wanna see MMA Ocho against Deebo Adam Dog. Fight Of the please Do this way, this way for one. Listen people, He's too slow, too much muscle. I'm finna dance around that shit. I'm gonna hit you in your head. I'm gonna hit you when I want. I'm play. Listen man, come here. Hey, hey Beat too.


Hey listen, listen. Beat his as up here, man. Up here through. Beat his as too. I don't matter like he used to up man. He talking about, he talking about whooping ass and everything. Oh. For the Whoops ass in the game. What you mean? What's the Difference? Hey, you, hey listen. Just because he sitting here, just because he's sitting here, my tone don't change for nobody. It don't need to change, change. I beat your ass. Not be his ass. It ain't happening. Icho say he won't, he won't. He won't won't in m he won Be mma. This is still Chad, you know what I mean? He, he always gonna talk crazy. Nah, but you, that ain't But listen, it's one thing about talking, but you know I'm gonna get in there and you trying.


I'm a what? Try be, try big as man. Stop playing on You. What? How much? Two, five right now. Man, go pick that little shit up with one hand. How You gonna pick it up? Because he gonna pick that shit up with one Hand. How y'all couldn't even touch me when I playing gonna touch me Now. I couldn't touch you when you played. I slammed you on your head, on Neck. He, he still, he still, he still lift in a different way. I'm Still lifting in a different way. Not like that. They different. They Still, they like me man. Nigga just big man. I don't see that shit man. Man, y'all got, y'all got fucked up nigga. Beat your hands. What? Right. Run. Man, stop playing on me man. Playing With me man.


I got, hey I putting on my, I put my mother Devo. How about you got man, the way my body set up, I can't do no helping for nobody. You bet you bet against Me. Yeah. Hey bet. Hey bet. Alright. You can invest So you, you think she's sweet? What? Oh I don't think you think she's sweet? You Know where I You think you for real? Are y'all are y playing or you for real? No care. You from Ham bro. Where am I from? But you seriously Where I'm from A man we gonna make it happen. You Ocho ain't Gotta Ocho be really believing what he saying. So you could be outside. It don't matter. Wherever. No, We You, wherever I'm with you Up no money.


Fuck wrong with this man. Beat brakes off his as You talking about brakes. This ain't no car nigga Yo. Alright. Alright. What we gonna do? Alright. We gonna get advertising sponsor. Hell yeah. Hell I get caught up in this conversation. You too slow. You not quick enough. I have a skill set that I've honed over years. Yeah. Skillset that deal with what Absolutely destroyed. Alright. Okay. Okay. Lemme tell you this. I'm be honest with you. Yeah, you fast, quick, quick. You all that Hands I got ground game. What? What? You just stop, stop with the rest. You not gonna wanna grab stop, stop with the grabbing. Stop it. Stop with the grabbing. You better stop man. For real.


Let's Be honest. Listen, stop run like you the with no license. Stop with the grabbing. Alright. Hit run. You know he don't wanna get into grabbing game. I know he don't. I know. Don't This what I'm more worried about. I'm more worried about he might eat that little shit you throw At him. No. Forget what I unconscious. He ain't conditioned like I am. No, he gonna be tired in two seconds. He gonna try to throw a punch, Throw my weight back. You said you said he's Not grabbing me. Stop saying that hit you in your mouth. Don't say that no more. How the Hell I get on this? I was walking by about in my mouth boy. Y'all disrespect y'all Enemies forever.


I Don't like, I don't like that. People look at size and they determine wins and losses based off size. You saw David and Goliath remember that story. Right. Man, that was the Bible. Remember that story? Remember what happened? You ain't in there, huh? Yeah, you ain't in there. Don't, don't do that about yourself. Up to beat. You Read the Bible? Yeah, I read. But you ain't, You ain't. Do you read The Bible? One of us is David. Do You read the Bible? Yes. Neither one of us start reading. Start reading because you gonna need   Boy. You good. I ain't gonna need nigga. You good? I thought you was good back then. I thought you was good. Started been Chad. Chad listen. You heard me? Lemme talk to good.


This Ain't no joke. Y'all take my life for a joke. My life ain't no joke. All my kids, I'm gonna fuck you Up. All that. That crazy Bust you your mouth. Mouth. Call me. I'm like, oh boy. What's, what's going on? How what? I, I put that with my kids, you know. Don't play by my kids. I got 200 of 'em. I got you. But you good boy. You good? I'm gonna show you I'm good. You Really in Octagon. I'm gonna show you. I'm good. Hold Oh my God. What do you got something To say? Listen man, I accepted my Lord and Savior in August of this past year. Man. I was baptized. You were? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well my mine went off. I gotta get baptized again.


What you about to make me do is go totally outside. What? I said I was going Of your character, right? No listen man, I think I might, I've been trying to hold this thing inside of me for a long time because ever since I got like fined by Roger Ell for 75,000. I've been wanting to kill somebody. I think you might be the person that I think five done brought you too. That's Fine. That's fine. That's fine. I think that's, that's fine. Whatever you wanna do. You know, matter of fact, if you beat me, I add a 75,000 of your purse if you beat me. How about that? Damn. So you get your money back. That's how serious I am. Oh You gonna gimme that? Yeah, I give, I'll Give it back. You might as well just write that right now. You got me fucked up man. You might as well write that. How can, how can I get involved in this funny, y'all talking about making some money at where?


Where's my part? I I tell you what part you gonna be the nigga cut man. Alright. You Ain't gonna work that day. There ain't gonna be no work done. Do my check come or do I do nothing? Hold on. So, so hold on. I got, I got three Because I walk down the aisle. I'll walk, I'll bring him out. Hold On. So you don't believe in me? No. You don't believe me. I believe. And you talking shit. What you think? Okay. What the Hell I believing in you? Hey, against Me. You know Life on messed. I don't care where you from. I'm from Akron, Ohio. That don't mean nothing. You from where? Akron, Ohio. I'm gonna Yeah. City. Who? Daye County. I don't even Know where that is. I don't. Oh, you gonna know. It don't matter. You gonna know when I lumped your ass up. Bitch. That ain't ain't Up.


Alright. How did I get in here? Done? You Know what did come out? Matter of fact, I'm doing too much talking. Yes, you're I'm doing too much talking. Let's set, set the shit up man. We Got set shit you want tomorrow. It Don't matter nigga. We can do, we can do now in front of everybody. It don't make me none. It don't matter where I'm at. Six Months. Run it nigga. Nigga. What you saying Swing? We got six. Got six. I don't trust him. I trust you. The no, no, no. Listen, listen. I'm trying to tell you. He's that pit bull that if he's sit off, you get close enough, he gonna grab your As.


You shoulda pulled you down. Right. He said what? I pulled you down. I I pulled you down for a reason. We, we got, I'm not Playing set up. He, he's dead ass. Oh yeah. I set it up. We got this talking About, sir, what? Think I playing? I ain't play. Did I play with you on Sunday? Yeah. Fight before, before the game. I said nah man, they gonna throw me out for real. I got time to message you cj. Like I'm gonna be he pull up where the shirt roll up. Come on man. It's getting, I said nah man, they gonna throw me out for real. And you gonna get the play. But This this's the thing, this ain't football no more. This real light.


But like, and he, You, You, You tested my manhood. Not and you disrespecting me or you going are you? No, that shit. Okay, we'll see Y'all see man, we'll see how much, how much time do you need to get the knee right. Oh, I don't want no excuses. That's gonna be his first excuse when he lose. Oh, my knee was messed up. Mm. Oh. My knee was, I can do that now. I I, right now I had a minute excuse. I'm here tomorrow. Yeah, bring me back. I'm here till tomorrow. I gotta go run and do my, oh, my knee hit me back. Oh. I need some more of this man. I need to get my up. I'm gonna beat that nigga ass. I tell you what man. Whatever you need to do sha give him the time and he gonna need to gain some weight. You might gain weight.


I gain No weight. Months be good enough. Can you be ready in six months? I could be ready tomorrow, man. No, we need tired. We gotta, we got, we gotta sell this. Well shit, Now you quiet. Now you quiet. Be quiet. Soft fast. Ain't nobody Quiet. Soft as okay July. So You soft boy. I see through all that shit. I see through all that muscle shit. Ain't about nothing boy. Okay. You got the right one? No, I'm going to, You got, you got the right one baby. What? What? I'm gonna try to see what they said in the chat because I beat the Chad ass too. See, man, listen, we gonna have, listen, I'm tired.


I'm, I'm not listening. Yeah, I'm he, I'm Helen Keller. Don't talk to Me. I'm trying to make me laugh. Don't talk. I'm not trying to make you laugh. For what? Because whatever you smile we gonna be missing. Smile. Bust your ass Too bad. Okay. Alright, bet. Nah, nah, you gotta, Gabe bet you you gotta get, Hey, he asked for this. He asked. Oh. I'm gonna give you everything you looking for. March, April, may, June, July, August. I think August will be right about the right amount of time. I don't need it. I'm good now. You better talk to him. Hey Ryan, I'm gonna fuck him up. Lies all right. I got deebo, Chad. Huh? That's fine. I, you know, I want you to better get because my, my teachers in high school said the same thing. They didn't believe in me. And look what I became. You did. Look where I'm come. You did As who? You got Deebo.


Okay, Aaron, who you got demo? You got? Thank you. Thank you. Somebody that believe in me That, that's A, that's a Ocho producer Aaron. So. Okay. Don't worry about it. Unfortunately. Put all your money on it too. James Harrison, ladies And gentlemen for us, Man. Appreciate it. Hey, get right. Get the knee right. Yeah. Get right. We got this. Listen, Get right and Yeah. I know, I know. Ain't gonna lie man. It's gonna be the easy. I thought playing football was easy. Okay. That gonna be the easiest money you ever made. Okay. Ever made. We'll see. Long as the money right. It money be right some money. We'll see. Right. That's how I know he gonna get his ass whoop.


'cause he worried about the money. No, I I I'm Going, I'm going in for business. You going in for business? I'm going In for business. What you doing after the show? Huh? What you doing after the show? I'm Finna go to French Quarter and smoke a cigar. Okay. You wanna go tell me where you going? I'll meet you there. Okay, bet we can take care of it then. I Just told you. I just told you I'm gonna be in the French car. I'm gonna be in the French court. The smoke or the cigar. Okay. So whatever you wanna do. Yeah. Alright. We got our next guest coming to the stage. Ocho. Hey, I ain't even shaking your hand. Go ahead. Yo. I don't need to shake your hand. Who talking about taking these off? Alright. Be, be I be. I see you but I see you. Hey, I got Deebo.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site. But why is it their sleek ad free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory. Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime Credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus, you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchasing and regular on time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better Credit Home Loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp. Bank A or Stride Bank. Na SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network. ATM withdrawals and OTC Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville. We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, when when you send it, yeah, it was like, do I send the Heart now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players. The always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does Energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially line mates Nate. We're the energy line. We'll have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm Vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Luca released a statement seven years ago. I came here as a teenager to pursue my dream of playing basketball at the highest level. I thought I'd spend my career here and won it so badly to bring you a championship. The love and support you've given me is more than I could ever dreamed of for a young kid from Slovenia coming to the US for the first time. You made North Texas feel like home in good times and bad from injuries. The NBA finals, your support never changed. Thank you for not only sharing my joy, our best moments, but also lifting me up when I needed it most. To all the organization I work with throughout the Dallas community. Thank you for letting me contribute to your important work. Join and join you in bringing light to those who in need, who need it.


As I start the next part of my basketball journey, I'm leaving a city that will always feel like home away from home. Dallas is a very, is a special place and male fans are special fans. Thank you. From the bottom of my heart, Luca. Seven seven. I Like it. I like it. I like it. He's remaining very, very, very, very professional. Obviously you don't have a choice at this point. You know, whatever issues were going on behind the scenes, it had to be egregious. It had to be something so bad for them to trade someone of that magnitude. That is that great. You know, they were just in the, the final last young, it was just in the NBA finals last young was did he average?


What? What did he average again? If I'm not mistaken, you better Not. Well he average, he averaged like 34 9 9 in the regular season. That's crazy work. 34 9 9 in the regular season, you take your team to the NBA finals the following season they traded you. Yeah. And not that you asked. Not that you asked to be traded. Ocho people are dogging Nico. Oh, Luca became the first player to lead the playoffs in points, rebounds assist and steals last season. Yeah. That's crazy man. That's what I kept. That's what I kept selling. Mark It.


Got it. Gotta be. Hey, it might have some Hey on this might, you know what? I don't wanna say nothing 'cause I don't wanna be rude It. Listen, and this is what I told Jamal and y'all heard it and order for you to trade a player like this in his prime. Yeah. Given to the accolades five times. He been a first team all pro in his first six seasons. The behavior, the attitude had to be so egregious. He said, we done with him. Yeah. There's no getting through to him. And I believe what, what, what what Jack was saying is that the coaches, I believe they've tried, I don't believe it's a lack of effort that they've, but you've gotta want it as bad as I want it for you.


Because if I want something more than you want it for yourself, you are gonna win out because it's you. You know what you want. You know what you have to do. 'cause guess what? He wanted to be an NBA player. Ain't nobody had to take him to those practices. Ain't nobody had to do what they had to do. He did that 'cause that's what he wanted. If and when Luca wants to get in shape, if and when Luca wants to take his condition serious. If and when Luca want to eat, right, that's what he's gonna do. That's what he's gonna do. It's just like anything, when a person makes up their mind, they gotta, they got an addiction to something when that person makes up their mind. See, we create our demons. Only we can chase 'em away if and when he wants that to be an afterthought.


'cause right now, how do you want it to be? You want it to, you want it to be your story or you want it to be a footnote. 'cause you get to determine hermit. Wait a minute, boy, you think you're slick Now hold on now. Hold on, hold on. I gotta use that. I gotta use that. I gotta use that. I give a prime example. You heard Yoic Yoic put up those numbers, but Yoic said I was fat. I was outta shape, so I stopped drinking soda. I cut back on soda, dropped weight. Now either three time League MVP Shaa is gonna cut it. Right now it's him and Shay. Riss Shaa. I would give Shaa a slight lead. His team is better. He's putting up phenomenal numbers. But go look at Yoko's numbers and look at what he does on a nightly basis.


I I need you. Listen, I know you, I know you're not a record player, but I need you to rewind it. Gimme that footnote, that footnote quote again. Now that Yeah, You want that, you want that to be your story or you want it to be a footnote in your story. Because the thing, the thing about Ocho, like it's our career. We get to write it. We got the pen, right? You get to write the Ocho story. I get to write the Shannon Sharp story, But that was a good one There. Like I said, every I, I, I, I, you know, everybody knows how I feel about Luca. Luca, my guy, I gave him the name Baby Bird. He's like I said, I say when LeBron leaves, he's gonna probably be my favorite player. No question about it.


Because my favorite player was Larry Bird. He's the closest thing for that type of player that I've seen the bird. And I just, like I said, like, like Jack said Ocho, he cost himself a now. Yeah. He was eligible to get 3 45. Now the max he can get is 2 29. That's real money. I mean, yeah, I mean you gotta think about it. Huh? Listen, what can you get with 3 45? You can't give but 2 29. I want that. I want that. I want all that ojo. I want all that. But think about it, Ocho, this dude was in line to get 70 million a year and in five years Luca would've been 30.


He'd have been eligible to get 400. Another one. That's crazy. Maybe more. That's crazy. But this might be a wake up call. I hope so. Sometimes it, sometimes it takes something like this. Sometimes it takes something like this. I wouldn't say humble. You maybe, maybe, maybe humble might be the right word. Because we don't know what's going on behind the scenes. Obviously you're not being humble if they're willing to trade you at 25 with the type of production you putting up. This might be a humble moment. And I hope it pisses them off. Yeah. Because People might get a different Luca, you know, a pissed off Luca might be worse than the Luca that was chilling, drinking beer, you know, playing around, Man.


The man had a 60 point, the man had a 60 point 20 rebound triple double man. Stop playing. The dude is, is, is. But I, but see people Ocho, when you end the profession, I keep telling people, but they tell me I don't know what I'm talking about. Y'all will listen now. People will tolerate you until they can replace you. It can be sports, it can be in a relationship. Treat your significant other like crap and let them run across a person that'll treat them better. You gone? Yeah. Oh, let me do, as long as I'm doing my job. That's not the way it works. Now, if you want to be however you want to be, create your own company and you create a dress code, you create coming to work doing however you want to be.


But as long as you punch that clock for somebody else, literally, figuratively, you gotta do it. Ain't no way other way around. It ain't no other way around. It ain't no way around it. Oh, that's, y'all get mad all you want to, but I'm just telling you the facts. Yeah. And people that don't understand that, you have to ask yourself, why don't they understand it? Why don't they get it 25 5 time first team all NBA and they say, nah, we good. Normally guys, at that age, when they get traded, they requested a trade. Right?


They requested it. He didn't request it. He didn't know anything about it. My antenna perked up when Rick Carlisle wouldn't sign an extension. Do you know, normally coaches get fired. Doug Collins got fired. I'm trying to think, who was his first coach? Who was Doug Collins first? Was it Ralph three? Who's Michael George's first coach. But normally if you get a guy like that, you don't not sign an extension.


You don't resign. They fire you because you're not getting the job done. You don't walk away. Because you know how hard it is to get a guy like that. Right? Kevin? Who? Larry, yeah. Yeah. The the writing must have been on the wall. Mr. Carlisle saw Mr. Carlisle saw it, you know, and he, he didn't want to deal with I I I mean, as a coach, how does that really affect you if you have a player? It's, it's it difficult Now What he doing on what he, what he's doing on the court. How, how could you still not wanna be there because of that? They're gonna, it's, that's on Look, I, I I hope he gets it.


I hope he figures it out. Ocho Yeah, because the talent is there. There's no un denying it. But Ocho I mean, because here's the thing. Ocho, if you exhibit this and you making 35 million, what you gonna do when I get you 70? Yeah. We, you, you know what happened when you give, when you give somebody more money, you know what happens. And so they just like, I'm surprised they didn't. But I think the thing is Nico, like he had a relationship with Rob Poka, as you heard.


I I think that was either Jack or Jamal said Rob POA was Kobe's agent. Nico Col. Nico Harrison used to work for Nike. So there's a relationship. This didn't get out. See if you open it up to other teams, O Joe, it's gonna get out. The reports are Luca is being shocked. Reports are ad is being shocked. You see now, you know, that's, you know what Ocho that's, I'm glad this happened like this. Now y'all see when they start reporting stuff, they ain't making it up. See y'all quick though. Media made it up. You see how it didn't get out? Because ain't nobody wanted it out, but Yeah, but you know why it didn't get out? Huh? 'cause there were only two Ts involved.


The the Dallas. The Dallas Mavericks and that Los Angeles Lake. And nobody wanted it out. Yeah. Oh yeah. Absolutely. Because it, I I guarantee you they kept it between two people. Mrs. Nico and Mr. Nico and Lenka. I bet nobody else knew about It. No. It's reported that, that Mark Cuban didn't know about it. It's reported that Jason kid didn't know about it. Anthony Davis didn't know about it. Rich Paul didn't know about it. LeBron didn't know about it. That's why it didn't get out because they, they kept between two people, the two people that had the power to get the job done. It's kind of a blessing because he is like, you know what it, we wanna move him, but a at least move him to LA because everybody's opening up the coffers.


Everybody open it up what you want. Yeah. Give us ad in the first round. Pick and Max Christie. That's it. Okay. Okay. Bet, bet, bet. But hopefully Luca gets his, get conditioned, gets his heating eating habits under control. Takes it a little bit more serious. Look, Ocho he ain't never gonna be able to sit down in the chair. He ain't gonna be Kobe. He ain't gonna be Jordan. He ain't gonna be LeBron or Kawhi in their prime. Right? That's not what he is. But he is greeted with.


He does. But you can't Ocho you can't just open the door and let the man come in the house and then talk about, Hey man, he robbed our house. Y'all should have locked the door, bro. That's your guy. Right? That's your guy. But I, hopefully he figures this out. O Joe Ocho people are dogging Nico Harrison for comments he made earlier. Let's take a listen. And I'd like to give Rob Poko a lot of credit. You know, trades, you guys have been around here. Trades don't happen at the smallest level without stuff getting out. And Rob and I were able to have, you know, really intense conversations over the course of, you know, three or four weeks that started out as a coffee that, you know, was more, Hey, would you ever, I don't know, would I, let me think of, you know, and then it, it, it build upon that.


And you know, we, it, we kept it Between us. We had to, we had to keep it tight. J kid didn't know about it. But j kid and I are aligned and we talk about archetypes and we talk about the culture that we want to create. So I know the type of players that, that he likes without actually talking to him. Hey, would you like, you know, so I know that and, and JK coached them when they won a championship. So, so I think when you're aligned with your coach like that, I know the type of players that he likes. And so I, I felt good about it. It making sense to where we're trying to go. How does it Ocho the mere fact that you like, Hey man, would you Ocho if it ever comes up, man, would you cheat on your wife?


Would you cheat on your girl? Nah, I was just playing. I was just playing. You already put that thought out there. You thought about it. Yeah. Yeah. You thinking about it, don't you? The mere fact, right? Hey, will you, you train Luca? I don't know what, nah doubt man. I, nah, I wouldn't train no Luca man style. Stop. Yeah. Hey kid, like, don't speak for me. Hey Kid. Like, I don't care. I don't care if he 300. All I know is he gave me, he gave me 30 plus nine and eight every night.


But, oh, that's crazy. But here's the thing. That's how it doesn't get out. Ocho normally two people can keep a secret, but one normally has to be dead. Yeah. Because the more, because the more people you tell. And then there is a chain that you don't know where the breach came in at because you done told so many people. What's been your favorite celebrity Come in the ring that you've been in the ring, you have a celebrity coming at, you're like, man, this pretty cool, this all right here, Man, listen, I can be honest, man. Lil Wayne. Really? I like, yeah man, come on man. Man I love man. Come on man. I, we, I, we listened to him. We listened to him since coming up, you know, Carter won, you know Lil Wayne, like you, he Carter won.


Come on man. The the dope part is when I first started wrestling, me and my brother came out to go dj. Like, that was our walkout song. And you know, in the little independent scene and just to have him, you know, walk me out at a big WrestleMania on stage and fire, it's like full circle. Yeah. YY Hey, I, you know what, I know what it feels like, dude. To to have your name called out for me just to give you, give you perspective to come out that tunnel. Unc you know, and they call your name when they announce the offense and they say Shannon Sharp or they say Chad Ochocinco Johnson and 80,000 people dog, 70,000, 60,000, whatever it may be, are screaming your name.


And the fans have embraced you as the main event. Jay uso. How does that feel, dude? To hear those chants and see the crowd riding behind you all actually has to be one of the greatest feelings in the world. Man. Come on, Ocho. Yes, man. I, IIII appreciate that, that view. You know why? Because we're the only few that can see it from our eyes. Right. You know, 'cause, 'cause, 'cause the, 'cause the rest of the world is looking at him. I just told my son, I said, Hey, I brought him in the ring after. Wow. Man, man, man. Ocho. Hey, hey. Yeah. Hey. I said I man, I told my son last night, man.


I started, I started, I like, Hey man, you, you, he, because he knows what to do. Like he, he has that, he has that man man, us. I bought him in the ring and, and, and he had the people like this, like they was going with him. I wasn't doing that. I was, but I'm, I'm telling him, I'm like, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You know, in the ring, you know. I'm like, hold on, hold on. Wait for the beat to drop. You know? Now he, I'm like, okay, go. He's got, he's got ci he's got 60,000 in his hand. Wow. And I was just sitting here like this. That's dope. And he's over there. He's over there, man. But I told him when we was about to go to sleep, man, I told him, man last night, I was like, man, son, you did you, what does that, how'd that make you feel like, did you see all those people?


He's like, yeah. He's like, and they're like, like Dad, like that's a lot of people. I'm like, they was looking at you though, you know? Wow man. It's just a different, I appreciate it though. Like, I wish, I wish my, my messages to the people. I wish you guys, I wish everyone could experience that. What, what we get to experience, man. Yeah, man. Because that's kind of why it keeps us lit in the game.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like niche every parent's dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory? Or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. homes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style homes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like, it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, like, when when you send it, it was like, do I send the heart now? Because I, I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of The Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL, we're talking about the MVP race. Is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson, can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you, we'll be glad you did.


Hope you could join us for the Postseason Run. It's Julie Stewart Banks. I'm doing a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League and I'm paired up with one of my favorite players, the always quotable Nate Thompson. I wore nine NHL sweaters and I have story after story to share. And believe it or not, I have plenty to say and not just about hockey. Believe me, he does energy line with Nate and JSB is the name of the podcast and it's gonna be, well, it's gonna be quite the ride. We're officially mates Nate, we're the energy line. We'll Have plenty of folks join us current players, some of my former teammates, hall of Famers, and wait till you see some of the connections that Julie has. She has quite the Rolodex. Okay, we'll lean into Nate's playing experience and tap into our interests away from hockey and try to do what energy lines are supposed to do. Provide an emotional boost. How do you feel about all that? Nate? I'm vibe. And Julie, I'm ready to roll. Listen to Energy line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Co I, one more, one more question. One more question. I, I'm, I'm thinking about the mental part of it, right? The, the mental part as far as Luke is concerned, how is he going to react? How is he going to I is the trade, this is a wake up call? Is, is he going to fold? Now, two things can happen. Most of the time you think you're a player, you're sitting on top of the world. You feel, you feel like you're invincible. You know you're making good money. You're one of the best players in the NBA and all of a sudden you get that call, oh yeah, you've been traded to the Los Angeles Lakers. Now what Luca are we gonna get from this point going forward? Are we getting a pissed off Luca or we getting a Luka that's gonna fold under the Pressure? We don't know that Luka that you're talking about folding under the pressure. All he is done in six years is be great. Be a generational talent.


He's been special. What what just happened? Coach? Coach. He got Traded. Exactly. Now getting traded can do something to your mental now It special, it can do Something to your mental. I'm talking about the different kind of pressure. Pressure playing and being comfortable in Dallas knowing you. That guy is different. I agree with you with certain dudes, but there's, I don't care where you put Tom Brady. He's Tom Brady in New England. He's Tom Brady in Bay. Luka Dons, we're not going. His talent and, and his level of greatness, he's a special talent. I believe it'll elevate him conditionally wise and, and and to fight, you know, to fight defensively because he's got a guy in the locker room that, that's a hero of his, that he looks up to. Now, LeBron James certainly has his flaws at times, but one thing he does is take heaven body and he's an all time great, he's a special talent that if you just hang around, you've got testimonies from teammates, coaches, he's gonna make you better.


And Luka, Dante will be a better conditioned athlete and a better defender com competitively speaking because of, because of being around LeBron James. That's one thing LeBron James will bring to the table with him, without a doubt. But you know what Jack, I had a guy to tell me one time. He said they'll tolerate you until they can replace you profession. Luca is a professional basketball player. It seems to me. Nico Collin, Nico Harrison had a problem with him being a pro, which was how he conducted himself in being a professional basketball player. You don't, it had to get to a point, mark, mark, you know, this having played Mark, you played seven, what, 17 years?


Yes. You played 17 years. You coached in this league in order for you to trade a generational talent because we've never seen it happen before. At 25, the behavior behind the scenes, it had to be egregious. There's no other way around it, Jack. There's no other way. You're Right. That 25-year-old generational talent, we've never seen it before unless he asked to be traded, that's a different ball game. This guy didn't ask to be traded, he said to defend his life as a Dallas Maverick. So there is clearly something that, that, that made them pull the trigger and, and and, and, and make the trade and pick up the phone and call the Los Angeles. I don't know what it is. And that'll come out at some point.


It gonna come out, But if it don't Come out to watch it, it'll come out in the rinse. Yeah, he's too great of a player that that, that you just decided to pick up the phone. No, I can handle the think about it, but it's lack of defensive intensity for 48 minutes and it's not conditioning overall. The dude was still a five time first team all NBA player in six years. Yep. So I'm, I'm, I'm gonna live with, I'm gonna live with some of that and try to make them better. I'm not just gonna pick up the phone on a on a random day and, and call the Los Angeles Lake, right? So it's something that push the button to make them make this, call This, but Jack, my, my intent raised where Rick Carlisle wouldn't sign the contract extension.


You know how hard it is to get a generational player. They don't fall on trees and a lot of coaches never get an opportunity to coach a generational talent. Rick Carlisle didn't accept the contract extension and he had a 22, 20 3-year-old Luca that should have raised the antenna. But what really raised my antenna when I heard Nico Nico Harrison say, culture, when you hear that, Jack, I know your antenna raised too, because we see this with, with Zion, we believe it's conditioning plays a role in his injuries. We see that with Joe l Embiid. We believe his conditioning plays a role in his injuries. They believe, I believe it is my estimation, and I'm just looking at this from a distance, it, I believe the Mavericks believe that Lucas's condition, or lack thereof, his training, his eating habits play a role in this.


Those injuries. And I gotta give you $70 million this summer for the, for next summer, for five years. Oh no, Jack, I can't do that. Oh, I could do it. Oh no. Oh, I can do it. And you would do it too. The guy, the top five player in the world. There's no question about his ability. The the thing, the thing I got a problem with is we compare them to Joel MBI and Zion Williamson. Two guys that have a tough time staying on the floor. That's not Luke's issue. He plays hurt, he plays hobble, not a hundred percent, doesn't take care of his body. Not in the best condition physically. He doesn't come in shape and can't and can't. But he plays, he loves to play.


Those other two guys, right, have, have missed a substantial amount of, of games. I think culture is the conditioning. It's how we act on the bus. It's how we act on the plane. It's how we act in the locker room. We don't know that story. I'll give you an example. Jimmy Butler report come out. Jimmy Butler had the plane waiting for an hour while everybody waiting for him. Are you kidding me? That's not on Jimmy Butler. That's on me. That's, I'm not waiting an hour for nobody. That's what happened. Report is the plane is taking off and we're leaving Jimmy Butler, if you wait for Jimmy Butler and you're setting yourself up for disaster, you're setting yourself up for a culture that allows that.


No, we gonna set the tone right away. We leaving this guy and he shows up to the game. He shows to the game. We'll handle it. That. But what Kind of president are you sitting with Luca, when you know he's outta shape when you know he's not conditioning properly, when you know he's not training properly. The dude is averaging 30 and and and nine. He's the best player on the floor every night. Yeah. So you gotta find other, other ways to push the button to get 'em to respond, right? You gotta, you gotta pull him in the office by yourself and talk to him. You gotta pull him in the office with Kyrie. Irv. You gotta pull him in the office with the gm. You gotta pull him in the office with ownership, bring in some form of grace, bring in dirt, navis, whatever trick you gotta do to push the button dirt's there. No, whatever He, every day, Whatever the trick is you gotta do to push the button, your job, my job is to find that button and push it because he is great.


Yeah. And he's an all time great. But I wanna put him in that special room that he deserves to be in. I'm not like this. This guy's, you had to talk up to be great when he walked into this league, he was great. You know, you don't have to hype him up and talk him up. He's great from day one. So now let's get you into that special room. He just lost $117 million Ocho basically one year. Can he get it? Cost him a hundred? It cost him 117 million. Now if that don't get your attention, it should have your undivided attention. Now, I don't know where y'all grew. Who, who makes $117 million a year? Maybe some CEOs, maybe a, a, a Christiano, Ronaldo, maybe MB mba. Yeah, maybe some of them.


But it ain't a whole, it ain't a whole lot of players making 117 million in salary. Jamal, California, Texas. Now you got, just think about, you could have been, you could have been in in, in DA in Texas, no state income tax. Yeah, there's 13 and half percent in California. I don't know if you notice anything. So 40 million, they going take 13 point half percent. That's 10. So they gonna take 4 million to North three. So they gonna take about 6 million from you right there. Ocho on 40. Hey, Hey listen, let's say he missed out on one 17, right? Whatever. Whatever you missed out What, let's say he gets his himself together. Yes. Gets his self together, gets on the right track.


Is it a possibility he can re recoup that money on the back end and the next deal? It all depends. Hold up. He's a big enough superstar that he can have, he can have deals outside because he projects, that's one thing he projects globally, right? So yeah, he can make that money, but you can't make up what you miss. It's kinda like tying because yeah, let's just say for the sake of argument, mocho, he signs this deal with the Lakers. So one 17 minus 1 43 45. So he gets right. 2 28, 2 28, 2 28. Good money. But just say same. Hey Jamal, you remember when Boogie Boogie missed out on what?


200 million by getting traded to, by getting traded to the Pelicans and then he gets injured, never saw a payday again. See that's the thing, Ocho, you see we, we are under the assumption and we hope we knock on wood that nothing happens. But when you continuously overweight, you put stress on your body. Your body ain't used to that. Your body ain't used to being trying to go up and down that court on a nightly basis. Jamal, you know, at least two nights a week, sometime three nights a week when you meant to be two 20, all of a sudden you trying to play at two 60 something. Gotta give Ocho something. Gotta give. Yeah, You got a ferra and you keep hauling logs on top of it and you see what happened to it.


That's like, oh chocolate, he gonna play me one-on-one and he drinking coke. You can't play. I Mean, but hold on. You, you gotta gotta understand. I would go, I would go on five for 180 on McDonald's and cheeseburgers and fries and a coke. So, you know, having to deal with you at my age with this skillset would never having any injuries. That's easy work. No, you see you was doing that at 25 them fries and stuff. Listen, Listen, listen. A ain't nothing but the number. They, the man created that. Oh, I know. I'm sure 40 now. I know a ain't nothing but the number. I know that. Whenever you ready, I'm here. That's all they got to say. I seen That food worker gets prime. I ain't working on me. Lemme lemme, lemme ask you a question, Jamal, who do you think won the trade?


I think Dallas won the immediate future. The immediate part of it. I think the Lakers won the future part of it. And the reason being is, and he know it's not either. And as you know, like we've seen sometimes when he's ain't his fault and he's played games over the last few years, but he's gonna have a different workload now. Like you said, he's gonna be involved in picking roles a lot with Kyrie Luca. That's a great transition from LeBron to Luca as a future superstar. Whenever LeBron decides he's had enough. Because you gotta have that in la. So I think both sides wanted, it was just so, so weird. The weirdness of it was everything because I just, who would've guessed it? Could you imagine? No. Or Tatum or or train Joker.


It was just as why it's so crazy. Lemme tell you something else. I think there's gonna be one not at that level. I think there's gonna be a shocking trait that happens over this next time period. I promise you. I think something's coming And if you look at what Minnesota gave up to get Rudy Gobert. Yeah, Dallas didn't won, but one first round pick, I'd say gimme 27, right? Give me 29. I wanna pick, swap in between and, and gimme what you gave me. Yes. Right? Yes. That's how I gotta be because this dude is, he's generational. Luca's so good at basketball. Luca figure out the game a long time ago when he's playing at times he played against you, he playing against your coach. Him and Joker got that quality LeBron as well.


Oh, you on this? Oh, I got you on that. I what you gonna do coach? Okay, I'm, I'm expose him over there. Like he's one of those dudes, the games he, I've always said he plays like he got headphones on, like he listen to ADE or something. He's so at peace with his game that it's crazy. But now go to la So we gonna see, I Can't wait to see it. Three times six mans of the year, the oldest man in NBA history to have a 50 point game, the only man in NBA history to have 50, at least 50 with four different franchises. The one, the only Jamal Crawford. Good luck next year in calling games on NBC Jamal. Congratulations John. Well done. Hey, really appreciate you stopping by to drop offer some insight into this big trade, The Volume.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why could it be their sleek, beautiful design ad-free interface? A distraction-free search is certainly a breath of fresh air. Or maybe it's their in depth school info perfect for parents wanting the best for their kids with district details and reviews from multiple sources. They've got you covered. Or perhaps it's the homes.com is the only site that always connect you directly with the listing agent. Who knows the home best is home shopping the way it should be. homes.com. We've done your homework.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts And you will be glad you did.


What's up everyone? Julie Swink Sierra, along with former NHL Player Nate Thompson. We're doing a new podcast together. Here we go. The name Energy Line with Nate and JSB. Each week we'll get together and talk about hockey life. All topics are fair game, right? Exactly. And you'll never know who will drop by to join us. Julie is pretty well connected. She has text threads going that you wouldn't believe. Listen to Energy Line with Nate and JSB on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, Lots to Say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.