
Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt, and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the Jets season? Look no Further. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on And off The field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on Its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista, and NFO Network's, team of experts the insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon, only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Jordan Love agrees to a four year, $220 million extension, becoming the highest paid quarterback. The deal includes a record $75 million sign at the time of signing 155 million in new full guarantees. Congratulations, David mug. Aletta rep here. Love New Deal. Puts him in line with Trevor Lawrence, Joe Burrow, all of whom are earning 55 million per year as the top paid quarterback on an annual basis. Yeah, right. Rightfully so. Rightfully so. If you, if you watch him last year, if you watch him close, even though he is only in his third year, if you watch him close enough, he's well deserving. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. You, his command of the offense.


His ability to throw any and every throw regardless of what has they're on his ability to extend plays one of the, the special traits that some of the top quarterbacks have. Or being off being able to make plays off rhythm and make plays off script. And he can do it all. He can, he can, he can do it all. So this, this contract is warranted. It's a good thing that they got him now while he has the supporting cast around that are all really good. At some point, those receivers, I'm not sure who's gonna be the first one up. Somebody gonna have to get that bag. Yeah, for sure. Somebody gonna have to get that bag. Those Those receivers are, are the, are the real deal. I'm not saying, but he reminds you, he makes a lot of throws and his mannerisms are a lot like Aaron Rogers.


Aaron Rogers. If you watch him throw out that back like Aaron and you watch that release. Yeah, listen, flick Of the flick of the wrist. I'm Not saying the guy's gonna win for it MVPs and he's gonna be yada yada yada. Because you're talking about Aaron Rogers. He's talking about, you're talking about one of the transcendent players in the NFL. Yes sir. The guy can make every, every throw his ability to throw on the, in the pocket, out of the pocket change arm angles, the platforms in which you can disperse the football. It's second to none. But if you watched Jordan Jordan Love last year, green Bay knew they had that guy. Now they didn't know he was going be like this, but after going through the season and watching him in the playoffs, yeah, we got our guy.


It Was, it was a no, it was a no-brainer. It was a no-brainer. Think About it, Ocho they're gonna be in a situation from 92 into probably 32. They're gonna have three quarterbacks. Their quarterback situation is gonna be like the Steelers head coach. Yeah. Chuck Noll took over in 1969 and then he went from 69 to 92. Bill Cow went from 92 until he what, 2007 And then now, right. Mike Tolin. Mike Tomlin took over. So, and I don't, I don't, I don't think people understand how difficult that is. Oh yeah. It's a quarterback driven league and always has been. So the hard part that's always hard to find is a quarterback that you can lock in for the next 10 years and you can build around him.


It's very difficult. And for the fact that the Packers have had three back to back to back and Far Rogers and now Jordan. Love is, I'm not gonna say it's unheard of. It is unheard of, but it's Very, it's very difficult to do. It's unheard of because it's, Yeah. Okay. Go back, go back into history. Go back and, and look at any situation and try to find a succession of quarterbacks that, because even if you say Montana and Young, when Young took over, he was done by 98. Concussions had forced him out. So he already had five years. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And then they, you know, they went to Jeff Garcia and then they went to a lot of, well, no, they went to, was it Elvis Gerba first they went to Gerba, then Garcia. And then they had a lot of other guys down the line.


But we haven't seen anything like what Green Bay has been able to try out. No, not like, not, not like that. I mean, MVPs back to back. Yes. I mean Super Bowl champions. Go ahead. What'd you say Ocho? Nah, I said Super Bowl champions. Yes. So, you know, from 92, I, I can see a situation where this kid is the quarterback until 32. Maybe beyond, but I'm just saying, you talking about 40 years O Joe. Yeah. And you got three quarterbacks. Yeah. Think about how many quarterbacks Miami has had since Marino. Oh Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I I Do you think they had the one and two? 'cause they just paid two or two or just got, just got his deal.


I, what was that? I think it was four for, for two 12 I think. Or maybe five for two 12. But that's the thing, the ocho you like when you're dealing with that guy, what, what are your choices? Go back into the draft and hope and try to find one better that that's, that's more durable. Have a stronger arm that's taller. Right, right, right, right. I think, I think Tua, I think Tua, what's important for him and I, I consider what he's able to do in the Dolphins offense. I think it's perfect for him having Mike McDaniel having waddle now having OBJ having cheetah, all you having to do is facilitate the ball, hand the ball off. Yeah. You know, I'm not, I'm not saying in job is easy, but the supporting cash he has around him, he doesn't have to do much.


No. Because everyone else around him is so good. Everyone around him is so good. A similar situation to that. I can attest to Brock Purdy as well. Brock Purdy is good. What they ask of him to do is, but again, supporting cash. You got iu, you got Deebo, you had the best left tackle tackling in the game, then you got Christian McCaffrey in the backfield. You got Kittle. Right. What you have to do, just facilitate, don't turn the ball over. And every time, if you can do that and not make mistakes, you'll be in contention year in and year out. You're right. The Raiders thought it was a good idea to make fun of Patrick Mahome. Let's take a listen to the sound. Ocho.


Yeah. I I like it. I like it. It's, it, it is good for the game, even though it's a, the two time, two time three, two time Super Bowl. Three time Super Bowl winning Champ quarterback. It's a division game. Two time Mvp. Two time MVP. Let's have some fun. Antonio Pierce is now the new head coach. It's a new Raiders team. It's a new era for them. Now. All you have to do, now you're making fun of the quarterback now. Now you got to show up. Yeah, For Sure.


Time to play. That's all you gotta do. And if I'm not mistaken, the raid, the Raiders what they went one-on-one last year? Yeah. In Division they beat on Christmas. Yep. They show did. Yep, sure did. But hey, I, I like it. Me as a player from a competitive standpoint, you know, we, we, we know, we, we know how, how, how, how good they are over there. But hey, now if, if you gonna talk it now, you gotta walk it. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't stir. You gotta, you gotta, you gotta back it up. You gotta back it up. If You notice. I ain't, I ain't never said nothing about till Reggie White. I ain't say nothing to Bruce Smith. Woo. I knew, I knew who want problems.


Yeah, you don't want no problems. Mainly, mainly it was a D tackle. Man. I rust his soul, man. I, they were in my division. Ocho Chester, m Lockton, rest his soul. Woohoo. Chess I ended up playing. I ended up playing a couple, I think I played two years with Che. Yeah. And, and Cortez, Cortez and I came out together rest his soul too. Right. But man, you talking about going back and forth. Yeah. I could imagine Me, Cortez Chester Ton and Sam Adams. Yeah. Big Sam. Hey fast. A fastest first step in the game fast. First step out the ball. I stated you Sam, I stated To to it.


I played with Sam in Cincinnati. Did you? Yeah. Sam with that in Cincinnati. Oh yeah. With Yeah. Yeah. Big Sam. What Big Sam was funny man. Charles Barkley calls out N-B-A-A-T-N-T beef. He released a statement. Clearly the NBA has wanted to break up with us from the beginning. I'm not sure TNT ever had a chance. TNT maxed the money. But the league knows Amazon and these tech companies are the only ones willing to pay for these rights when they double in the future. The NBA didn't, didn't want to piss them off. It's a sad day when the owners and commissioners choose money over fans. And it sucks. Well, well we know that. Wait, ch Barkley knows that at the end of the day, the bottom line has always been the same when it comes to business.


This is a business. Yes, we know, we know that. Now I'm upset, I'm upset, I'm upset with Chuck. Hell. The TNT show is phenomenal. Right. It's great. Why? Because everybody can be themselves. It is authentic. It's also teaching why they allowed to be themselves. Why did you have to match the offer? Why didn't you make an offer? So you let you done, let Amazon, you done Let them wrap this up. Oh, we gonna come in at the last minute? No, Ocho Ocho, here it is. Okay. Ocho Yeah. I'm gonna put my car up. Everybody you got, you got 24, 24 days to bid. Yes sir. You gonna come in on 20, you gonna come in on the 25th day and Oh, okay.


I'm gonna match that bid. No, TNT knew. Yeah. And y'all didn't do anything till Amazon done came in with their bid. No, bro. Y'all lost out. Hopefully ES ESP N can work out some kind of arrangement and that'll be their, their pre and post-game show. Right. Amazon is gonna be in the work and Amazon got a a a boatload of money. Yes Sir. I don't know what NBC, what direction they're gonna kind of grow in, but it seems like ESPN and Amazon is looking at the crew as is Barkley has, he had a out clause. If t and t lost basketball, he could become a free agent unless they guaranteed the last, the remaining nine years at two at two, 190 million.


Which doesn't make sense to me if they don't have basketball, why would you pay someone nine not for nine years, 190 million ocho when you don't have, what, what are you gonna have him do? You don't have enough sporting events. Right. Okay. I get you have those that celebrity golf classic, but you're not gonna pay that kind of money for that. Only for that. Yeah. But they, they, they, they're so good though together. And then I, I use, I use the, the, the, the comparison to Martin when it comes to the t and t crew, Ernie Chip, I mean Ernie, Kenny, Shaq, Shaq, Chuck, and Chuck is like Martin, you can't, there's no way that it is not interchangeable.


Martin, Pam, Gina Cole, and Tommy. You can't replace that. You can't replace it. It's so well together. They bounce well off each other. The chemistry is perfect. It's not only an informative show about basketball. It's funny. Sure. It's funny. You can't replace that. You can't replicate that. No matter how you get, you can't interchange that four. Right. And think you get the same show. No, you're not. No, you can't. They gotta keep, they gotta they gotta find a way to keep it together. Right. They, they gotta find a way to make it work. But, but Kenny doesn't seem to be wanting to move now where, I mean, you know, where now could they possibly shoot it in Atlanta?


'cause that's where t and t right. Normally shot their show. I don't know where Amazon would shoot their show right now. You know, the football show, Amazon shoots that on location. Right. That, that's very expensive. I I know a lot of you guys don't understand television, but to go on location 19, listen to me, is take it from me. That goes on location from time to time. And you gotta move crews and you gotta pay for flights and you gotta pay for hotel and you gotta give per diems. It's very, very, so you could imagine on the scale of what the t and t crew does, I'm just talking about little stuff that you know, that you and I do ocho when, you know, we, we going on tour, that's a big undertaking when we, you know Yes.


When we went to New York, you know, we gotta have a crew And. we gotta have, you know, it's a lot. Yeah. So, like I said, I don't know. And, and Chuck Kenny and Shaq, and they're not traveling every week. That's not happening. It's not. Yeah. Chuck's done got too old. Ernie done made it very abundantly clear. He ain't really trying to move like that. Shaq have a lot going on. Shaq ain't really trying to move like that. So Right. Where word's gonna be, the central location in which you shoot the Show is important. Yeah. The the funny thing about it is Amazon has the rights and they ain't short of no goddamn cash over there.


Ocho. They ain't, they ain't, they ain't, they ain't short of no cash over there. I've been trying to tell people this is that if you wanna be a network, you gotta get live events. You need NFL football, you need back, what do YouTube do? What did Amazon do? Yes sir. We won a Thursday night package. We'll pay you a billion. But we want a th we want a Friday game. We'll give you 110 million just to have a right to broadcast that. Guess what? They're gonna have a a Wednesday night game, a Thursday night game, a Friday night game, a Saturday night game. Yes, sir. At the end of the day, it come down to one thing.


All the streaming services doing what did Peacock do? Wasn't their game stream. No. Peacock wasn't their playoff game stream. No. Peacock coach. Yes sir. You didn't even know what Fox was. Nobody knew Fox was a network until they got NFL football. They got the NFC package. Nobody knew what Fox was. They were a news network. Yeah. They ain't look back. Think about the, think about the networks that had football. Gave it up, thought they could do without it. NBC had NFL football gave it up. CBS had football, gave it up, a BC had it, gave it up.


And they realized one thing, they can't live without it. You can't And there's, there's nothing else to replicate it. There's nothing else to replicate the viewers, the eyes. It's impossible. It's impossible. So, Charles, I'm sorry bro, but you know how this thing worked. I mean, don't make it seem, hold on. Don't make it seem like NBA the NFL, the nf, the MLB are the only ones that care about money because that's how businesses work. They're not nonprofits. Yeah. Everything's gonna go to the highest bidder.


Tell me, tell me what business is not gonna be going to the highest bidder unless you just ticked off at somebody. Yep. Now you, you read the story. You hear the story that Jerry Jones didn't have the highest bid for the Cowboys, but the owner Bum Bright sold him to, because Jerry assured him that he was gonna get rid of Tom Landry. Think about what it's gonna take to come in and fire Tom Landry. Oh yeah. But Right. Like, I don't want nobody, like I ain't touching him. No. So, but for the most part, you go to the highest better.


Yeah. Normally a job, if the job a comparable OCHO and one job gonna pay you 200,000, the other job's gonna pay you $300,000 and you in the same city. Yeah. Who go like, well you know what? No. That's how it works. So it's so funny. Listen, and that comes, that comes with life as well. So it's, that's a like lesson not only business when it comes to women choosing a partner. Unc correct me if I'm wrong, who they picking Ocho Correct me if I'm wrong, when it comes to women picking a partner. When you have a choice, you got 10 people talking to you.


Who you picking? Come on now. My grandpa used to say, boy, it is just as easy for a woman to love a rich man. That is a poor one. Come on now. Hey, hey. If I got love or the pain, if I gotta give you a back massage when you come in here and cook your meals, you make a hundred thousand, he make 2 million. Yeah. And you're comparable personality. You make me laugh. You got a sense of humor. Oh, you great with Keith? Come on now, Man. Y'all better stop playing man. He did the duh.


It's life. It's life Rich. Paul and Ade are officially engaged. Hey, congrats. Congrats. Alright, rich. I already sent him a Congratulations. Congratulations, rich Adele, congratulations. You are amazing. Thank you. Hello to the concert for my daughter and signing the program. But I really, really appreciate that. It's great, rich. I already already had this conversation. Ain't no plus. It's one. Hey, it's two fact.


Let me perform. You perform what? Huh? What you perform. Now you now you know I can sing. Don't do that. Don't do that. Lord. You know how you know I can sing. I, I perform. I performed at weddings. I performed at Bar Mitzvahs. I, I, I performed before. Don't, don't, don't do that. Oh, now you know I can sing. Oh, Lord have mercy. You don't think so? No Ocho think about this. I don't think so. Think about this. Adele is getting married. How many people can go perform at her wedding? Think about it. Outside of me. Think about it. I you, I'm with you when you write. That's one thing about it. Well, There's, there's only so many.


Keep you outside. You said outside of you. Hopefully you stay outside when the, when the sink is going. Hey, I I I be, I'm telling you, I'd be the perfect man. Listen, man, boy, you put me on that stage. Oh Lord. I, I, I won't embarra, I won't embarrass nobody. Hello. Goodbye. Man. They go. They gonna wrap that man. They gonna wrap that so quick.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've Got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might've missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insider's Podcast featuring me, Tom ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Junie Batista, and NFL Network's, team of experts, The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders your loyal viewers show. Now you're on it. How does it feel? I Am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing, and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show. We dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus, serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Oh, Joe, check this out. UCLA head coach Deshaun Foster had an awkward start to the Big 10 conference on Media Day. Let's take a listen. Yeah. How you guys doing? I'm happy to be here. Glad to be a part of this great conference. Finally, putting two great emblems together. UCLA in the Big 10. We're a school that's won what, 123 championships. So this fits us being right in this conference. Football wise, we're is excited. You know, I'm sure you guys don't know too much about UCLA, but our football program, but we're in la it is US and USC.


We, I'm just basically excited. Really? That's it. Any questions? Yeah, he, he's, he, he, he not a, he, he's not, he's not a speaker. He's not comfortable in front of the mic. He's not comfortable in front of talking to media. Obviously it's something that you should probably get training, especially when you, you in a position of power like that, being the face of an entity like UCLA and being their head coach. You have to be very, very well spoken and being able to talk like I I I like that.


I like being in front of camera. I would like not to be in his shoes being a head coach, but I'm really well at fielding questions. I'm really well at getting a point across based on something that I'm representing or coaching and being a leader of men, he was just very uncomfortable in that situation. That's all. You can tell it's something he hasn't worked on or trained to do. It's everybody can talk. Yes, sir. Very few can speak. Mm. There's a difference between the two and I don't think people understand that nearly enough. Right. That's a gift. Yes.


Yeah. Now you got talkers, you got speakers and you got orators. Right. You talk about a Dr. King or you talk about a Churchill or you talk about a J of K You talk about, you talk about someone that could command the masses. Obama. Yes. When it's time for him to speak. Yes. Yes. Crazy work. And then you get people that can speak, that can stand in front from in front of a team or Ray Lewis, Tom Brady. Yeah. For LeBron James. That's a gift. Yeah. And very few can do it.


It's difficult. I don't think people understand how difficult it is. So Deshaun Foster being in that. Yeah. He nervous being in that position like that. I can tell for one nervous prime. Yeah. He didn't know what to say. I prime. Oh my goodness. Prime is really good at that. Yes. I, I bet Deshaun Foster, he was, he was briefed. He was told what to talk about and he probably went over it a hundred times in his, in his head a hundred times. But when the lights are shining and those cameras are in front of you, and you are at that podium and it's just you, it's in one ear and out the other. Yeah. I didn't You don't remember you Half of the time you don't remember nothing. I ain't Even know. I Didn't even know. It's a gift. It's a gift to be able to do that. I didn't even know UCLA was in la IWI wonder what that LA was for at the end.


University of California had. Yeah. Oh yeah. He, He, he gonna be all right though. Yeah. He gonna be all right. He gonna be all right. He gonna be all right. He nervous. Get to a bowl game. Get to the Rose Bowl. Get to a, They gonna, they, they gonna forget that. Forget all about that. Forget all about that. You remember What's the coach for the Eagles? What was the, what's the head coach of the Eagles Right now? Sirianni. Yeah. Rick Dixie. Remember how he came out there with a green track suit on Fumbling. Yeah. Get to the Super Bowl. Win the bit. Yeah. People forget all about that. Yeah. There, there are very few coaches that are, that are good at that. Mike Tomlin is good at it. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Mike Tomlin is really good. Good.


In front of Tomlin is a great speaker. Yeah. Great speaker. Yeah. Great. And you know, other coaches, they just short. Yeah. Right to the point. I think Belichick Belichick ain't give you nothing. No. Like Bill ain't, bill ain't give you nothing. Oh, Mike mc, you know who's good? Mike McDaniel? Yeah, Mike McDaniel's good. He's, he's, he's on, he is more of a, a, a, a comedic coach. Yes. He funny. Yeah, it is. It's, yeah, it's tough. Ojo like I said, I think he was just a bit nervous. You look out there, you see all them people Cameras going off. Yeah. They're there to hear what you have to say. Everybody's gonna remember your first, your first press conference.


Yeah. Your first introduction and Yeah. It's, it's not easy. I, for, for us Ocho our grandfather made us speak obviously like most kids, especially in the black family and especially, I don't know if everywhere I can just speak to the South. 'cause that's where I grew up. Right. Everybody had an Easter speech and if, hey And, if you could like sing a song, you could say an Easter speech. And I ain't just talking about no happy Easter, you know, no happy no Barney Porter wasn't playing that. And when my grandfather, my grandma wasn't playing. No, no. Oh. Happy Easter today. I'm just here to have say happy Easter today, man. I wish you would. And then he come. Hey, one of you Bo Hey y'all gonna lead devotional service today.


So now hey, you gotta read from the hymn book Hy 3 92. We have someone for a suitable tune. Amazing Grace out. Sweet. The sound. Sound. We gotta do that. Okay. Yeah. One of y'all going to pray today. So we a we 7, 8, 9 years old. We gotta go and pray in front of people, you know, shake, you know, I gotta go. Yeah. Maybe last time Ocho. Yeah, yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I, I don't, you know what? I, I don't for, for me obviously again, just like you, it started in the church, me being comfortable speaking in front of crowds, having to read certain verses. Yeah. Certain chapters in the Bible.


Doing it at a young age. And then obviously when you, you talk about football, I got very sad. I got was very media savvy very early. Yeah. Being comfortable talking in front of camera. Then you'll see me play. Right. Yeah. You see me play, you see the fun, the personality. But then you'll hear me talking in a setting. Hell, you put me in a political setting. I get up there and talk like I'm run off office and you have no idea. This can't be the same person where I'm able to adapt to the environment that I'm in. You Have to, it, it is weird. I don't, I don't know. I don't know. You gotta read the room mojo. Yeah. It's not something I've I trained myself to do, but I can just hit a switch and do it. Yeah. And I'm very, I'm very comfortable in front of crowds. Very comfortable.


Especially in front of the mic. Yeah, They, and the thing is like, sure you like, like the people but you know you got your cousins in there. They go, They playing around laughing At you. Like come on man. Hey you. So you can't make no eye contact. I ain't making no eye contact with my brother. No you can't look my cousin because they start laughing and doing all kind of crazy stuff and you mess up and granny gonna cut your tail when you get home because you bull driving. And then when you was in school, I'm like why that kid got one word and I gotta remember the Gettysburg address. I gotta remember Dr. King, I got a dream. He got two words. Right. Well how did I know you could do it? I can know I could do it too. But I don't wanna go home and study every night to try to read these, remember these four paragraphs.


Oh. Oh, some good days. Why good days? I Mean man, but you know, in the south. Hey Greg. Hey, you didn't play around in the church. All that playing in church and that stuff carried on. Oh no. Oh no. Ain't nobody playing, playing church Water would never tolerate that. All. No, please Mary. Hey, wherever you show out, you get war out. It didn't matter. Oh, On cue? Yes. Oh. And the grocery on every time. But she already told me and my brother, y'all ain't gonna get nothing. And you know we, we gotta push the buggy. That was the thing. Ocho. Yeah, she, you know, she tell us to get that or get something. Man, you must rather hit the back of my grandma head with that buggy Boy, Boy Port start gritting them teeth and give you, and turn around and give you that look.


I ain't even told you the, I don't even wanna push the bug no more. You got Yeah Hell Bad. Oh, some good days Bro. That deal was the days Ocho man Days man. Hey listen, my grandma used to prep me, man. Bessie May Flowers, she'll prep me before we even go in the store. We had a store called Zas. Y'all had Zas? Where you from? The jewelry Stores? I don't know how many how yet. Listen. Huh? What was it? Z's is like a JC Penney's but it's way back in the day. Okay. Yeah. Just in the eighties. No, we didn't have it on 54th Street. Now we, we put, we pulled in the parking lot at Zas and I'm hyped and she gave me that talk before you, before you even get out this car. I'm gonna tell you right now, the answer's no, don't ask me for nothing. And don't start begging and you ain't nothing.


I'm in here to get, I'm coming in here to get a few items. And, we leaving? Yeah. And, we be in that bitch back damn near hour going up each aisle. Going up each aisle. She ain't know she walked slow now. We ain't gonna be in that long because my girl ain't got for $25. You ain't gonna be in that long. You ain't gonna be in that long, don't you, you get, you'll get three loaves of bread for dollar. You'll get a gallon of milk. You get some donut. You get that 50 pack pink hot dog with the sleeves. Y'all outta, Man, you ain't, you ain't finna be at no grocery store. We go about two hours. I ain't know the grocery store had like 10 aisle because we wasn't going number two. You go up, you go to the meat section, get the chicken.


Yeah. The two chickens that were hold that needed to be cut up. Yeah. You ain't getting no chicken That okay. You got all drumstick, all breath short five. Nah, my granny cutting the chickens up. You get two of those. Hey boy. Right. Go get some a because you know back then it they, my grandma ain't never called me by my name. I ain't even know my name with waiting on my grandma to tell you my name. I would've never known. Hey boy, son, Hey boy. Go get some, go get three loaves of bread. Right, right, right back three lo of bread cost a dollar. Woo. Yes. Three lo of bread, a And. we called it lightning bread. So I didn't know Ocho, I did not know until I got to the NFL that it was called white bread.


Right. We called it lightning bread. Light bread. Right. Ocho, I go to the store, I was like, excuse me, where's your lightning bread? The lady looking at me like I'm a damn fool. I'm looking at her like she a damn fool. Right. I said lightning. I was like, do you not understand that? I said lightning bread, sir, we don't, we don't sell that. I said, ma'am, you mean to tell me you don't have light bread. The lady looking at me saying, sir, I'm sorry, I I don't understand what you're asking for. I was like, lightning bread did you make sandwiches with, she said, you mean white bread? I said yeah, if you call it that. Yeah. So I done got mad don't you? I about to damn food. I just get to Denver and I'm about to show out.


I Right. I didn't know that's what they called it because we never called it that. We called it Lightning Bread. Hey boy. Hey bring some, hey bring light bread back, son. Okay. Hey they, they had, they had Wonder Bread. Yeah, we had, yeah. Wonder Bread had Wonder Bread Captain John Durst Sun Bean was the bread that we got. Right. Hey, that, that Wonder Bread was, was already soft and, and kind of buttery for a peanut butter jelly sandwich. I used to make them peanut, peanut butter jelly sandwich. Yeah. And sometimes I get, I think it is a sun, sun something Raisin bread. They come in the red pack. They come in the red package? Yeah. Sunan? No, is it sun Bean? Oh, I know what you're talking about. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I know what you talking about Raisin red.


Yeah. Yeah. What is that called? Yeah, I, I know exactly what you talking about. Ocho Man, I I I make, I make my sausage, egg and cheese sandwich on that raisin bread. Lightly toasted. Man, stop playing. Oh. Janet got knives. They done took the fun outta it, you know. Oh Joe, I just found out they got jelly that you squeeze now that you don't dip that you don't take the knife and spread the bread. Wait. Nah, you ain't supposed to use no jelly. Supposed to use jam. Huh? Man, jelly Jelly Jelly get too messy. That jam spread real that, that, that jam Man look here. We, that smuckers, that Smuckers Jam. Strawberry, No grape. Well we didn't get no grape. We got Apple. Great. Cool. If you, we had apple jelly.


I ain't, I ain't really know nobody. Apple apple's a good one. Now Apples, apples a go. I ain't, I'm not even gonna lie. I'm not even gonna front apple's a Good one. Sun made. But that jam, that's the name of the bread you talking about Sun made Right. Sun made, that's what it is. That's what it is. Sun Made. Yep. Got that Raisin bread. But my cousin them got that good bread, they got that Captain John's Durt that was in that brown bag. It's in a brown, it's in a brown loaf. Captain John Durst. It's like buttery bread. It's buttery. Right. And you didn't get no three loads of that. We got that three loaves of bread for a dollar. That's what we got and ain't. And hey, everybody waited to the last, that first and the last the end. And nobody messed with the ends.


Nah, want End. Hey push come to shove. I bet you eat it. Oh yeah. You ain't got no choice. You ain't got no choice. Yeah. You ain't got no choice Ocho time for, actually this is our first segment of the day and it's time for q and a Q and a. Ask what you want. I ain't gonna tell you no lie Damn graphics on vacation. Damn. Okay. I'm sorry guys. We ain't got no graphics tonight. Tomorrow. Hey guys. Lainey Ray said, Hey guys, I learned some trivia. I learned some Olympic trivia. Which sport is the fastest over any other summer Olympic sport?


Think about it. Fastest hit serve race. What do you think it is When she, when she says fastest, what does she mean? To what extent? The fastest Olympic sport. The fastest. Wouldn't it have to be Bob? Wait, bobsled is not Olympic Sport. That's winner. Okay. Olympic. Well, I mean, I mean I guess you talking about, I guess it'd be a serve, but that's not, I'm trying to, tennis, tennis is an Olympic sport ain't. Yeah, yeah, for sure. I'm trying to that I mean it is, it is it, I mean the arrow, I guess if you archery that arrow is flying faster than a serve.


A bullet is like, you think so? Hell yeah. I don't know. Now we got some servers that there's serving a hundred, 130, 120 miles an hour now. Well, who has the record? I think Andy Rock. Andy Roddick had the record at 1 55. I mean they had some guys that could serve it. Vic? Yeah. John Isner. Goran, Eva Nivi. I'm talking about big, big servers. I'm talking about big server. Yeah. 1, 1 35, 1 40. I think Skinner is up there. Ian, Ian Skinner. Yeah. Yeah. But I think Andy Rod, has anyone gone past 1 55? Dr. Evil, ELO Vic?


I know he had a, did they count that? Yeah. Oh, okay. So isnt there, so they third 1 57. 1 63? Yeah. Bad. That's a good question. I don't know the answer to Badminton is the record. 306 miles. Now you, Hey, back in the day you born badminton king over the clothes line. Hey. Oh, we get, hey, we string that thing up getting them racket from Western Otto. Right. I know somebody here know about Western Otto if you from the south. Yeah.


I, I ain't, I ain't played too much Badin my, what they Call it Shuttlecock. The only, only thing I can think about. That's what, that's what the little thing that you hit is called a shuttlecock. Have you ever played teddy ball? What is that Teddy ball with? The yellow ball is a is on is on the pole. Yeah. And you hit and you, and you hit it and then somebody on the other side, they hit it Back. Oh, hit it back. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Try to steady Ball, man. Look who, look who this is man. She call, she calling. They on they all, they in Turks. Hello Baby. I mean the fact, the fact we, the show is going on and the fact that you FaceTimed me, let me know you not watching. So where's the support?


'cause there's no service For red. Oh. There's no service. If there's no service. How you calling me right now? Well, we back home, but where we were At? Why you slurring? You drunk? You drunk. What? Okay, I, I got, I got, I come on, I I have to finish the show with unc. We doing Q and a. Oh, you, oh, now you got, you got Don Julio again here. She go to Don Julio again. Oh, real. All right. Right. Come on. I'm, I'm being rude now. I'm being rude. All right. All right.


Why is she slurring like that? Man? She really drunk. Yeah, probably. I, I, but I ain't they hey, they, they need, I'll tell you what the support they need to add. What If them diamonds hit your system, who can be ready to quick? I 50, boy, I got too much years. I got two. I been training for this a long time. Dang, man. I already Know. Hey, matter of fact, yeah, listen, if, if they have an Olympic sport where diamonds are involved, I don't even think training would be required. That is something that we just on gold medal naturally. Yeah. I'm retired, undefeated. But you, but you never know. Now I don't. It's a lot of you never, there's a lot of competition out there. Ain't no competition already. You Hadn't like me Ocho.


Right. Don't put, I don put nothing in my system. Right. Well you already told us about one that made you tap out. Now remember, hey, I know the story. That why I'm gonna get that fight me so I can spend the block on. Yeah. I know that it worked because I told you the first, the first time I had it, Ocho had one. Yeah. New one where I put that I ocho Yeah. All was some yellow tape. It was a crime scene. Had a Like, hey, light Road, huh? Yeah. Yeah.


Man had a chalked up and everything. Ocho bad, bad, but they was, they was slim back then. You know I had stumbled on corn one. Yeah. Next time I went over there Ocho it wasn't the same way. Wasn't the same. But you know, round three she told me, she said, Hey, I said, you what's up? You know, let your boy come back over there. Right, right, right, right. He said bring that dick. You had the first time. Okay, I people, y'all saying y'all think I'm lying. I swear she told me that Ocho said bring that one you had the first time. I Said, I don't know what they want me to do, Ocho, I I I gave you what I had, baby.


Yeah. Hey, Hey, where you shot at Out? You shout out? Yeah, man, I ain't, see I told you I, my, my, my story, my, my, my stories man are, are more on the, on the, on the embarrassing side. Man. I, I, I, I told you, you know, I just, it's, it is hurtful. I ain't got no good stories like that, man. I told you man. And you know my shortcomings in life, so. Oh yeah, man, I put it on. Oh yeah. Just, just, just one of the worst things fellas in the chat and, and women, you can probably attest to this and you know, you know, just hearing, you know, Chad, I want y'all stay with me now. Just hearing a woman, I, my mental health is important to me.


And back then I didn't understand it. Just having intercourse with someone that, that you have feelings about and, and, and that, that you love. And hearing her say, go deeper, stay with me. Go deeper. And mind you, as she continues to whisper this in my ear, I'm already all the way. So then, you know, subconsciously, you know, mentally I'm, I'm, I'm gone. My ego, I'm, I'm hurt. And that, that's something that I've, I've, I've, I've, I don't wish on no man. She already knew Ojo. She knows she, you are a short fisherman. You ain't no DC fisherman. You ain't got that kind of meat on you.


Yeah. Yeah. She, she, you ain't Get that kind line Whatcha talking about? I, I don't, I don't come with scuba. Miguel, you Know, ojo, I, I don't, I don't come with scuba. Ga I, I told her and just, I ain't really been the same since then. Huh? Yeah. You fish, you this, This was, this was way back in 87. You Fish, you with a cane pole. You gotta have a rod rib to spin it on. You ain't got that on you. I'll tell you, I'll tell you. No lie, I lie for you before I lie to you. But that, that, I never forget that. And to this day, to this day, I don't, I don't, I don't know what she is. But, but I would Never say but see, here's the thing though, Ocho, because you, you 1 55, you couldn't put no weight on her. And you like, oh, you head the fuck gonna hurt your chair.


Something. You, you see? Yeah. See that's why after that, that's why after that I started doing everything at a faster rate. Because if you small and you move fast, you can do damage. Man, you ain't do no damage. They, They, they never know. Well, I guess I guess a thousand pay cuffs do hurt. Like a, you know, There you go. There you go. They there you go. Listen, anything at 90 miles an hour, you gonna feel the pressure. Yeah. If you driving a car, you driving 90 miles an hour and you hit the wall, you gonna gonna feel something. No, But see, when you got an on 18 wheeler, you got an 18 wheeler, you ain't gotta go fast.


You know I'm saying No, you, I come through it 20 miles an hour. Just run over everything. All we all, you know, we, we, we all ain't blessed man. Hey, you know at just You, you, you get on that red, you get on that Red Bull and one of the Yeah, Yeah. Like a trucker all night. Yes Sir. Yes sir. Yeah. I, I wish, I wish I could, I could, I could. I had a testimony but that, that, that right there in there. That ain't my minute. Hey you. That ain't in my minute. Oh. What, you took something. I took my time. That's what I took. That what I took on Joe.


I took my time. That's it. Don't be bad now. Uhuh. Uhuh now all a sudden. Oh, you took something. I know you ain't supposed to be able to go this long. You ain't supposed to. Whoa, whoa. Why you trying to, why you trying to put something on my prowess and what I'm able to do? Girl, please. Oh shit. I know, I know you took something. I just took my time. Hey, hey. Oh man, there's some, there's some days, man. You know, you know that, that, that, that built it made me who I am today. That made me the man I am today. It built character, you know, character, you know, and, and I can deal with things like mentally.


Mentally, my mindset is like sandpaper. You know? That's why I'm able to, to withstand so many things and everything. And nothing bothers me. Do nothing bother you. Walk off Duck back. Yeah. Nothing, nothing bother me. You know, after, after dealing with something like that. Like that, that is, that is an ego bruiser. No it ain't. That is like that just Now women, women always say, women talk about always going do that. Look at a woman get mad at you. That's why, you know, with your little self hold up. Yeah. Yeah. Did we did you lay down? Did we do it? Yeah. Yes sir. Okay. I don't care if it was one hour or one second. Did the act happen? Yes sir. There it is. I got mine. Yeah. Well I ain't enjoy it. I know what to tell you. You can't take it back.


This ain't no clothing. You can't take this back to JC Penny Uhuh. You gotta wear. Okay. Yeah. They be trying to make you feel bad. Y'all can't make me feel bad. I Feel good. Especially with, especially with the time. That's what you, you want, yo, you're two minute, you're three minutes. Yeah. You think three minutes ain't long. Get your ass in the boxer ring. Unless somebody try to knock your head off for three minutes and tell me how long that is. Lemme Ask you a question, Ocho C and see What happens. I get you better go to any amusement park. How long them rides last. They ain't lasting no 10 minutes At All. 60 to 90 seconds. Give you the thrill. Your life. And you mad at me because I gave you four.


I don't care. Hey, that's all I got for you, Dr. Frankie l Bellamy. What are some of the new, what are some new or different games? You guys would love to see that in the Olympics? Well, they brought skateboarding, if I'm not mistaken. That was last Olympics. They got breakdown, break dancing in this. I guarantee you, in the next eight years, cornhole will be an Olympic event. That'd be a good one. Cornhole would be a very, very 'cause cornhole is, is is is is big. Cornhole is big. That that, that'd be a great Olympic event. I Like that. What else you wanna see Ocho?


Another event I'd like to see at the Olympics. Porky, you know what? Nah, nah, You What about roller skating? Roller Roller roller skating. Like freestyle. Freestyle roller skating. Like the old like, like, like roll bound or like roll. Yeah, like roll bound. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I, I like that. That's, to me, that's just, that just, I like, I like watching roller ski. What? Being the fact that I can Skate is darts in the Olympic dartson. What about darts? Darce in the Olympic. I like darts. Yeah. Dar darts is good. Darts is dope. Pool. I mean, people shoot pool all over the world. People play billions. Yeah. A axon is another one.


Bowling. Bowling is interesting. You know what they need to bring? What? Spades? They ain't ready for that. Huh? They ain't ready for that. Because we, we, we, we, hey, we need, we need, we need grandmas, uncles and aunties. 'cause ain't nobody gonna be able to compete with the US when it comes to spades. No. Uhuh. You know what? They need to roll dice. I'm talking about hood dice. I ain't talking about with no table. Yeah. Your boy got this thing. Ocho two dice. Two dice at three. I want two dice. Born in 54. Died in 63. What's my Ocho got it. Mag, huh?


Four days at the counter. Bout Five with the hammer car. Oh man, the dice. Nah, They spades a dice. They can't, they can't, they can't be no Olympic sport and people, the people ain't ready for that. You know, you know it's gonna be a Olympic sport in the next, with inside the next 12 years. Yeah. Pickleball. Oh yeah. Pickleball is growing tremendously. It's growing immensely. Especially here in the States growing immensely. And y'all may not be using my phrase too. Born in 54, died in 63 9.


My point. What you wanna bet what we betting six and eight. I got all six and eight. You got all right. Who got the Fame? Hell no. What you call Harlem. I roll up. I roll up. But all you on broke


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brant and Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the league's. Biggest stories from game plan analysis and player interviews. We've got you covered for all things football. Hey, you wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We bring you everything, all the games, all the matchup previews, our impeccable predictions. Get your football fixed right here on the GMFB podcast. We've got recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the field. We bring it like nobody else, straight from the source. Whether you're a football fanatic or you just enjoy a good laugh. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring me, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Garofolo, Judy Batista and NFL Network's, team of experts The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league. Our team of insiders and reporters bring you daily detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. It's the insiders. You're a loyal viewer of the show now. You're on it. How does it feel? I am a loyal viewer, one of my very favorite shows. We, we appreciate that greatly. If you want a deeper dive into the inner workings of the NFL, look no further on the insiders. You'll hear from the league's, top players, head coaches, and key decision makers. The insiders will keep you informed and educated on everything. NFL. Listen to the insiders on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. On the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast. I get the chance to do what I love. Talk about how tennis and other women's sports are growing and changing and what the future holds. I think I just genuinely loved what I did. I love this waking up, putting on my sports gear. I still believe it was so rewarding. Maybe you can relate to it as well. As a woman, I think it's a very powerful feeling to, to have a job at which you are able to see improvements in real time On the show, we dissect everything going on in the game straight from the biggest players in the world. Plus serve up recaps of all the matches and headlines in the game, including a rundown of the US Open every Monday. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports,


Coco Saint Lauren. Do you think the amount of talented international basketball players will grow enough to have a World Cup like competition? I don't think so. Nah, nah. No. I mean, I guess the Feba is kinda like the world, you know, the Olympics is the, like the World Cup, the PBA is the world. That's, that's, Yeah. Basically because World Cup is every four years and so is the Olympics. Yes. So it's, it's, that's, that's about It. It just so happens off years to, not to coincide with the Olympics. Right. Queen of Topics TV says Ocho got a hundred kids. I don't believe he has a chicken nugget.


Ocho got a hundred kids. I don't believe he has a chicken nugget. Dang Ocho. Yeah, I mean, if she was smart, she would understand before they understand what I have. You hurry up and get him pregnant right away then it's too goddamn damn late. Oh. So You gotta stuck, huh? Bingo. You gotta trap him. You gotta trap him early. You Gotta trap him early. That's how I caught real. I, I caught real quick. You know, you make 'em wait, make 'em wait, make 'em, make, make em wait. You know, you find out when they, when their, their, their time they ovulating. Boom. Get, get it out the way. Get it quick. Before, before, before they realize It's like it's too late. They done fell in love with, They stuck with now how Ocho Yeah. They, they done fell in love with my personality, but Oh my goodness. I mean, know he good looking, you know, good looking dude.


I ain't, I ain't ugly by, by no means, you know, skip one to 10. I'm about, I'm about a, a six and a half. I'm a scroll. Say I'm a seven with a haircut. So by that time it's too late, Huh? Yeah, I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm on, I'm on point right now. That one, the old people just say when they so they wasn't, you know, old people. Ocho my grandma wouldn't say ugly. She never call somebody ugly. Right. Woo. That boy so hard on the eyes, ain't he? That's the thing. What mean? Hard on the, that's the same thing. Ugly. Ugly. She sure ain't even to look at bad.


Hell nah. Hey, That's a good one. Roy Williams donated a hundred dollars. Said what's up? 85. Let's talk about today. Roy. Huh? Unc. That's Roy. The Cowboys? Yeah. That's Roy. Okay, Roy, what's up? What, what, what, What, what his, what his comment said, He said, what's up Ocho? Let's talk about them Langston days. What's up? Hey, See, I, I told you I went, I went to school. I went to school at Langton. Well, Roy Ro Roy Roy's sister. And was it, Hey Roy, was it Tamika? Tamika Freeman. Tonya. Tanya. I think it might have been Tanya. I remember her first and last name.


Goddamn. Goddamn. Tonya Freeman boy. Got him some, some good days. I wonder all them folks from Chicago at Man Them some good days. Old Lsy University. Carlos Hernandez says, I was just watching a compilation of Dion and Ocho talking smack. Who would really have an advantage in their prime? Well, I got the greatest feet of all time. Dion is the greatest Devi of all time. But in my prime, prime wouldn't have been able to shine because there's nothing you can do with these feet. Bet you better. There's thing about these feet. Huh? Man, you better leave Alone. Hey, prime can, prime, prime can't cover me with 10 toes. He ain't cover me with eight, Man.


Please. That's my dude, man. I love Prime Man. Okay. Face said hi Ocho and Unc, I wanted to ask if we could take a moment and honor Jacoby Jones before he was quit. Number 12. He was our number two at Lane. He was a black joy sonified and a wonderful man. I miss seeing him hop with the cues. Sending love tonight. RIP Jacoby. Yeah. Man, that was sad. I didn't play with him. Yeah, I, I played against Jacob, Man. He was, he was electric, but I was at, I was CBS was covering the Super Bowl that night in New Orleans in which he ran the kickoff back 108 yards.


And he had that touchdown where he caught it. Got up and, you know. Yeah, it is sad to hear. I mean, far too many times, Ocho our players, they die far too young. Man. The man, what was he, 40? Yeah. 42. Yeah. I'm not even sure how, I'm not even sure how old Jacob Kobe was, man. But that's, that's, that's unfortunate. A huge personality. Yes, Huge personality, man. Funny man. The, the, the life of, if he, if he was at a party or if he was at a function, I guarantee you he was the life of the party. Oh yeah, for sure. For sure. Joseph Will, Joseph and Crystal here in Georgia. My wife Crystal birthday is tomorrow and we're huge fans.


Can we get a birthday shout out. Thank you. And can't wait to see you're in Atlanta. Joseph, I really appreciate you and Crystal watching, being, being fans. We can't wait to see you once we come to Atlanta. Crystal happy bir happy early birthday and many more to come. You guys go celebrate, do something special. But hey, August 22nd, OCHO and I gonna turn the lights out. The building. Yes sir. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. Hold on. Happy birthday to you. I ain't even gonna charge you for this happy birthday. They gonna charge you to you Happy birthday.


Okay. Okay. That's enough. That's enough. I just give you a little something, you know, just give you a little something. Let you know I can sing because I was on Amer, you know, I was on Amer American Got Talent. Oh, you were? What's Your talent? Yeah, I, I got, I got, huh? Singing. Oh yeah. Simon, me, you know, sign assignment. I don't, you Should went to the, you know what, you should went to the mass singer. Oh, I should do that. How? Get on there Call. Do I Gotta call? I gotta call Terry Cruz, man. No. Or is it Nick Cannon? He a GT. Nick Cannon is, Amer is the man singer. Okay. I gotta, I gotta holler at Nick. 'cause Nick, I, Nick gonna let me, 'cause me and Nick, you know, we gotta the same amount of kids.


So I know he going, he gonna give your brother a chance. Sheldon Poe, how was the Mile High Salute created? Unc did you ever do the celebration Once you scored can, can you give UNC team USA Mile High Salute? That was the running backs. That was td, td, Derek Vaughn, Hebburn and what's the fullback name? Howard Griffin. That was their thing. They called themselves No Limit Soldiers. And just one day they was at practice and they started, and hey, that was just their little thing. They did bus themselves, but man, they messed around and did it in the game.


Obviously it was td and I think Vaughn might have ran on the field or maybe, maybe Grip was out there and they did it and it took off. Yeah. And now 20, almost 30 years later, everybody's still going mile high salute. But that's how, that's how it started. They would, they called themselves soldiers and they were saluting each other and practicing. Boom. That's true. Ronell Williams said, UNC Ocho What do y'all think about Kamala? She has a chance to win. Of course. I mean, she has, she has a 50% chance of win. They only, well, well she got a 33 and a third. I mean, they got Kennedy, right.


And they got President ex-President Trump, and they got Madame vp Kamala Harris. Yeah. Yeah. She has a chance. She has a chance. I mean, politics is, is very iffy. You know, I'm, I'm not really in into politics. There, there, there are three things I stay away from when it comes to conversion on large platforms like our own, unless I'm well-informed politics, race and religion. Right. Politics, race, and religion. So when it comes to politics, it's, it's, it's confusing in a, in a, in a sense. There's a lot of dirt that goes on in politics. Yeah. Stuff I, I don't really wanna get into right now. It, it's a gri it's a grimy business.


It's a grimy game. A lot of overpromising and under underdelivering by many, you know, and I, I, there there's a saying that the best politicians, they lie. And the ones that lie the best are normally the ones that get chosen. And those lies that they do tell before getting elected, they never follow through. Never follow through. So Miss, miss, she has a good chance to win. Yeah. She has a good chance to win. So I'm excited. I'm, I'm, I'm happy for her and met the made the best person to win. Steven Bate. Steven Bass 3 1 4 said, what's the most memorable fight you ever had, and have you ever lost a fight?


If so, what happened? Much love to your two favorite people on TV to my two favorite people on tv. ocho You ever been in a fight? Yeah, bro. Yeah, bro. I, I used, I used to fight, bro. True. Yeah. Come on now. You know, we all done fought when we were shorties when we was little. Yeah. But you know, you know, fights like that ain't nothing. But, you know, on the street ain't nothing but about 30, 30, 40 seconds. Yeah. Ain't ain't ain't really that long. Yeah. I mean, I got in one fight in college. Dude just tried to punk me, man. You know, he was a, I was, I was a wide receiver. He was a d lineman man. And, and Ocho. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. You told us about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Man, you come in there, you know, you come in there late.


Ocho guys already in the back, we gonna join you. Yeah. That's just the way it was. Everybody knew that you tried to get there first. If you got their last guys were going to join you. True. Hell, you gotta remember I got thrown outta Lsy University Oh. For fighting. I never, I never, I never forget President Doc, Dr. Ernest Holloway. I never forget, you know, dude stole my little, my little, what you call the little money you get Little Pale Brown. Oh, oh yeah. Pale Grant. Yeah. Man, I put it in, I put it in my drawer. I got breakfast, I put it in my drawer. Only one person has access to my room. Like he would, he kept saying, he kept denying it, man. So man and man, Dr.


Ernest Holloway said, we don't, we don't tolerate that here at our, at this school. And. we don't have to. I'm stealing my money either. Oh man. I, I, I enjoyed Is it Steelwater or Coil at Steelwater Coil, Oklahoma. I enjoyed myself my short time there. And yeah, it, it was dope. Kevin. And you know who I went, you know, who went to school with who, who was with me at Langston? Who? Matthew Hatchett. Remember Matthew Hatchett? Yeah. Hatchett Hatch was there. Hatch was on the team. Wow. Yeah. Kevin Brooks says 20 years of military service tomorrow. My wife Nikki, my dad, Larry, my twin girls, Ray Lee, and Ryan all have birthdays this month. Can I get a shout out, Kevin?


Thanks for your service. Continued success. Stay blessed to your wife, your dad, your beautiful twin girls. All happy birthday. Happy belated birthday, bro. Can't thank you enough for your service. Service. Thank you. I appreciate it. To all our military men and women out there, past and present and future that put your lives on the line and provide a service that we are able to do what we freedoms thanks to your bravery. So thanks to all our men and women out there that, that's in the military. Kevin, thank you for your 20 years of service. 34 Virgo said, yo, shout to you for going to Oh, okay.


The EYL fest. Those boys are on point, bro. I just, man, it, it is it for me, Ocho, I just, I I think it's like a huge honor when people want to hear you speak about certain things. Yes, sir. And they think enough of you. 'cause I do understand that I've al and I always start, anytime I go to a a, an event, I always thank them for inviting me because I do realize they have their choice of entertainers, celebrities, and athletes. And, and for them to choose me, I'm humble and I'm honored. And man, it's a, it's a huge honor for people to like, to want to hear what you have to say.


That they think enough of you and your story, your journey, who you are, where you are, where you came from, and maybe a few people in the audience in attendance will be able to take something from that message that you deliver. So it's a huge honor. Thank you guys for having me. I greatly appreciate that. We didn't really talk about a whole lot about the, the men's game, did we? Oh, LeBron James had 21 9 assists, six rebounds. Kevin Durant had 23 points on eight or nine, shooting five of five from the three point line. Two or two from the free throw line. Steph had 11 points. Hol had 15 points.


Devin Booker had 12 and Ant Man had 11. So everybody that played scored, I mean, when you think about the ocho, you had to throw that in there. Everybody that played, they did. The US shot 62% from the floor. 56% from the three, but only 60% from the free throw line. They definitely gotta do better than that. And B was o of three from the free throw line. He normally money, but it didn't come to, to Biden. They out rebounded them out, assisted them had, but they did have 17 turnovers.


They're definitely gonna have to cut down on the turnovers. Definitely gonna have to do that. That's it. Hey guys, we are back tomorrow. But I, myself and Ocho want to thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Onk Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the route runner extraordinaire, the Bengal legend, the Ringer Famer, the Pro Bowler, the all pro Liberty Cities zone. Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please do us a favor, please make sure you hit that like button. Please make sure you sure you hit that subscribe button and tell family, friends, or loved ones to subscribe to Nightcap. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast.


Make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast because every subscriber count, and that's how we get to the top of the charts. Thanks to you. Make sure you take, make sure you check out my Shea by La Portier. We have the best testing, best tasting VSOP on the market, and we're back in start stock. So please make sure you go out and get you a bottle for you or your loved ones. Please make sure you go follow my media company page on all platforms that Shehe Media and my clothing company 84, link to Nightcap Merchants pinned at the top of the chat use code. This discount applies to everything. Everyone received their merch by now. Hopefully And, we know it's some great quality, but we want to thank you guys so much for the support and basically, and under a year the support that you've shown, Ocho and I, the, the, the rate that we've grown.


That's only because of you. That's only because of, you know, you liking us and helping us go viral and telling your family and friends and loved ones about Nightcap, about two guys that played in the NFL that have great conversation that talk about everything. So I want to thank everything you from the bottom of my heart. I'm sure Ocho feels the same way. And that's it for tonight. We'll be back tomorrow. Same time, right? Si same time. 5:00 PM Pacific time, 8:00 PM Eastern Time. Thank you for joining for Nightcap. I'm Shannon Sharpe, your favorite aunt. He's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Your favorite Number 85, The Volume.


Here we go.


Popeye's, here we go. What do we want? Popeye's Jig wings. Why do we want 'em? They're The official wing of watching football. What flavors are we going to get? All of them. Be more specific. Sweet And spicy signature. Hot roasted garlic Parmesan, honey, barbecue, sweet and smoked. Chipotle and honey Lemon pepper. When do we want 'em When We're watching the game. That's right. Gametime Wing time. Woo. Let's go have that chicken from Pops and participating us restaurants.


Can't get enough football. Look no further than the Good Morning Football podcast. Join me, Jamie Erdal, alongside Peter Schrager, Kyle Brandt and Op Akbar Baja Bila for a daily breakdown of the League's biggest stories. Hey, You wanna know the secret ingredient that makes Patrick Mahomes unstoppable? Or maybe which reality show best describes the jet season? Look no further. We've got Recaps, retweets, and reactions to all the wild moments you might have missed both on and off the Field. Make sure to listen to the Good Morning Football Podcast Monday through Friday on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcast


With NFL News happening around the clock. You'll never be left on the outside. Looking in on the Insiders Podcast featuring myself, Tom Ero, along with Ian Rappaport, Mike Carolo, Judy Batista and NFO Network's, team of experts. The insiders has you covered with up to the minute news from around the league, detailed team reports and analysis that only the insiders can deliver. Listen to the Insiders Podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.