
Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project. 2025 Agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you will pay the heavy price. To find out I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I, approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President


Are. you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school life or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video. This Thursday one of the NFL's toughest rivalries is on as the Cincinnati Bengals face. The Baltimore Ravens join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this exciting matchup. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Baltimore. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Bengals in the Ravens at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


What's good Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosion, a lot of energy and attitude with these open ear buds to have good sound on it. To be so light on your ear. Just like a dream. For more check out bs.com. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament in the world is underway and it's bigger, better, and bolder than ever. Next up we got Match day four, which feeds it. Madrid hosting Milan on Tuesday, November 5th and then enter versus Arsenal on Wednesday, November 6th. Stream every match. Live on Paramount plus the home of the UEFA Champions League. You can try it free today@paramountplus.com slash live sports The Volume


TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports book an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. we want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player to score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Now y'all see why we keep the chat off 'cause y'all be keep putting bull job in there. Thank you guys for walk. Join us for another episode of Nightcap, the South Carolina gamecock take down. They ran rough shot over the number 10 Texas a and m Agate OCHO 44 to 20. They have two guys rush for over a hundred yards. The running back Sanders 24, buck 44. Lenore Sanders, the quarterback 15 four Bucko 6 43 carries 286 yards. Sellers also threw the ball for 244 yards. Over 500 yards of total offense against the number 10 team in the country. The South Carolina Gamecocks could easily have taken down Alabama and LSU.


They lost on the last play of the game. I thank you. If I'm not mistaken, OCHO in both of those games. Yeah. Again, let me welcome you guys. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon. Sharpe. He is your favorite. The guy with the sunglasses on he back in the house temporarily. That is Liberty City's old Bing. A ring of Fame artery, the Pro bowler, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him ocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber counts. And we thank you for mattering because without you, there are no us.


And so thank you so very, very much. Make sure you check out Shay by LA we have it in stock and if we're not low currently in a city or a state near you, you can order it online and make sure you get it by the holidays. You know you got Thanksgiving, you got Christmas and you got New Year's. So three of the biggest holidays and and it's basically in the span of a month. And Shea by La Portier got you covered. Again, thank you for your support. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release dropped last week and what dropped was I was hell when I was, well I'll lie for you before I lie to you.


T-shirts, we had the black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand stay with me now is also back in a hoodie. And of course our bestsellers, which is the UNC and OCHO tees, we got a lot of requests for the UNC and OCHO ts to come in black and we listened. So this morning we dropped them in the store. Quantities are limited so please make sure you go grab yours while supplies. Last ocho, South Carolina, we talked about a little bit at the top drug, the number 10. Number 10, Texas a and m Aggies 44 to 20 Carolina and all black. My brother, obviously my brother went to the University of South Carolina, went to a lot of games and the night games, they get real rockers.


They come out in all black. Now I don't know if they still play they, but they used to play 2001 space artist. Yeah, Yeah. 2000 the year we made contact. So the crowd would, oh man, the crowd would really get into a frenzy. Right. And so it was a great atmosphere I'm sure. I mean just watching it on television, having been there a lot of times. Obviously I was there when they played the University of Clemson and, and played some other big games. But man Ocho, when I look at these teams, Ocho I ain't really impressed.


I mean Georgia, you know Georgia went to Alabama and got beat. Yeah, they could have easily lost to maybe Kentucky. Yeah, they played down for three and a half quarters to Florida. I I mean I look at Indiana Indiana's nine in Hadn Trail. Well they trailed today for the first time. Yeah. But then scored 47 unanswered points to blow out Michigan State. Are you overly impressed with anybody? I ain't overly impressed with none of 'em, honestly. You know what this tells me? Basically that the n the NIL deals has basically even the playing field for everybody. Goddamn damn team. If you look at, you look at South Carolina, right? They lost the Alabama Yes. Last play. They lost The LSU towards the game.


So you look at playing against Texas a and m, the game today, them getting blown out by 24. It doesn't surprise me because some of the games you losing is damn near at the end of the game. Well, one or two or three plays would've made the difference. Well you probably could have won in your record wouldn't reflect basically what it is now. So beating the number 10 team, to me it really doesn't mean much. 'cause I think the playing field has, even across the board outside of maybe Oregon who was damn there, somewhat, somewhat dominated a little bit outside of that. Nobody, it ain't no, Alabama just dominated the entirety of the season. Georgia, like the Georgia of last year or the year before where they do, They quarterback the season that quarterback Ocho, you don't like that.


This is back to back games. He's thrown three picks and they still won. So it shows you the level of talent that they actually have on that team because they can overcome all that, that they can overcome those types of mistakes. And I, I think the quarterback play on, on some of the teams that we're used to seeing that are really good. The quarterback play isn't good, huh? Quarterback play is not good outside of Shado Sanders, cam Ward and maybe two other two others. Right. I'm talking about, I think they like that guy. A lot of people like the kid at Ole Ms. Jackson Dark. Hey. Oh yeah, he nice boy you, He threw for five 15 and six touchdowns today. Yeah. Yeah. What what's the receiver name? Had eight eight for two 50 Watkins. He is ready. He's rated real high too though. Old Joe. He's rated he might be the number one or number two receiver on people's, on people's board.


So That's nice. A for 2 84, that's video game numbers now It's and five tds. I mean the most I've had in the game is I had four tds one time in college, but I ain't never had five. But that's a lot. Boy, That that's a, that's a lot. Excuse me. And averaging what, 30 yards? A he's averaging damn near what, 30 yards a catch Ocho Basically them, he was out there playing 7 0 7. You right. That's 7 0 7 numbers. Yeah. But when you look at the quarterbacks that they, I I think, but they had rated fairly high, right? You had Beck and you had some of these other guys and when you look at it now, you hear them talking more about Ur Cam war.


Excuse me, Keran S Ris was another guy that they had rated very high O Joe. But now you hear it's ur, now you hear a Cam Ward. Yep. Now Yeah. And some, and, and it's, it's guys like that and Jackson Dart, I think he was, he was up there, but he's getting played now. I think you look at his odds going into that game for the Heisman, and then you look at what they are coming out of that game. So clearly he moved the needle with that performance that he had today. Right. Right. Now I still think Travis Hunter is the favorite for the simple fact Boise State Gent. I was Just gonna say he's, look, you Don't like Gent. He's going, he, he's going Ocho he's got yards. He's, he's getting, you know, 31 carries, I think he had a buck 47.


Right? I think he had like 30 carries last year, like a last year, last week I think he had like one 50 something, but he's not doing that two 50, the 2 0 8 Right. You know, the things like that. Right. And so I, I felt that in order for him to win the Heisman right, he was probably gonna have to go for like somewhere between 23 and 2,500 yards. Okay. Okay. Okay. Because we seen guys get 2000 yards. That's, that's whole hum. Right? And, and, and he's got the quarterbacks and the quarterbacks with, I mean, man, cam Ward has what, 29 touchdowns. But what Trav is doing and the level in which he's executing ocho, he could be a guy that ends up having over a thousand yards. I don't know how many catches he have.


Ash, can you look that up and say how many catches he has, but he's gonna go over a thousand yards. Here's a guy that might have three, four touchdowns. Right. You know, seven, eight pass breakups, Couple interceptions. It's gonna Be Yeah. Yeah. I say, yeah, and it's gonna be hard. It's gonna be hard to overlook that Ocho it's just so hard because he's playing both at an extremely high level. And so when we look at it, Woody was, Charles Wilson did it, champ did it Miles, miles, Jack did it. But we thought of those guys as more offensive. I mean, the defensive player. Right. I'm not so sure that people don't think that that tram is more of an offensive player, you know, because he's so, I mean he's so dynamic.


Yeah. And those guys, Ocho they played, they had packages. Yeah. They didn't play every snap. He's playing every damn snap. Yeah. You know, you know what scares me a little bit, you know, when it comes to Travis Hunter or even Shado being mentioned and taken seriously about being able to win the Heisman, it's about all the people that aren't fond of Dion. All the people that aren't fond of Prime and, and, and, and, and the success that he's having. I hope it doesn't affect those that are doing the voting when it comes to the Heisman race. I just, it just, something doesn't sit right with me. Shado hasn't been in the talks about the Heisman race for what, to me, for what it seemed like for a very long time. Right. Playing fair. I agree.


I don't hear his name come up anymore. They talk about everybody else outside of Shado obviously, obviously Travis Hunter is doing what he's doing and that, that's, that's a a God no brainer. Just the fact that, you know, SHA Door's name isn't being brought up in talks and is, it is not on charge, it's not on graphs. It's, it, it's, it's weird to me. And I just hope that people's personal issue with Prime and the Colorado Buffaloes doesn't affect the players that are playing Well. Yeah, I, I agree. But I think Shado is having an unbelievable season. I mean, what is he, I think he has 21 touchdowns. Six interceptions. Yeah. He's still completing what, 70, you know, 70 plus percent of his passes, which is really, really good.


He just so happens to be playing on a, on a team with a guy that's playing both sides of the football. He's playing both of those at extremely high level. You know, it, it happens, it's kinda like a, you know, you have two basketball players and they're both really good, but one is just having a, a crazy, crazy season. Right. I mean, you know, so we, we've seen that happen before. But the University of South Carolina take down the number 10 Texas a and m AGAs by the score of 44 to 20. And the game, I mean, look, Carolina opened up 14 with a 14 old lead. Yeah. Texas a and m scratch, you get their way back in. They ended up taking a lead like 20 to 17. Mid Carolina kicks a long field goal at the half go in 20 nothing.


And then from that point on, I mean, go in tie score 2020 and from that moment on South Carolina took off and didn't look back. Yeah. It was a good game. I, I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it. Very good. I I enjoyed it outside of my, until, until South Carolina ran away with the goddamn game, it was good. But number four, Ohio State Buckeyes take, go in to Happy Valley. Take down to number three, Penn State Nitin lines by the score of 20 to 13, the nit the lines have come up short against the Buckeyes for the eighth consecutive time. Ocho after failing to score on four plays, right on the goal line with roughly five minutes to go.


Yeah. James Franklin is now one in 10 against Ohio State. He's also one in 14 against top five opponents. He's three and 18 against top 10 opponents. He's three, he's 13 and 27 against top 25 opponents since taking over in the Happy Valley in 2014, following the loss, the ni Aney Lion, a nit Lion fan had some words for Franklin as he walked off the field. Oh. Franklin stirred the fan who continued to heckle him and ask, what's your name? If you're gonna be man enough to talk, what's your name? The fan then just walked away. Oh, come on. You have to understand, coach Franklin, you, you do this every year, right?


You get the people in Happy Valley, you get the alum, you get them so excited, right. Because you start out undefeated, you start doing, I mean, beating people down, right? And then every time you face Ohio State, this is what happens. Yeah. So you could understand the frustration that the alumni and the student body and the people in that area, they're frustrated, they're upset. I mean, but they, they also have to understand they also playing against Ohio State. You haven't beat Ohio State in a very long time. That's the problem. Yeah. I mean that, that is the problem. Listen, again, if Ohio State to me, punk, when I look at what they have offensively, the receivers, Jeremiah Smith and those young bulls they got, if the quarterback play was better, this game shouldn't have been 20 to 13.


There's no way in hell this game should have been 20 to 13. The the quarterback play in collegiate football right now is abysmal outside of maybe three players. Yeah. Outside of three players, you put any, you put Cam Ward in that O Ohio State offense, what you think it look like. You put god damn Shado Sanders in that Ohio State offense. What the hell you think it look like? No, you don't wanna put him in the offense. You just need Shaul to have that offensive line if Ohio State. Oh, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Because he got skilled players. Oh yeah. He got out that they got some skill players O Joe. Yeah. Now, I dunno about the tight end, but they got some receivers. Right.


But it just, man, it wasn't, But see, Ohio State wasn't, but it wasn wasn't impressive Unc No, it wasn't impressive. They're number. But see, I think the thing is Ocho, what people are frustrated by is that we see this every year from Penn State. Yeah. And it's like, well bro, can you, can you win one game that you're not? Because what's happening meaningful game is that yet they wanted to win one game that he's not supposed to win. Right. Win. And he keep losing games where he's favored to win. It doesn't matter if it's in Ohio State. Right. It doesn't matter if it's at Penn State, you keep losing to the same team. Why, what is, what is it about that, what is it about that team that's so hard for you to overcome?


Right. Because there have been ta look, I don't know if he's ever had the most talent, because it's hard for me to see a scenario where Penn State has more overall talent than offense, defense special teams than Penn. Than, than than Penn. State. No. Ohio State's loaded every year they go because they got a $20 million NIL budget. Right. So they're gonna be able to get, for the most part now, you know, there's some, some teams, you know, Georgia or Alabama or some teams that can match and offer say six, seven, $800,000 ocho certain teams can match that. Okay. You lose out of that player, but they're not a whole lot of teams outside of a Right.


Alabama, outside of a Georgia, outside of a handful of of teams that have that kind of NIL budget that you're gonna lose a four or five star or a transfer that you really want, you gonna get, you gonna normally get that guy. Yeah. But, and, and I, I, I think, and James Franklin said, Hey, he knows expectations comes along with this job. Yeah. You, you, you gotta have it. Because for the last Ohio State and Michigan has been running away with the Big 10, well, over the last what? Because Michigan won it back to back. And then Ohio State had run it for like five, four or five years in a row.


So Penn, State, hey, they gotta do, they gotta do a better, he's gotta find a way because at some point in time they gonna be like, bro, what, what, what we, what we paying you the big bucks for? You gotta win that game. You, you, you paying in the big bucks, but you only do so much. It's all based on the personnel you have on the field. If other team has better personnel than you, there's really nothing you can do. There's only so much coaching you could do as a head coach. There's only so much when the players on the opposing side of the team are a tad bit better. They ain't that much goddamn better. Just a Little bit. But that's, that's, that's where coaching come in. Think about how many times Georgia had more talent and Knix Saban beat, beat Georgia in the SEC championship in the national championship.


You see how what coach the big difference that coach would make. Hey, I have a question, huh? Yes. At what point was Georgia talent better than Alabama? If not, if not equal, if if, oh, Georgia Not Oh, oh, that year. Did Alabama beat them in the national championship game? You don't think they were equal across the champ? I did not national both sides of the ball game. No, no, no, no. In the SEC championship game. And then Alabama came back and beat them in the national championship game. Right. Because remember met got hurt in the SEC championship game, and then Jameson Williams went down in, in, in the national championship game. And so they were basically down to their fourth, third, fourth and fifth receiver as opposed to their first two receivers.


Right. Did you remember that defense that they had all them, number one, the, the top draft picks that they had? Oh yeah. They had five guys go in the, I think four or five guys that go in the first round on the defenses outta of football 2D Tackles. Yeah. Yes. And you had Dean, you had cine. Yeah, Cine. I think that's how you C-I-N-E-I don't know if it's cine, but anyway, he went in the first round. So there have been times, I'm not so sure, maybe even the NCC, the national championship game where Tua came off the bench. Right. Remember when Tua came off the bench? Yeah. And he threw that Paul the ball to Devonte Smith and won him sudden death. Right. But he's gonna have to find a way to win this game.


I mean, you, you can't keep going to your chancellor, your president Right. Or whoever, whoever, whatever they call him and like, Hey, we, we we're so close. Yeah. Because that alum, that alumni and those boosters, they gonna get restless o other And listen, if them booster get restless, tell 'em they open up their pocket. But a little, a little bit more. You open up, you open up that NIL fund a little bit more. Then you get some of those players, you know, maybe they won't go to Georgia, maybe they won't go to Alabama. Maybe they come to Penn State, maybe they come to Happy Valley. You know, it's a difference. You wanna compete, you gotta pay. Lemme tell you what hap what's gonna happen. If they gonna open that wallet a little bit more and get another coach that gonna that wallet. But Listen, getting another coach doesn't fix the issue because it's gonna be the same goddamn result.


It gonna be the same result in order to compete now at the collegiate level, you got to pay, you gotta play the pay A, it's like, it's like, it's like, it's like being in a relationship. Some people like to say, some people like to say it's about love. Nothing. Life is free. Everything is transactional. It has to come at a, everything comes at a cost. If you're trying to win at the college level, you got pay something ain't shit in life. Yeah.


Every American deserves the right to fair housing. and Kamala Harris is working to make that right realized by us all. She learned firsthand how hard it is to work toward the dream of having a home. As California's attorney General Kamala Harris took on the big banks in Wall Street, and now she's looking to give first time home buyers $25,000 for a down payment. This November vote for the leader. looking out for your home. I'm Kamala Harris. candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest Life's comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and con,


the 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Konecky is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning, Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on M-S-N-B-C


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu Plus Live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora, and Instacart. It's like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month. I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel with my travel schedule. I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up, start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spend per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bancorp Bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


I can't say that I disagree with you, ocho. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ocho there was a lot of events happening today. The first one, Joella, BIE has been accused of shoving a reporter in the aftermath of a loss to the Memphis Grizzly. Right, right, right. Philadelphia Inquire reporter Keith Pompe tweeted, oh boy, people will remember the sixth season for all the wrong reasons, right? The team just dropped a one in four and Joel beat, assaulted a reporter in the locker room. Then Shas reported Mbbi got into an altercation with a columnist following tonight's gap in Philadelphia. Mbbi took issue with a recent column that referenced his late brother and son.


And Embi shoved the columnist. No punch was thrown. This is the reporter Marcus Hayes wrote last week. Joel MBI consistently points to the birth of his son Arthur, as a major inflection point in his basketball career. He often says he wants to be a great and leave a legacy for the boy named after his little brother, who tragically dies in an automobile accident when MBI was the first year with the Sixers. Dang. Well, in order to be a great at your job, you first have to show up for work. Mbbi has been a great, at just the opposite. Now, in his 11th season, he has consistently been poor in poor condition. This poor conditioner apparently seems to have been delayed.


His debut this season, Embiid won't play and Wednesdays night opener or the next two games. Oh, so he's upset about what the Col columnist wrote? Yes. Can I ask you a question? He said, I, I think he said, whatever you do, don't keep my dead brother's name and my son's name outta your mind. Right. I i it our, our reporters are communists allowed to talk about family and, and bring up things that have nothing to do with the game of basketball. How about just stick to basketball and stick it and talking about the player itself. Nothing else and nothing else outside of the game of basketball. It should be off limits.


Correct Me if I, he said he, correct me If I'm wrong, Hold on. He said he wanted, hold on. He wants to leave a legacy for the boy. Hold on. All the reporter is trying to provide context. Right. He says he wants to leave a legacy for his son, for his son who he named after his brother. Okay. That's all he saying. Okay. His brother tragically died. Right. Joel and Be's first year in Philly. Right. Am I missing something? Chad? Okay. I I see what you're saying. But is that even necessary Ocho you guys, I I have a question. Is it necessary to provide conflict? Yes. Ocho listen to me. There's a reason why you have reporters because it's about stories.


It's about, that's why you have people that comment on the game. They're not just saying Xs and os. Right. It's a storyline. Right. Sports is about stories. Okay. I understand the story. He didn't say he didn't disparage his brother. He did disparage his son. He said, Joel said, I wanna leave a legacy. Okay? The legacy is what, when people think of Joel and B Right. He named his son after his brother. Right. I Don't, I I kind of see it. I kinda understand it. Depending on the individual, depending on who you are. Listen, you can get your point across without bringing up the legacy part. He, Joel brought it up. Oh, I'm talking about during, during the interview, He, Joelle MB consistently points to the birth of his son Arthur as a major inflection point in his basketball career.


He often says that he wants to to be great to leave a legacy. Oh. For the boy he named after his little brother who tragically died in an automobile accident When? When Embi was in his first year. Okay. You said now what you talk about is what he said past tense in general. There's no need to bring that up based on what's going on in the present about him not playing and not being healthy to play. So what's he supposed to report about? Report About him not being in shape, not being able to play the goddamn the, the first he Game. He said Ocho he, he's saying the man says he wants to leave a legacy. Right. But him not being, being there able to play. Right. He said the reason why he, all he did was provide contact. Right. Okay.


Okay. The reason why Joe, LMB named his son Arthur, he named his son after his little brother tragically died. So he's providing context right. For why Joel said it's so important for him to leave a legacy. Right. And he wants to be remembered by something and while he named and why he named his son right after his brother. Right. I don't think, You don't think that's a little insensitive though, because listen, for you, if it's not insensitive then there would be no reason for Joel to get mad. So obviously got way about it, I took it. Right. I don't take it right as being inces. Okay. Okay. That's Joel. Yes sir. How he took it. Right. But I think the thing is, is that him talking about in order to be great at your job Yes sir.


You first have to show up for work. Right? Right, right. Joel and bead has just been the opposite. Right now it his 11th season, he has consistently been in poor condition. The poor conditioning seems to have delayed his debut this season. Right. And he won't play in Wednesday's opener. So there it lies the crux. Right. Okay. You say you wanna be great at your job, right? But at first you gotta show up for work, which Joel and B has injuries. What he missed his first year. Yeah. He's had back, he's had knee, he's had ankle. Right. He's had problems, he's been had issues. So what he You Yes.


Funny. Huh? So I've just, I just, like I said, I I like him. Right. I can't tell somebody Yes, sir, how they should react Right. In that moment. Right. I, I think the thing is for me being in the media and having a little better understanding Yes sir. On this side. Yes, sir. Because a lot of times Ocho, we say things and we think it's innocent and to us it is, but to the individual. Yeah. But I think it had more, I think it had more to do with the criticism about Joel and be constantly missing games. Right Joel? And be constantly being outta shape.


I think that rubbed Joel and be the wrong way. But He said it can't rub him the wrong way. He's been playing it 11 years and he's missed multiple games throughout his, the tenure of his entire career. Well just think about how many years he would've played if he had to be, if he hadn't have been hurt. Right. But he missing half a season. He's missing entire season though, Joe. Right. But see, see that's the whole point. So it can't be the criticism, That's not the point. No, listen, the point is for you to play. I know. Not for you to miss games. But He, he can't help it. I'm just saying he can't help it. It's a big man Now he's a, that's a big man. You, you said Is he bigger than Shaq? Shaq we were talking about Is he bigger than Shaq? I don't know. No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Not not like that. Not like that. How, how, how how tall is him be? 7 1 7 2.


Yeah, they're about the same height. God damn. What he about th 300. Oh, he ain't no bout man. You see how big he is from, from waist down. So, so he is about 300. Oh, he over 300. See Unc, that's a whole lot of weight. So we talk about injuries and him missing time, but, But no. Why? But, but see you applaud him for eating McDonald's. You applaud, applauded for that. Yes. Oh, my bad. Because Yes, you, because when I said he's getting massages and he's getting work done, getting treatment, eating McDonald's. But see, you don't wanna talk about that. The injuries and all he does is eat McDonald's and he has yet to really play a full season. But you eat McDonald's, keep on, you've done it this far.


So how about this, how about change that diet? Are you think he be change his diet? He won't get hurt no more. No, no, no. I'm asking you, that's your level of expertise. I don't know. That's just, that's just one play. Everybody else is like 99. Oh, Now it's just one. That's not what you said. That's not what you said. When people, when people change their diets and start eating healthy, that's what I'm talking about this. That's not what you think. This Is a different type of individual with a different type of body type. So it, it might not work for They're eat healthy. Hold on, listen to me. Now it might not work with somebody of that size. That is, that is a large human being. You know? I think it's, that's what people six feet. Six feet and under. There's six, three and under Now once you get, what about Derrick Henry? You gotta change the diet. Do you hear about Derrick Henry?


No gluten, no fried food, no dairy, nothing processed. How that working out for him? Mocho for Who? Derrick Henry. King. Henry. I don't know how it's working for him. Its broken. Good, ain't it? I I'm asking you. I it's working. He says he doesn't eat processed food. He doesn't eat fried food. He doesn't eat anything with gluten. He doesn't eat anything with dairy. I'm asking you. I Don't, you know what? I don't believe him. How about that? I don't believe where Dairy Henry from, Derrick, he from from Florida. He from the crib. Yeah, he from Ja like a Jacksonville area. You dead ass. Yeah. Man, that nigga lying man.


I ain't listen, I ain't listening to him, man. Stop lying man. Nah, I mean, I think Cri I mean I think the thing is Ocho, when you take that, think about it. Yeah. Derrick Henry had almost 1400 carries in high school. Yeah, I, yeah. I saw On with another, another 600 in college Right. Top on with another 2000 in the NFL. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. IIII don't OI ain't gonna lie to you. I, I don't, I don't know if he eating fast food. Hey Listen, I know listen, he might not be as fast food, but everything he ran off and might have said for media wise for good context.


But look what I'm eating and which is why I'm playing so well, I ain't believing that shit. I can tell you that. Yeah. I, but I think No, no, no. I, I, I totally can believe it because I was like that during the season. I didn't, I didn't eat anything fast for me. Right, right. I stuck to, to the Tupperware and then I had a situation where maybe it was like for like two weeks, three weeks in the off season, I would eat whatever I want. Not every single day. Right? Right. But if there was a couple of days I wanted to go to, to Houston, which was one of my, which is my, one of my favorite restaurants, right. I would go there and get the chicken back then they used to have chicken tender. They don't have 'em anymore. Or I get to burger. I still my staple now. Right. But for the most part, for me, it was in my mind because I felt once I, once I changed, altered my diet, I felt I played better.


Right. And so now I'm, I, my brain has convinced me see that I played better on this. You Know what that's called? That's called mindfuck yourself. You mind yourself and feeling like what you're consuming is improving your plate when that really had nothing The same way your mind, you mindfuck yourself and say, McDonald's don't mess up your plate. No, no, no, no. You see how you mind fuck yourself. No, no, no. Listen, listen, listen. Stay with me. Now there's a certain skillset that you've honed and perfected when you started at Savannah State until you got to the NFL when you was with Denver, you worked on that craft and you perfected it to a point where you became Hall of Famer. What you, your body ain't changing none of that. Yes it will. No it Won't.


Yes. It'll, I god damnit it won't promise you. You So you, you didn't improve, you didn't do anything different. You ran the same, you did the same drills in high school and college that you ran, that you got to the NFL. You changed absolutely nothing. No, but you have to understand it's No, no, no. Hold on. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. So from high school, you changed absolutely nothing. You did the exact same thing in high school, college and the NFL As far as, as far as routine when it comes to training. Did you change anything from high school, college to the NFL? Yes. Why? Because you had already, you honed your craft over years and years and years.


I'm talking about. So why would you Change? Hold on, stay with me now I'm talking about my training regimen. I'm not talking about what I consume. Eat. I'm So why would you change anything? That's my point. Oh, because it worked for me. I see what you're saying. Okay. I'm, I'm with you a little bit. I'm with you a little bit. I'm with you. Talk to me now. Come on. So, but what I'm, what I'm saying to ojo Yes sir. Is that if you know better, you do better. Right. And I'm not, because a lot of times, a lot of people you are Right. People get like, okay, try, I'll do this. I've been doing this. Right. And when they try something else, look at Michael Jordan. Yeah. When he, he, he changed when he got with Tim Grover, Kobe.


That's why guys went to that weight. And so now you see a lot of guys, they have their physio, what they didn't have in college. Right. What they didn't have as high school players because they say, you know what, I need to be better so I know better I can do better. Mm. The way guys eat, I mean some guys they look, I'm not saying you have to be as, as strict as LeBron or somebody like that or Tom Brady. Tom Tom is at is way over here. Yeah. He at the top and there's, there you are way over there. Yeah. And there's some people that's kind of like in the middle, right. And some people that lean a little bit more towards Tom. There's some people that lean a little bit more to you. But my thing is Ocho is that I was willing to try.


Right. And to see, like you said, your mind, you convinced yourself that McDonald's had no negative benefit. Right. I had convinced myself that eating correctly in a healthy lifestyle gave me great benefit. It's still the mind that I've convinced myself, convinced this body that my play would be improved if I ate a certain way. Right. You convinced your plate would not be changed if you ate this. Yeah. You see, like you said, but it's the mind. Right. I, this, this is what I don't like. No. Most of the time when you put out these, these for context purposes, I'm playing, I good as I am based on what I consume and eat. Then it had believing that, well if I eat this way then I'm going to be great as well.


When it has nothing to do with you put in your body, it's all about skill. No, no. You still gotta work. Yeah, you gotta work. You still gotta work. But then you gotta know what you're working on. You can't just be out there just doing shit just to do it and thinking all of a sudden, well I'm gonna look like goddamn Derrick Henry because this is what he eats and this is what he does. That's not the way it works. No. No, because you're not gonna be, you're not, first of all, you're not gonna be able to work like that. You gotta fact, you gotta factor that in. You're not gonna be able to work like that. And plus your body type. Right. See, Joel and B can't eat fast food. He's already 300. You think he eat it for real though. Oh Joe, he's on the table. Yes. That's what he eat. I know You have to understand after the game, you might have saw it One time, but does he really do it like all the time? I think maybe he's One time.


Oh Joe, there's a re everybody's, everybody has said this, right? If Joel and B took his nutrition serious. Yes sir. The same thing. What did they say about Zion? He needs to take his nutrition serious. Right. Because like you said, nightly basis up and down that court. Yeah. A man 300 plus pounds that's heavy. Up, down, up, down, up, down. That's heavy. 82 nights. 82 games a year. And sometimes those games are back to back. You play on a Tuesday, you play on a Wednesday. Right. That's a lot of pounding. So, and you know when you was there after the game on the road ain't nothing in them. Boxing, nutritious. It's sandwiches, it's fried chicken, it's honey buns, it's potato chips.


Customers. Yeah. You look, you and I been in locker rooms in NFL locker room for over a decade. Both of us. Yeah. We know what's on the training table. So now think about a basketball player. They get, they pick up after the game, they grab their workout, they pick up that box they own to the next city. ocho. Yeah. At least we going home. You get to the next city. You hungry. What you think? You think they ordering grilled chicken? You think they ordering rice and ve right? Or they getting a pizza? Or they getting wings. Now as you can see, weight start to start to creep up. Right. Because you gotta remember Ocho in the off season, that's when you work your hardest.


Yeah. You putting in the two hours, three hours a day of training. Now what happens if you get nicked and you can't train and you can't play? What happens then? Ocho? Yeah. If you eating, if you eating not sustainable. Not a healthy lifestyle the way it does because you know it's gonna get cold in most places. Cincinnati, it got cold. Yeah. Denver, Baltimore, it got cold. So you don't sweat as much. You don't sweat as much and you still eat the same. What happened? Don't your, you big. So I got, Hey listen Marvin Lewis find me. But I I, Hey, I got the damn near 2 35 when it got cold.


I got five a lot.


Picture what it would be like if Trump wins and implements his project. 2025 agenda for your auntie, mother or daughter to lose the right to make tough healthcare decisions to save her life for the overtime pay. So many depend on to vanish for police to be shielded from accountability for racial profiling. If Trump's project 2025 agenda goes into play, you will pay the heavy price. To find out. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. for President


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life@chumbacasino.com. Vtw group. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus chumba.


The 2024 presidential election is here. M-S-N-B-C has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. All reporters are on the ground. Steve Konecky is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our Decision 2024 team will provide insight as results come in. And the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday, beginning at 6:00 PM Eastern on SNBC


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ES ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59.99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu Plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 99 per month for three months. Then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


This podcast is sponsored by PayPal. Did you know the PayPal debit card now earns you 5% cash back in the monthly category of your choosing groceries, health, restaurants, beauty, gas, and apparel in up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. On top of that, you can get cash back offers within the app from brands like DoorDash, Sephora. And it's like having a little extra in your pocket. Every month. I'm using PayPal debit card to earn 5% cash back on apparel with my travel schedule. I'm on the go. Sometimes I have to buy clothes online. It's the new normal. Just sign up for the PayPal debit card through the new app and you're ready to go. Download the new PayPal app. Sign up, start earning 5% cash back today. Don't just pay PayPal Terms and limits apply. See paypal.com/rewards pal cashback earned as points redeemable for cash and other options on up to $1,000 spent per month. The PayPal debit MasterCard is issued by the Bankcorp bank. NA pursuant to license by MasterCard International Incorporated and may be used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


So for me, I mean my weight, I was the same. I waited, you know, for the most part of my career I was somewhere between 25 and 28. Oh, we about, oh, we About the same. Okay. Okay. And then, you know, coming into the season, I, I always had to wait. My report weight was 2 32. My first weigh in was 2 28. I know that fell. I maintained 20 fell at the 2 25 the whole year. I Know it fell off during training camp. All that, running them two Eight. I would, yeah. But see the thing was I would lose, I would weigh in. I would weigh in at 32. Weigh out of practices like 25. I've lost, I lose an average of seven pounds of practice. I knew it. Yep. Now the one practice I lost like 12 pounds and then I had to get five bags of IV fluid iv Yeah.


To, to re to to replenishment because, and that's, and that was the thing. 'cause you know, a we ran, yeah. It wasn't, no, you catch a pass and you finish five yards. Gotta go. You catch a pass in the west coast, you go in 40, gotta go everything. I don't care if you catch a shallow cross. I don't care if you catch a stick route. I don't care if you catch a slant because Mike was way down there. You gotta make, and you had to run past Mike. Make it a habit. Make it a habit. Yeah. Man. Hey, Jerry started that bull jive. Well, it wasn't bull jive, but Jerry was the one that started what they called finishes. And so now that was the expectation of anybody in that west coast. Now I, I think some, some teams have kind of like backed off that a little bit. But Mike Shanahan damn sure didn't back off that because he had three years with Jerry.


Right. And when he came back, he brought that with us. And so that was a, that was, that's the, that was the biggest thing, Ocho because I knew it was gonna get cold. And so my, my, my, my, my training, my eating had to be up to par because the last thing I wanted to do is to get Knix and not be able to trade. But I hope, look, I think it's frustrating Ocho because look, nobody likes being talked about. Yeah. Unless it's good. And right now, Joel, look, 'cause think about it, Ocho he was hurt into the playoffs. Remember he played, he played in Paris and now they're like, hold on. You was healthy enough to play in Paris.


He didn't, he didn't play as many minutes now. And he played, He played, how many minutes have he played for the Sixers? None Yet. Now which one Paired? Which one Paired. And he just signed an extension. Right? Three years, a hundred million. Right On top of the the, so he's about to make 210, about 250 million. Yeah. Over the next five years. And the fans like, hold on bro. Yeah. What's, what's really good, you Know, what else's gonna be frustrating is the fact that what he's getting hurt and I'm sure he wants to play. So he's frustrated with that. And then having to hear from the media in the, in the, in the pundits about him not being able to play well. Hell, you think I wanna be god damn hurt?


You think I want all these issues that I've had with my body failing me? Absolutely. Well, how about this here, there's a simple, there's a simple saying. Do what you always done. You get what you always got. Mm. So what is he doing that continues to get him what he's always gotten ocho And you know, when I think of NBA players, I think of them having all the resources because they have the money to do so and doing yes. Doing everything they can to prepare themselves to play, get into shape. Whether it's stretching, they have the, they have the best of everything. So I'm sure Embi takes those necessary steps to be able to be able to be ready to play, you know, preparing for training camp and whatnot. And he just hasn't been able to, to work for him, which is why he's missing the first game and probably the next two games after that.


But, Oh no, he done miss more than the first game. The first, the start of the season was way, way back. Oh my bad. I, I went, I went, me and my daughter went to the start of the season game. That was like a what, two weeks ago? The NBA season is two weeks old now, isn't it? Yo, it's two weeks old. But I think That's O Yeah. If you, I can't fault you oj Right. If you don't know better and you don't do better Mm. It's when you know better and choose not to do better. Right. He knows, like you said, he has the resources. I just, and I, I look it's frustrating. Look, you've never been injured.


I've been injured, I've had injuries to my ankle and I thought, but the ankle was gonna force me into ear early retirement. Right. Because I, you know, at some point in time the doctor say, well, well Shannon, we, we just can't keep shooting your ankles up so you can play Ouch. You gonna have to, at some point in time, you gonna have to get this ankle healthy or you, you know, you gonna pro. Yeah. Because they're gonna be there. Long term effect, man, I ain't got what man, what I tell you what the long term effect is. My grandmother been poor and going to the outhouse and going out into the woods. It is for 40, 50 years. It is, that's the long term effect. Right. And to have my family living like they live, that's the long term.


That's the trauma that I grew up with. Right. So I, I worry about the amputation at a later date in time. In the meantime, will you stop talking to me today? Shoot my ankle ankle up so I can, so I could go out there and drop the bombs on the charges. The chief, the Raiders, or whoever the else we damn played. Man, I ain't trying to hear all that. I ain't lied though, Joe. But look, I, I, look, I enjoy what I get it, bro. I, I get it that you're frustrated because there's no question on Joe when he's at his best. Oh yeah. You're not finding two, three players better than Joel and B. Right. Because he can give you 50 and give you 20 rebounds and block your five shots and have you three stills on the other end.


He plays both ends of the court. Yeah, I get that. And it's frustrating because for the most part, he's never had an entire season where he's been like, I'm healthy. Yeah. I'm healthy. He hasn't had that. Well, I Got a question. Yes. How has Yoic been able to do it? Oh, he has a totally different body. He's not as tall. Huh? He's not as tall, but he is not as heavy. Hey, he look, he look like lethargic and he just look like He does. He just, he just Look like he just, there. He, he doesn't, if you look at the type of game that he plays, he doesn't play an explosive game.


Joe B got quick twitch. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He has quick twitch pirates, definitely for a man that size. Yeah. Same thing with Zion. Zion has a quick twitch. Yeah. That's why he could leave the floor so quick. But that's also just imagine you taking a 18 wheeler, getting it up to 50 miles an hour and just on the brakes. Mm. And to get it up to 50 miles an hour and slam it on the brakes. Right. Now you take that with a sedan or an SUV. Right. You see the difference. That's the difference between Joel and B Zion, Williamson's body and some of these other guys. That's why Kareem was able to play so long. You see the way Kareem built. Yeah. Kareem's seven two. But look at Kareem is that he probably only like 20, maybe 10 pounds heavier than what he was when he played.


Right. But Kareem was yoga. He watched what he ate. But I just think that that's the thing. That's what you have to do. Right. Especially if you one of those ginormous, seven foot, 300 plus ocho. If you seven foot 300 pounds at 2021, what you think you gonna be at 30? Yeah. What you think you gonna be at 40 if you don't watch your, you don't watch your eating Because You definitely can't eat the same if you're not doing the same activities. That's why we see so Mme, man, I see some dbs. I'm like, bro, well you a dli, old lineman, ain't no way you play db looking like this. You see a Mocho boy got big, you see some of them guys that weigh 180 1 90.


Right. And not at 2 45, 2 60. Dang. Because you kept the same eating habits with not the same training schedule. Right. When you leave the game, you either gotta work out harder or eat less or both. Those are your only options. Right. But I hope, hopefully, I mean, because earlier it was reported that he punched a, a reporter. Either way he, there's probably gonna be some disciplinary actions. Right. Adam Silver's probably gonna come down because he doesn't want this. Because that's what punishment is about. O okay. Right. Punishment is not only for the the offender. Right. It's also to deter others from doing such such acts.


I have a question though. Yes. Is there any type of discipline for the reporter based on what he, what he wrote or you, are you sticking with no understanding on what he, what he said for con witnesses? No. No. I, I, there's, I don't, I don't believe that there's gonna be any, any, like I said, how he handled it. Right. I probably wouldn't have handled it like that. Right. But I'm not in that situation. Right, exactly. Do I believe, do I believe there will be discipline for the reporter? I do not. Right. Okay. I do not. Okay. Also, we had another incident though. Joe Video has emerged this morning showing Jason Kelsey walking near Penn State Beaver Stadium and getting approached by a college student shouting his name and asking for a fist bump.


Excuse me. One person can't be heard heckling Kelsey using the derogatory language about his brother Travis and girlfriend Taylor Swift. Hey Kelsey, how does it feel that your brother is a, you know, the gay slur for dating Taylor Swift? The person yell. Jason was not having any of it as he turned stop turned around, grabbed the person's phone and slammed it to the ground. As Jason goes to pick the phone up, the guy shoves him. So he and Jason has the phone back to and says, who's the F now? Yeah. We tied to the person Fight back. Jason, don't do that. Don't put your phone in people's faces.


Give people space. Show respect. It's okay if the guy don't wanna fist bump you guys, it's okay. It's not the end of the world. I Saw the video. He all, he had, he got the phone all out, all in the, all in the man space. Man, y'all need y'all. Come on, come on. See, I used to think, say we're better than this, but we're not. No, no. Because a a, after a certain point in time, Ocho, this is who we are. Right. Right. This is who, this is what we've become as a society. Yeah. Because, because what the internet has done, the internet has done, it's made so many people famous. And so many people want their 10, 15 minutes of Fame. Yeah. That they're willing to cross lines in order to achieve.


But sometimes you can make the wrong play on the wrong day. Yeah. Depending on who it Leave people alone. I look, I just, what I get it. Ocho sometimes we, when we do our jobs, we have to talk about people. Right. And we have to talk about the football and like we, we talk about the Tom Brady situation and his, his wife. They're moved on, they're gone their separate ways and X, Y, and Z. But I'm just trying to figure out Travis Kelsey dating Taylor Swift that impacts this gentleman's life. And why would you say, why would you call that man out of his, say his brother out of his name? So how do you think the man was gonna respond? Why? Hmm. I mean, why would you do that? You with them, with the person to try to get a reaction Outta Kelsey.


Yeah. Outta Jason. Why though? Why, why? I mean, you gotta think these, these are college kids though, so you already know how they are. They not thinking straight. They're not thinking. They saying the first thing come to mind, you know, college. So the college kids, are they gonna be adults at some point in time? Yeah. But Come on, think about what you did in college. Now, you know, you was wild. Now, you Know. Yeah. But I ain't called nobody that but Ocho because like I said, I, I'm, I'm, look, I'm big on respect. Yeah. I, I I ain't going in nobody face being disrespectful. And if I don't like somebody, I'm not talking to them. That's you. You have to understand the, the world we're in today, you have to understand these kids in the era and you just said it yourself. Yeah. Tension, media going viral, internet.


How can I make a name for myself? I mean, just, just all that stuff tied in today and you know, kids don't know how to act and you know, this, this the era of cell phones and recording every goddamn, They do everything. Yeah. It is. We've gotten to the point. Everything, we put everything on the internet. We put what we're eating, what we're wearing, and X, Y, and Z. It's just, it got to the point, man. It's just, Hey, gotta tweet everything. You know? I just, I, I, I just don't, I just don't know. I just wish Jason wouldn't have had yelled those words back to him. Just, just kept it moving. Right. Just grabbed him. He did what he did. But just keep it moving. Don't, don't, don't lower yourself to the, To the level To, yeah.


Yeah. I just, I, I just, I just hated that some people go out, go out of their way trying to get a celebrity or an entertainer or somebody famous to get a reaction out of them. I, I hate that. That's where we are right now. Oh. If it's somebody that I don't like, I don't follow them. Yeah. If they something come up on my feed, I scroll right past it. Right. I don't listen to their music. I don't watch their films. Okay. That I don't, we don't jive. We don't get along. I don't kind of like what you stand for. Right. Okay. Ain't no harm no foul. And I'm definitely not gonna seek that person out to try to start a confrontation or try to get out there somehow. I, I just, you know, you just avoid the situation.


But I just don't man people now, damn it. I, and I could, what I said before we started, this is who we are now. Yeah. Because, you know, old show you remember say, are are, are we really that bad? Are we really like this? Yeah. At some point in time you gotta come to conclusion. This is who we are. Yeah. Most def this is, this is what we become as a society. Hey, I remember you. Hey, remember you got mad with dude in the airport when you had bear Yeah. With the dog? Yes. Yes. He wanted his, because I, I still don't know how, you know, like I said, oh, funny. He must, he must have been expecting somebody else was there. Right. Because nobody knew I was there that day because normally I get a service to take me. I drove myself. Right.


So nobody kept up. Sometimes they'll, hey, I pick it up. Shannon, Sharpe or somebody or a restaurant say, oh, reservation Shannon, Sharpe, Ochocinco made reservations. Right. And the paparazzi will show up. Sometimes they have, you know, assistance or that'll alert the paparazzi so they can get pictures. Oh. So I was very cautious that day. Right. To make sure that I drove myself. And normally when I go to the airport or even anything, and that I have, I have someone, I have someone to, to drive for me. But I was cautious that day and I noticed him earlier. Ocho. Right. But I, I said, well, you know what? Nah, nah, nah. And the thing was, is that, like I said, the lady had come, 'cause she had to pick the dog up right from one country.


She had to fly from one country. Yeah, that's right. Go to another country to get the dog Right. Bring the guy the dog back to me. She was only gonna be in the airport for like 10 hours because the next flight was gonna leave. So, so my thing is, I'm giving this lady a lot of money. I need to make sure she gets back through security. Right. So I was like, ma'am, do you mind if we do the transaction over there? And she's like, sure, no problem. Because at first I didn't see her because she had, she had Teddy in a, in a, in a, in a carrier. Right. So I didn't, I'm looking, I'm like, and I called Shelly. I was like, Shelly, I don't see this lady, Shelly, get on the phone, call the lady. She said, well, she's standing ex-wife, so forth song. She got on this, she got on this.


I turned around, I said, I see her, I got it right. And I'm like, but he, look, he wanted reaction. I mean, I gave him, I mean, I guess he wanted me to shove him or something. I gave him what he looked for. He got his little, you know, he got his moment of Fame. But I mean, to call somebody brother a name derogatory. What, what, what did come on, bro. Come on, you in college, Man. You gotta start legs dropping these fools, man. Well, that's what happened. I mean, people, people get really disrespectful because they ain't never been slapped before. So, you know, You gotta make an example. Yeah. Man, I just that, that's why you think I stay in the house ocho people like me? No, because I just, I just because I, I just wanna be left.


Hey, you, hey. You know, hey, I get from point A to point B. Right? I'm Walking. That's it. Oh yeah, because Jordan, you know Jordan, he worked for the ever whatever airline we, we we flying on because he gotta get everybody they back. Me and Ash got off the, I was like, Hey, what the F is Jordan? I said, don't worry about it, you can wait. I'm gone. You outta there. He getting everybody bag. You need your bag, ma'am. Here you go. Sir, you need your bag. Which one is yours? Jordan. BA. You do not work for this airline Being a good Samaritan. Huh? Being a good Samaritan Man. Know this dude here. So now you know me, Jordan, I fly.


Yeah. We get two bowls of transportation. Oh, so you leaving? He can stay there and do all that. I I'm, no, yeah, he do all that. He gone, I'm gone. Right. That's, I'm gone. That's funny. He you nothing there me out here taking 700 pictures of 15 autographs because while you passing out baggage, I said, did they at least tip you? Right. You should have some extra money. But I, I, I feel, look, Carol, I mean you're in a different spot now. You never kind of had this kind of attention. I understand. You know, Hey, he was an outstanding center for the Eagles. But TV per t TV Fame is different than, than sports Fame different.


It's a whole different ballgame. Oh yeah. Especially now. I'm not obviously a LeBron and a Tom Brady's, something like that. Different level. But for, for an offensive lineman. Yeah. To get this kind level of Fame. Because the only time his thing got mentioned when he held that was the, he had to do something bad Right. For them to talk about Jason Kel, now he's on ESPN. He has a great pod with his brother. Commercials with his brother. Yeah. He's the commercials. So yeah, like I said, the only thing I just hate, I just hate that he uttered the word back. What the gentleman said. Yeah. That's, that's it. If he'd, you know, gave him a quick, you know, quick elbow to the throat, That'd been fine.


That'd been like, free, free. Jason Kel that've Been fine. Be he'll be all right though. He'll be all right. The Volume, stay farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No.


Making Smarter Financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Now we have a level of privilege that our parents never had. So what do we do with it? Right? How do we, how do we utilize the opportunities that we have that they don't? Right? And a lot of that is educating ourselves. Educating ourselves on how to not make the same mistakes they did. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Toura podcast Network.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one, get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See out details.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta, how do I make a latte Brew two shots of Espresso. After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available feature Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all coalitions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.