
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? Ad Nan Kin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deur here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And you will be glad you did The Volume NFL playoffs.


We're talking about NFL playoffs.


You bet we are. Get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdown is the key to winning NFL playoffs and the key to you scoring big betting on them at draftking. The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something as simple as a player. To score six. Go to Draftking Sports Sportsbook app. Make your pick. Here's another reason to bet your favorite player to crush it in the playoffs. New customers bet $5 and get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Score big during the NFL playoffs with Draftking Sportsbook. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 in bonus bet instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only at Draftking Sports book. The crown is yours. Gambling Problem. Call one 800 GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler dot net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources Ocho.


So now let's get back the Lions offensive coordinator. Ben Johnson has agreed to a deal to become the Chicago Bears next head. Coach Johnson has been the Lions offensive coordinator for the past three seasons. And if I'm not mistaken, I think they finish in the top five in offense each of those seasons. He will fill the job vacated by Matt Ebra flues when they fired him on November 29th. Johnson will become the 19th head coach in Fran, the 105 year franchise existence. Ocho, do you like the hire You? God damn right. I like the hire you got right now. Listen, we talk about Ben Johnson now this, we talk about Ben Johnson that worked wonders with Jared Goff worked wonders offensively with that offense. The creativity that is amazed.


All of us, all season long now. Yep. You know, Dan Campbell loves to go forward on fourth down. Why do you think he's so confident in doing some of the things he does as the head coach because of Ben Johnson and what he's able to do? So I look at it from this standpoint. You got Jameson Williams, you got Aman Ross named Brown, you got the Porto. Now you go to another supporting cast in Chicago that different skill sets where they get the job done very well. Right. You have a great quarterback, dual threat quarterback who's a little bit more mobile, a little bit more agile, can play off script a little better than golf. And K Williams, he's a good thrower of the ball as well.


This is going to be a perfect relationship not only for Ben Johnson, but for K Williams and his career. I guarantee you and I I'm gonna put it out there right now and it's gonna be a, I told you so moment when the season starts and we, we are about, we we in about maybe week seven or week eight and I'm be like I told you so. Caleb Williams being one of the top quarterbacks in the league statistically because of Ben Johnson and his creativity in his offensive props. Watch I like to hire. Yep. I like to hire also there. Yeah. But what I don't like, but Chicago and New England doing that fake stuff. Bring black coaches in there when they're no damn, they're not gonna Hire. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


They brought 80 George in there and you know, look, if you, you gotta take it. Yeah. Yeah. You know damn well they want excuse, excuse me. You know good de well, You know good, you know good de well you wanted Ben Johnson. Right? But Ocho hey the Rooney Rule. I gotta get that quote. Yeah, you, you gotta, same thing in New England. Gotta New England. Y'all brought two black, y'all brought Pep Hamilton in. Y'all brought this other black, you know, good. Well yeah, by Leftwich, y'all know Good. First of all by left, been outta the league for what, two years And y'all gonna bring him in now? He ain't got no offensive coordinator, but y'all brought him in. Yeah. And see y'all, what y'all did, the Patriots did that thing so good.


They brought two of them in. They they brought two O brought two of Them. Yeah. I mean, listen, they they have to check the boxes, huh? They they, they gotta, they they gotta check the boxes. Like you said. They gotta gotta meet the quota. You have to satisfy the rule that's in place that's really not working. Ain't got no T to it. But, and but look, I like to hire, I like Ben Johnson. I like what he did. You mentioned it. He had a quarterback that's more mobile. He has very good look. You got Roman Duns that he took in the first round for the Bears. You got DJ Moore that you signed to a con contract extension. You got Keenan Allen, I think Keenan Allen is a free agent. So you probably bring him back because he came on strong at the end of the year. Yeah.


He's that guy that he's not as fast, is not as quick as a alman rod the saint, the in the slot. But he gets it done. He got tremendous moves. He got great hands. I like him. He's a big body. He can body, you know, he can body you up. So I like that. I like their, I don't really know their running back situation. You're gonna have to prove the offensive line Deandre Swift because that's one thing. Deandre Swift. Yeah. Offensive line. And you're gonna probably get better because you look at what they got in, in, in Detroit. Right. You know, you got Penn Se who's a, a pro bowler all pro. You got Zeitler, you got deck, you got glass now you got Decker, you got Rag now you got, you know, Detroit has a very good offensive line and So you are gonna have to get that up to par of Chicago.


Right. Because your quarterback took 60 plus sacks. That's too many ocho. Oh yeah. That's way too many sacks. Now all of it is not on the offensive line. Caleb Williams' gonna have to do a better job of getting rid of the football. It's okay to throw it away because sometimes I think guys, they get caught up. Ocho well I'm gonna mess up my completion percentage, bro. Throw that damn ball away. You don't wanna be taking all those hits. Right, right. But I like the higher, I'm sure they got, they got money in, in, in, in cap space that they can improve this team. I I love the hire by Ben Johnson. I got no qualms about that hire. He's put his time in as an offensive, as an offensive coordinator. As an offensive coach. I think it was right. It was the right time to, for him to get this job.


So I I really, I really liked the hire. I'm a little surprised that he went in the same division as his former boss. Normally they get, they get away ocho. Right. But hey, that was the best situation. I always thought that the Bears, for me, that was the best situation that was available to me. Now, I mean, other people didn't, people like to Raiders, you know, KA guitar No to Brady didn't play a quarterback. Ain't ain't nothing to work with over there. Huh? Ain't nothing to work with. Nothing Over there. He ain't got no quarterback. Yeah. So You, So you, you understood that that was, that was the best fit, especially for him and what he bring to the table. Yeah. I thought that was the be I thought that the Jets, you got the jet situation. You got a lot of stuff, stuff going on with the Jets. What other, what other, what other, what other job is available?


Ocho the Jets was available. Saints. The Saints. The Saints. Hopefully Ag get the Saints or the Jets. I know, I think he, he know, he obviously Ag played with the Jets. Hell he played with the Saints also. He was on the defensive staff. He was on Sean Peyton staff when he was at, at the Saints. So, but I hopefully he gets one of these jobs. But it's gonna be tough without a quarterback. You gotta find a quarterback or Joe. Without that, you don't really have a chance to have longevity. Your lease is gonna be short. Lease is very short. If he ain't got no quarterback, Well our lease is short anyway. But anyway, that's not what we, we'll talk about that another day.


But I like to hire, I like Ben Johnson hire Chicago should be good. That's a very tough division. Ocho you got young. We'll, we'll see what Minnesota does with Sam Donald. Right. Do they move on or do they keep Elevate? JJ McCarthy gonna be very interested 'cause you got Jordan Love, you got golf, you got Caleb Williams. So I like it. I like it. Many scouts believe the Browns will take Travis Hunter number two overall and focus on a quarterback later in the draft. A multitude of a multitude of NFL Scouts are reportedly of the belief that there's no way Shadur Sanders would play for the Browns.


Even if the Browns were interested in picking him. There's reportedly thought amongst scouting circles that if Hunter were to go to Cleveland, he would have a Jim Brown type impact on the franchise. Browns Hole 33rd and 67th overall pick. Which would possibly give them a potential to select Jackson Dark Quinn ERs Jaylen Murrow or Kyle McCord. This is going to be a franchise changing draft for the Brown. I Li I li I like it. What you thinking O Joe, You know, their identity anyway is defense. Is is their defense. Honestly, until you get a quarterback at, at the ham that can change the franchise right around like Jay Daniels has done like a CJ Rou has done.


But can you imagine Denzel Ward and god damn Travis Hunter. I don't, I don't care if you got Denzel Ward. I don't care if you got Prime time. I don't care if you got male blunt. I don't care if you got Reba. I I aint, you cannot score. You cannot win it. Miss Somewhere. You, you, you, you got build a foundation somewhere. You gotta start somewhere. And it's been how long since they've had a quarterback, ALO Graham? Nah. Oh yeah. I mean they had some good years with, with Bernie. You know, Bernie, you know they had the car, the cardiac, the cardiac brows with Yeah, the guy named Brian site, if I'm not mistaken, I think in the 80 19 80 site was an MVP.


But, and you know, they, they had some, they had some situations, I think it was Bernie, that they went to the a FFC championship games and they ended up losing to the Broncos. They lost twice the Broncos and the A FFC championship game. But it's been a while. That's been ocho that's been 30 plus years ago. Hell, that was before I got there. They lost, as a matter of fact, they lost to the Browns the year before I got there. So that was 89. I got to the bronc over 90. So when that wasn't 37 years ago. Putting, Putting asses, excuse me, talking about putting butts in seats. They had Baker, I mean B the Baker, look, they had Baker and Baker had a a a, a couple good years, but they didn't have the talent around him.


He got hurt. And like I said, BAK needed to move on. They didn't. They didn't, they didn't like, and you have to accept Baker for who he is. He, he, yeah, he's he's cocky. He believes in his ability. Yeah. I got no prob. I got no problem with that. You know, they, they, you know, they like, well we want an adult in the, in the building. Right. But he's where Baker is where he should be in Tampa playing unbelievable football for a team that believes in him. Players that believe in him on show the bills get their revenge. The bills defeated. The Ravens 27 25 and a dramatic finish in Buffalo advancing to the a FC championship game for the First time since 2021.


Heartbreak, heartbreaking loss for the Ravens. The bills were head to Kansas City for a rematch. Remember Kansas City went to Buffalo. I think they lost by two. Well they lost by double digits. Now regular season doesn't matter if Buffalo proved they lost really big, really bad to who, who was that? The Ravens earlier this year. Derrick Henry ran wild. But Buffalo gets their revenge and now they turned around and head back to Kansas City. Buffalo is the only team to beat Kansas City starters during the regular season and the entire regular season in 2024. Remember Ocho, they sought their starters the last game. But at the end of the day, this game came down to turnovers and missed opportunities.


The Ravens are gonna kick themselves. They turned the ball over. Lamar had two bad turnovers early the ball game. And then this was a game that Mark Andrews is gonna want to forget. He had a couple of drops Ocho, he had a costly fumble. Fumble. And then the two point, the two point conversion. Right. You know, in a situation like that, Ocho Yeah. The weather's bad like that. If you bobble it's over, you're not gonna catch it again. 'cause the ball's too slick. Yeah. And you got no footing. And so once he bobbled it, you know, it was like, well this is it. This is the opportunity. But when you, you look at this game and it's another disappointing season and we can't place all of this at the defeat of Lamar. I didn't think he played well early. I thought they got away from the running game too soon. Ocho. Yeah. 'cause if you look at coming, you look at, look at when they came out of the locker room in the third quarter.


Right. And they got the ball, what they do on Joe, boom, boom, boom, went right down, right down the field running the ball right down the field. Go ahead. Go ahead. Right down front floor is yours. They, they, they got the on. Can you please explain to me understanding how you won all season long, even with the turnovers that you did have you had an opportunity? Yeah, you have opportunity. There are moments in the football game, there are moments in the playoff game. There are 1, 1, 2, maybe three plays if that that matter out of all the plays that you run in the game. And those, those, those moments, those plays that actually mattered. They didn't capitalize on those opportunities despite the turnovers that you had. Yeah. Despite the turnovers.


Like listen, I I'm not wanting to blame the game on one person. I would never do that. The turnovers hurt from Lamar. One of 'em, one of 'em didn't count because it was still tight. It was, it was still tied up. And even though they can't go down and score on that turnover, he still had opportunity to tie the game back up. Right. Second one the fumble. Now that's, that's costly. Yeah. Yeah. That's cost suit. Andrews, You have to live with that though. Ocho because we've seen him Bob a snap. We saw him against your, your Bengals. He bobbled a snap and throw a touchdown to likely, So you gonna have to live with him. 'cause I know a lot of people say Lamar just fall on it live to see another day. Right. But what makes him Lamar Jackson is his ability to turn a disaster into something dynamic.


Yeah. Tonight, tonight just wasn't it. I feel, I feel bad for Mark Andrews because tough it was right there. It was right there. All he had to do was be able to just to secure that catch. If anything, watch it. That's his, that was his was was that his second or third drop? That's his second. He had two drops and a fumble. Remember they punched it out. He had a big game. Yeah. And the dude punched it out and they go down. And if I'm not mistaken, I think they went down and got a field goal. So that's what pushed it to an eight point game. You gotta make that catch on by all means. You gotta look back in, you gotta steer the laces on that ball and look at all the way, and if you gotta go back to the basics, the basic fundamentals of catching the ball, you can't drop a ball in that scenario like that.


Yeah. You can't because it, it allows you to, it, it gives your team another chance, a second chance. Now you put it back on your defense. Now you put it back on your defense to stop them. Don't let them get in field goal range. Now the Josh, now maybe they're gonna play a little free. So now Josh is gonna probably do a little bit more running around. Right. Because he has some freedom. So now he can rely on his legs. And I thought that's the thing that really helped Lamar and them. Like Buffalo didn't want to give it the big play, but the one thing you gotta do is you gotta keep him in the pocket. You can't let him get outside the pocket. You let him get outside the pocket. So he started off, he's running now. He gets outside of the pocket, he hits likely he gets outside of the pocket. He hits sims, he gets outside the pocket hit Andrews right. You can't let him get outside the pocket.


Make him beat you from the pocket pocket. And I know it's a lot easier said than done, but you want to keep him in that box and if he works his magic in the box, don't you? You just have to live with that. Gotta live with that because you can't take everything away. But I'm gonna take away what I know you wanna do, which is get outside the pocket and buy yourself Time. Yeah. I mean the first half the bills played really good. Feel they did first half. It looks like they, they they bullied the, they bullied the ravens on both sides of the ball. Even They did, even though when you look at it now, I'm, I'm, I know I'm not blind. I know I'm not blind. It, I know what I'm seeing. The Ravens defensively are first and almost every statistical category. But what I saw from the bills in the first half, it didn't seem that way.


Yeah. Now, I don't know if the, I don't know if the conditions played a part in that and them being successful running the ball and moving it down. But the intermediate game through the past, I don't know if the conditions played any kind of part in that, but like, it, it sucks. It sucks. Yeah, it does does because this promise succeeds. I mean, lemme tell you how I know it sucks because I feel bad for Lamar for one. And it's how you know, I feel bad 'cause I'm not even making fun of you. I'm not even making fun of you about your team losing and going on. Hey, I'm not even making fun of you because hon honestly, a as a Bengal, as much as I love my Bengals, I really fought and wanted and, and, and I, I, I can say this, I really wanted Lamar to win this one because I know he was gonna win the MVP and I wanted him to have success in the playoffs and go far, you know, into the playoffs.


We can get that monkey off his bank.


We all have experience paying extra fees. Like the one time I had a layover in Salt Lake City, they canceled my flight and I had to buy another plane ticket just to make it home. When we're trying to make progress, life's curve balls often feel like taking one step forward and two steps backwards. A Chime checking account makes financial progress easier with features like no maintenance fees, fee free overdraft up to $200 or getting paid up to two days early with direct deposit. Don't even ask me how I paid for my first house when I made it to the league. That's the beauty of Chime. Chime helps you make progress fee free overdraft of to $200 by applying your next deposit to your balance. In addition, there's no monthly fees or maintenance fees and Chime offers over 50,000 fee-free ATMs make progress towards a better financial future with Chime Open an account in two minutes at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress banking services and debit cards provided by bankcorp North America or Stride Bank, north America members, FDIC, SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply. Booths are available to eligible Chime members enrolled at SpotMe and are subject to monthly limits timing depends on submission of payment, file fees apply at out-of-network ATMs.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Stars. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it, yeah. It was like, do I send the heart Now? Because I don't like the Color edition. It's extremely pink. Mm. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd named Bur Tell about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 Game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love You by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're gonna all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling. Even the stuff that you wear on NHL now You wish you could pull off my short shorts Burki, That's sure of Kaza ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


So get that back and it it, it just didn't happen. Obviously the turnovers played a part in it even though there were moments in the game where thing could have shifted in their favor and given that team a little chance and opportunity to win, it just didn't go their way. And that and that sucks That. And that's what it is, Ocho, is that we look at Lamar and we've, so we, we, we've seen Lamar this season have games where he's damn near perfect. Well he has a perfect quarterback, faster rating 1 58 0.3. You can't get into higher than that. And we've seen him have those games for whatever reason we have. Those games have come few and far between. Yes. When it matters the most. Yeah. This is when it matters the most because there's finality to this.


There is no tomorrow. There is no tomorrow this great season. We got a a a, an All-Pro quarterback that's probably gonna win his third MVP. Yeah. In a five year span we got an all pro running back that works Rush for damn near 2000 yards. Now Za flowers not being in there that, that hurt. But they still got two of the best tight end. They still got, I believe they got two top 10 tight ends. Yes. Nobody else can say that in the NFL. They got, you know, Marlon, Marlon Humphrey was the first team all pro at the slot. Hamilton made the Pro Bowl. I think they had a defensive line. Mad B Quake made the Pro Bowl. They had another DN Yeah. Made the pro made the Pro Bowl. This is very disappointing.


You look at the way they turned their season around, especially defensively ocho, they were really good offensive. They lost some games that you're like, y'all go and y'all beat this team, but y'all lose to the Raiders. How the hell y'all lose to the Raiders? I think they lost, ended up losing, maybe ended some other team that wasn't very good. And you asking yourself, h how do Ravens lose into these teams with Lamar and Derrick Henry and all these weapons that they have Is that if you go back and study Lamar and y'all can dress it up however you want to, OCHO and the playoffs he's had, look at how many games that he's actually played in the playoffs. And then look at how many multiple turnover games he's had in the playoffs. Now I go back, juxtapose, rewind it, press play, look at the regular season, all of his starts.


Right? And look at how many multiple turnover games. Not nearly so damn near every game that he damn near every game. But two thirds of the games that he's played in the playoffs, he's turning the ball over all over. When you turn the ball over, not only do you don't give yourself to con still get play after play after play, you give them possession. So now they take you off the field because they're really not like a, a a, a turnover defense ocho. Right. They can occasionally, but they don't really like take the ball away like the old Raven and put points on the board with it. Right. But now all of a sudden, instead of, you know, 7, 8, 9, 10 plays where you can have something to hang your hat on, you only get three plays 'cause you've turned the ball over. Right. And that's what, that's what is hurting Lamar.


And I know he's like, he's like, man, hell we go again. I it have to. Don't let anybody tell you. I know you gonna say nah, that Yes it does because you know what happened last year you had two turnovers and you had two turnovers in the first half this year. So you playing, all of a sudden it's going through your mind and everybody's thinking the same thing in Baltimore. Hell we go again. Yeah. Lamar. Yeah, because think about it, Ocho the man only had four turn, four interceptions the entire year season. So he played 18 games, 18 plus, 18 plus one. He didn't turn the ball over against Pittsburgh. So he played 18 games with four interceptions. And then you come in here and have another interception. And then I think he had, I mean, had another fumble.


He just has to let and I don't, and and I want him to get over this so bad because it's a very disappointing season because like I said, Ocho you and I both believe he's about to be a three time league. MVP and here he is another he's, He's he's he's gonna win it. He he's gonna win it. Yes. 'cause what he did during the regular season, you can't take it away from him. You can't because it was, it was, it was the special season. It just, it was, he has to understand and listen. I know Lamar already knows when you go into the, when you go into the postseason and if you look at when you made it before and you've lost, you've lost. The one thing in that is the turnovers. You make it that much difficult. You put your, your team behind eight ball.


When, when you turn the ball over and you say it all the time, monk, you play, you paid double for the, you Pay double. You pay double for 'em. Even though you had a chance to come back. Now everything else has to go well or damn near perfect to get yourself back in the game. It is. And if you look at, look at Joe Flacco. Joe Flacco's not a third of the quarterback, but came playoff time. Oh yeah. Joe f Flaco supposedly had to been the two Super Bowls. He hit Lee Evans in the hand and had the Patriots beat and he dropped It. Knocked it. And then we know he went on the road. He went on the road and beat Peyton in his house. He went on the road and beat Tom in his house and he went and he won a Super Bowl and he had Tom beat again in his house.


Yeah. Joe Flaco played a buck. You would think, Joe, you like, hold on, wait a minute. Yeah. How the hell you doing this in the playoff and you don't look nothing like this in the regular season. Let was call him Joe. Joe Flaco. That's Joe Montana. Yeah. Protect him. It's Just opposite with Lamar. I don't, I don't know what it is. O Joe. I don't know if he's putting too much pressure. I don't know if it's a mental hurdle, but for the turnovers, you go back and look at his first playoff game against the Titans in the divisional round. He turned the ball over. He played B remember in the next year? Yeah. He goes on the road to play Buffalo. He throws a hundred plus yard interception. He comes back. Last year he had two interceptions Za flowers had again za flowers.


Interception was very, turnover was costly because they was like at the one yard line you would like to think Ocho Well he fumbled in the end zone. So you like to think Ocho Yeah. They're gonna get points out of that. Maybe a touchdown. And then Mark Andrews there driving again. He punches it out. The drop pass from the two point conversion. It's just tough because they're gonna put this at Yeah, yeah, yeah. He dropped the ball mark and you didn't play a good game. But they gonna place this at the feet of Lamar because he is the best player. Yeah. He's gonna be the guy that's gonna win the MVP. Not Mark Andrews. Right. Not anybody else. But listen it you he, he won the MVP. Right. Not only what he was able to do with his legs, but also it's supporting cast.


Yes. It's supporting cast. You know, and, and you need to supporting cast to show up for you all the time. As much as you'd like to. Now listen, the onus is on you as a quarterback. You know when you win you get the praise. When you lose, they get the blame. They gonna, they gonna let you have it. But your supporting cast has to come in for you. Especially in times like this. In times especially they have to. Huh? They have to. If it ocho if it was a situation where, you know, they're going back and forth and all of a sudden somebody fumbled the ball and Lamar had one of those, had one of those days where he's like five touchdowns and he doesn't turn the ball over. Mm. But somebody else gets stripped or somebody, you know, ball cams off their hand. Right.


He like, Hey, I don't know this Lamar y'all want Lamar to do. Yeah. The man had five touchdown passes. He didn't have a turnover. Right. That was the receiver got it pulled out. That was the running back to fumble the ball. But these situations, Ocho, they had three turnovers tonight that matched their total from the last seven games. That's, that's crazy. That's crazy. And conditions, we can't make no excuses. Yeah. Hell, the weather's bad in Baltimore. That big seem like, oh, Joe hate Oh the weather. Whoa. Do you, Baltimore, what's the weather like in Baltimore? Cleveland? What's the weather like in Cleveland, Cincinnati? What's the weather like in Cincinnati? I guess Pittsburgh. What's the weather like in Baltimore?


Played bad weather games. Yeah. News flash. And they don't play in a dome. Right. If you didn't know better, we're gonna talk about this game a little later. If I didn't tell you, if you didn't know the Rams within LA you've think, hold on. How they, how is Matthew Stafford throwing the ball like this? How are they doing what they do? They're not supposed to be able to do like this. It is Seni in California. Yeah. They play in a dome. Arizona is in a dome. Right. This It, it Sucks. Lamar, Jackson Ocho has played eight playoff games. Eight. He's had multiple turnover in half of them.


Damn. I From, from a, from a playoff standpoint and the chance chances at Lombardi. Right. What is the window of opportunity for the Ravens while they have, while, while they have the team that they have right now. What do, what is their, what do you think the window of opportunity for them is to actually get to a chip? Long as they got Lombardi still got a chance No matter what you, you know the funny thing, even with the other teams getting better, even even with other teams getting better in the A FC in the NFC, there will still not be another Lamar Jackson. It won't. So it always gives you that hope.


It always gives you that chance in the back of your mind. Even as a Raven, even as Arai a Ravens fan, you know, for those that are you in the chat that are watching, yes you have to, you're always gonna be in contention because not only are other teams getting better, you know, your owner, your GMs, your coaches have one job as well. Continue to put pieces around the mar to make sure that you have a chance too, to get back to this point. To get back to a A FC championship at one point. To be able to play in a Super Bowl, you know, and improve your team. Can I ask you a question? Talk to me. How, how many times do you take the pretty girl lot and you don't get nothing before you stop? Three. Okay.


Three. Because that's what the, I mean that's the pretty girl. Yeah. Lamar Jackson is that Yeah. I mean three time league MVP an all pro. I mean think about it. Lamar Jackson is the first quarterback to be a three time first team. A three time all pro quarterback. Yeah. In his first seven. He's the first, think about all the quarterbacks. Peyton, Tom, Aaron Rogers, John Elway. Dan Marino. Yeah. Name a quarterback. None. Yeah. Has done what Lamar Jackson has done. He's a three time first team all pro quarterback in his first seven years. That's, that's crazy when you think about it. That's just how dynamic and special young boy, Montana, young Brett Favre name a quarterback, all your great quarterbacks.


The one that's one Tom Brady. Tom Brady's only been a three time first team or, or or quarterback three times in 23 seasons, 22 seasons have along, he's played, he's a three time Lamar Jackson has done that three times in his first seven years. About to be a three time, a three time. He's about to win, have more MVPs in his first seven years than any quarterback. But at the end of the day, Ocho you know, it counts more in the playoffs. Yes. But that's what they judge, judge regular seat. That's what they judge the quarterbacks off. Anyway. That's it. No other player really. No other player gets judged off the playoffs like the quarterback does.


'cause that's why, that's how he makes, that's how he makes his money. Yeah. That's how, that's how he makes his name. If you want to be look, you could be great, but if you wanna be iconic Yeah. Playoffs of, where is that Kobe Bird Magic Jordan Broun Iconic. Yeah. Shaq, Montana, rice, Mahomes, Brady Iconic. It puts you into another stratosphere. It puts you into another conversation. The conversation separates you from everybody else. Oh. There've been a lot of NFL players in the NFL. There've been a lot of NFL quarterbacks in the NFL, but you become iconic and almost We, I think it's OCHO players, coaches, general managers front office over 25,000.


Damn. 25,000. 25,000. Yeah. Now you talk about the Hall of Fame that I think it's less than 400. But when you talk about historic and iconic players, Lamar Jackson has an opportunity that when you talk about the NFL, you cannot mention anything about the NFL or quarterbacks without saying L Jack's name. Yeah. That's what he has an opportunity to do. You know, you know what's funny, and even now, even at this point with no Super Bowl, with no Super Bowl, you can't talk about the story of the quarterbacks throughout the entirety of the NFL without mentioning his name now. So imagine what happens when he gets over the hump because you can't tell the story.


You can't tell the story of quarterbacks based on what he's done once he wins this MVP without mentioning his name. But what now? You win a Super Bowl when the Bradys and the Montanas and the Mahomes having a discussion. Yeah. Let me roll my a which which y'all guys talking about. I'm at the table, don't you? Well, Yeah. Oh Yeah, I'm at the table. Yeah. Damn man. Yes, He's special. Yeah. All it takes is one. And I, and my, and I've said this, I believe if he can get one, and I hate using the caveat if, but if he can just get one. I believe the flood gates are open.


Yeah. I believe the floodgates. So I believe the floodgates for Lamar Jackson will open. And boy, it's hard. I mean, you think about it. Marino was 23 and went to the Super Bowl one, the MVP and never been back Uhuh. It took, I mean, John went, John went, I think John came in what, 21, 83, 84, 85, right. 86. He went to the Super Bowl in 86, went in 87, went back in 89. Ain't winning it. John won the Super Bowl in year 15. In year 16. That's Kelly never won.


I mean, think about it. They were killing Steve. Young, Young. Steve Young was winning MVPs just like Lamar. Yeah. It wasn't until he won that Super Bowl. He got that bear off his back. Once you get that monkey off your, Hey look, you ran, you ever ran the 400? Of course You know what it's like when you come, when you're coming out that, that, that, that, that curve on that 300 That Yeah. You monkey that monkey jump on your back coming down that street right away. Yep. All right. And that's, and that's what it takes all Lamar. That's what LA that's Steve Young. He had to get that. He had to get that one Right. Get that one. That's it.


Every team has played in an NFC championship game since the Cowboys last went to the NFC championship game. You got a yo hey. Yeah, you got Dan Quinn with a rookie quarterback in the NFC championship game. Kelly Moore is calling plays in the NFC championship game championship game his first year there. So who do you think the problem is in Dallas? I'm, I'm just curious, Chad, Chad, can you, who do you think the problem problem is in Dallas? Because everyone that leaves Dallas and goes somewhere else, they seem to have found success or or finding success. The Coaches thrive. So who is the problem? Mm, I I'm just asking, I I'm curious what the chat would say.


Oh, problem. Oh yeah. You know, Mike McCarthy got tired of Kelly Moore getting a little shine. Oh, you know, he wanted to run the ball too. He wanted to pass the ball too much. And lo and behold, he get, he get Kelly Moore out there and he run, he throws the ball more than what Kelly Moore did when Kelly Moore was calling the plays. Yeah. Everybody Know. I would like to see be the, be the Dallas coach. I know we, we've heard the rumblings about Prime going there and I'm, I'm not sure if that would work that situation because Prime would be the one to take all the spotlight away from Jerry. All the tremendously. You don't want that.


I think Dak and Chad might, might not agree with me, but I think Dak and, and and CD Lamb and the rest of the supporting cast offensively would do very well with Ben Johnson and his creativity. You know, with that, with that offense and being the fact that with Ben Johnson, they would score be somewhere statistically in the top five when it comes to scoring. I, I i i, I don't know why. I just like it. I just think someone like Ben Johnson being in Dallas, having be not only being the head coach but also controlling and caught doing the play calling as well. You can't OCHO because he like Al man, they had to get al the sheet, Al needed to know what you was running.


We not gonna get into that ocho. In fact, seven Dallas assistant coaches from 22 or 23 will be participating. Wait, how many in the NFC championship game? Seven. The last championship game appearance for the Dallas Cowboys was 1995. The Bears, every team has been in the NFC championship game except the Cowboys in the two thousands. Even the Bears, the Giants Wonder Super Bowl, the Seahawks, Carolina, Arizona, Falcons, Minnesota Saints, Packers, Tampa, Rams, 49 ERs, Detroit, the Commanders and the Eagles.


Do you, do you think Jerry knows this? Hey, or he doesn't pay it? No. Mind Ocho, if, if you could, if you could do whatever you wanted to do and make 300 million or you could do it the right way. Make 300 million, but you're not gonna get no credit. Jerry wants credit. Huh? That ain't work. That's what Jerry wants. That Ain't working. Wants to be the face. How Could you not? It's not working. He doesn't, didn't that man tell you he bought this tee, he bought this occupation. Yeah, but normally He told you that Ocho, when you buy what more The point of buying Ooc occupation is for one.


So you can succeed and win at it. Not just buy it to tear it down or not just buy it and be Losing. I wanna do it. I wanna work on my, I wanna work on my own car and it won't ever crank. Instead of me taking it to, instead of me taking it to a auto technician instead of me taking a tool. Right. Because you know, we gotta be fully, we correct. We can't say mechanic anymore. Can't say mechanic. We gotta say, why would that mean auto technician? Not, not because you know, people that, oh, let's give 'em the problem. Credit auto technicians, technicians like That. Shade as mechanic.


But in that situation, man, it's, I mean look at this with a rookie quarterback. Dan Quinn stayed longer than what he probably should because he thought he was gonna to get the Dallas job. He was gonna be willing to forego, give up of, of himself. We saw Dan Quinn get to the Atlanta Falcons to the Super Bowl, have a 28 3 lead. Yeah. So he can coach, he can coach. But nobody, Ben Johnson is not gonna be Ben Johnson in Dallas. He needs to go somewhere where he's gonna have control.


It looks like all indication is pointing to the Raiders. I wouldn't be surprised within the next two to three days, he, how are we going? The Raiders, We don't got no quarterback. I'm talking about we he doesn't want to. He listen a lot of times guys don't want to be in a situation with Detroit. A guy that gave him his start. I don't really want to be in that situation. Dan Quinn said, I don't care Dan Qui say I'm tired of this. You told me you going to make something happen for your boy and you ain't do it. So guess what? I'm gonna go ahead and beat your ass. I'm just saying


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wi and Insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle. Every Wednesday for our new podcast, lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one Mirror Ball trophy from Dancing with the Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight based in Nashville? We're more than just your basic NFL show. We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. 'cause we got lots to say. I, I texted you and you texted me back. Now, I dunno if you have the update, but like all the little thumbs up and heart and stuff, like it's all colored. They changed it. And the heart, the heart's a little pink. It felt like I told you I loved you. I'm gonna be honest, it was a little pink. There was something sentimental when you, it was like when when you send it. Yeah. You was like, do I send the heart Now because I don't like the Color Edition. It's extremely pink. Mm Listen, Have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd named RK Burkin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NHL UN scripted with Birkin Demur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I Love you by the way. NHL network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love. Right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're still gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, all kinds of random stuff in this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts. Burki That's sure. To Kaza Ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demurs, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's going on everybody? This is Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast alongside Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We're rolling three times a week on Mondays. On Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're talking about the MVP race is Josh Allen gonna pull it out. Lamar Jackson. Can Saquon Barkley even break the rushing record? Can the Steelers keep up their momentum? We talk about everything. We break it down. Stats, analytics, and of course Chris Rose is bringing his perspective on being a pro in the media world as well. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. And you we'll be glad you did. Hope you could join us for the postseason run.


The Eagles defeated the Rams 28 22 Philadelphia advances to the NFC championship game for the second time in three years. They will host the commanders next Sunday in an all NFC East Clash. Saquon rushed for 2 0 5. Remember he had 2 55 the first game. This is the second time this season. He's exceeded 200 yards rush against the Ram. The majority of the yardage came on. Two carries. He had a 78 yarder. He had a 62 yarder. Jalen Hirt suffered his knee injury in the second half but was able to finish the game. Yeah. Ocho, you and I talked last night. I'm not gonna let Sequan beat me. Yeah. If Jalen Hurst throw, if Jalen Hirst throws for an efficient 250 yards, three touchdowns.


I walked to the middle field. Hey, good luck next week. Whoever y'all play against the commander's man. Yeah. You are a hell of a player. That's what I do. I'm not gonna let Saquon beat me and I be damnit they didn't let Sequan beat him. You, you have to remember right, we got late, we got Lane Johnson, we got lane across the board, the average as far as weight, weight goes. But the Rams offensive defensive line is undersized. Huh? They're underside. They tried, they had some moments where they were able to contain Saan, but at some point when you keep chopping that wood, at some point it's gonna break.


At some point it's going to crack. And that's exactly what happened due to them being so undersized up front. Even, even if you stack a nine in the box, you know, once they come off the ball, they bully them boys up front. They definitely did that. They Bully them boys up, up upfront. So you, and it takes so much pressure off Jayden. It takes so much pressure off Jayden Hearst too. It takes so much pressure off him. 'cause he don't have to do much. 'cause Sequan is carrying the load. Same situation over there in Baltimore. Put the ball in your bell cow's hands and let him take the game over for you. But, but Philly never got away from that.


Yeah, they didn't. They didn't. That's The problem. Ocho Baltimore got away from it for a a quarter. Why? And you look at some place they had, Saquon got stopped but you let him get that hole and he stepped to the side. He the bow. You know what's so funny? He take them small steps when he running and is faster than every damn body and never get caught line. Yeah. The thing is, he's quick. The thing is he has great balance.


If you look at the crossover, his step Yeah. Like they give him the ball and he steps outside and when he sees a crease, He gone, he he, he hit it. He hit it and he hit another gift. He stepped on it, man. Yeah. The first one that he, he stepped on it gone. The la the 78 yard of Ocho. He's like outta There. And that was just the ha ocho that wasn't a to that was just the handoff Off. Yeah. And then he's crosses over, boom. And he exploded a pair of fumbles on back to back drive, set the Rams back significantly. The ramp Matthew Stafford had LA in the red zone. I thought LA was gonna do it 'cause P Naco made a heck of a catch over slay.


Oh. Or Darius slay with a chance and then on fourth down, but Ocho I'm looking at, there was some miscommunication with the center and the right guard because on back to back plays, you turn Jalen Carter, Len Carter. I don't know why I'm not flying. I'm not going away from him. Yeah. Well I'm not going away from him. The center, the center looked right and the guard slid to the right and then he went to the left and then tried to come back and by the time he came back he was sacking Stafford. I'm like, fuck young boy. I'm Like, bro, why would you do, listen, Hey y'all handle that over there. I gotta worry about this one. Yeah. Yeah. This is the one I gotta work. He's the one. And they did, he did it again on fourth down, Down.


I'm trying to figure out, I'm like, bro, I'm not. Listen on a defense. Ocho Yeah. If you got Reggie White, if you got Bruce, you got lt. I respect everybody on the offensive line. Defensive line because you in the league. But I'm not a, it's like, it's like ad why would you do, why would you slide, why would you double someone else other than Aaron? Donald. Right. Why would you double someone else other than JJ Watt? Why Fact? Jalen Carter. Yeah. And you's The, he's the most disruptive right now. Right. And I said this, if he ever got in shape because I saw him in college. Yeah. Not his last year. Last year he was bull jiving, but when he hungry and motivated, and I think he's motivated now because he got some, he's a all pro, he's a pro bowl player.


Ocho, if in the next three years he's not a defensive player of the year, I ain't talking about a candidate. I'm say the def defensive player of the year where they tell it call his name defensive player of the year is Jalen Carter. He should be disappointed. Yeah. That's the kind of ability this young man has. He's explosive. He can play the run. He's disruptive. Yeah. He can pressure your quarterback. He punched the ball out because he did a great thing. Yeah. One hand on the and punched the ball out of Kyron Williams' hand. Well, yeah. Yeah, man. He has, he has all the tools. He now, he should be thinking, man, hell, I'm thinking, I'm thinking Hall of Fame, I'm thinking the 80. They need to start getting me ready for the size 52, a 54 jacket.


He has that kind of ability. Does he, does he know it though now? If he can, if he can channel all that and understand how great he is or how good he is now it's all about him understanding what you can see. Watching from home. We can see the greatness in him. Oh, he's special. He got to understand it and funnel all that energy into his craft. He could be one of the best, best. He can be one of the best to ever do it. He showed up so he's so quick off the ball. Or Joe, for a man his size, man, his size ain't supposed to be that kind of explosive. Now the knot, his first step is not supposed to be that fast And he's powerful. I, I don't, I don't know if he's weight room strong, Ocho, I don't know if he can bench 500 pounds and squat all that, but I'm talking about football strength to take a man.


I said that that's, that's the way you could tell somebody can you move a man against his will. Against His will. Yeah. I knew you're gonna say that. Can you move him against his will when he said, man, I ain't going nowhere the hell you say, there you, I get off this plot of land When, when I, when I think about it, I got three defensive tackles, right? Yeah. 3, 3, 3, 3 defensive tackles that were not only weight room strong, but on the field it showed up as well. And then their, their first step quick as hell. Now watching Jalen Carter, he's one that's, that's been able to do it. Aaron Donald Weight room strong. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Also his quickness a Technical a a technical savage. Yes. With a quick, with a quick step.


I got two more for you though. Who Do you got? Remember Big Sam Adams? Oh yeah. I remember I played with, I played with Hammer Man. Big Sam had one of the, one of the quickest first steps man to be that size, but also weight room strong. Yes. And the one take the K the only man I've ever seen put 40 fives on the big bar to where it is. It is no room left. And you can't put no more on there with the quickest first step as well. Yeah. That goddamn wo folk man. What? And then he up under the bench talking, holding the conversation and with all the plate, the Bart bending. Wow. War ain't even straight no more.


He got all the 45 from the, I don't even know how much it was having people in the chat. If, you know, if you lift weights, you could tell me, please tell me how much we have all the 40 fives on the bench bar where you can, you, you can't put no on there. He holding the conversation with me. We in the weight room and he talking to me and slow. I'm not talking about bringing it down and coming back up right away. I'm talking about slow. What the hell you beat? What man I love, Hey, watching him, you know, obviously watching Jalen Carter, like I said, I, I was disappointed in him because I thought he ji this last year. Right. He know he's gonna be a top pick. The Eagles got a bargain. The Eagles should have never been able to get him at 10.


But he had some, he had some issues, he had some red flags, got a couple, you know, some trouble with the law and speeding and the situation. Yeah. He got himself into some trouble, but he supposed to had been the number one overall pick. That's how good he is. That's how good he is. Damn. That's, that's the kind of ability that he has. And I, and I think now he's starting to learn it. Hopefully Fletcher, Fletcher Cox who was, was there and retired ahead. Hopefully he got an opportunity to talk to him and said, son, you can be, look, you got Reggie wife's potential. Everybody know what Reggie, the minister of the defense, everybody know what Reggie was. Reggie brought it every game, every play, whether he was in Philly or he was in Green Bay, he retired, came back for his last year, played one year in, in Carolina.


People don't realize that Reggie played a year in Carolina because he, you know, he had at that point in time, I think he had retired. Him and his wife Sarah had got a place on Lake Norman. Man, Jaylen Carter, this Eagles team was gonna be a, everybody thought they was gonna be going to Detroit. They was like, no, we got the a c we got the NC championship game on our field and we got a team. It's gonna be a great game. Yeah, it's gonna be a great game. Because both games were close. Both games were close, don't you? Yeah. They won by eight on their field and then Washington ended up winning. And that last and sudden death with, with wasn't overtime, but they end up winning on the last second when he threw that touchdown pass for like four or five seconds.


And the thing with Washington is because of their quarterback ocho, they believe they got a chance because look how many games that they won on the last possession. Yeah. The last throw of the game. So we don't believe we out of any game long as we got that Guy. Yeah. It's gonna be a good one. I wonder, I wonder what the weather, I wonder what the weather's gonna be like. But you know, in DC bad DC Yeah. Cold. Yeah, DC and just as cold, bad. Really just as cold. Yeah. You'll get you, you'll probably get, you probably get, I mean it started the game. Look at the field how it look like. Ooh, it's just gonna be cold and next thing you know, No snow. Yeah. Not so it's pro, it's probably gonna be that next week. Same thing.


OCHO Eagles fans showed up outside the Rams team hotel today and started trash talking to players this morning. This comes after LA's Jared verse said last week that he hates Philly and all their fans, Jalen Carter approached verse pregame offered to put the championship game bonus on the line verse decline. Yeah. Listen and verse might have verse might've talked this trash, but boy did it. Well, he showed up today. Well, he gonna be defensive rookie of the year. He Showed up today, he verse showed up today as much, as much. That's, that's Listen, as a team, the team didn't win. But when you talk trash like that before a game, he backed it all up.


Oh yeah. He backed it all up with his play. He was all over the place. He was gay. Jayla hears hell, I like, I like Jayla Carter, Jayla Carter. Hey you calling this? Put your, put your shit bonus up, Money up. Put your money up. He wasn't gonna do that. Oh, I was just playing. Nah man. Nah, I was just playing with your man. You know, I be, yeah. Anyway, you know, as a rookie, you ain't putting that money on the line, Uhuh. Yeah. Nah, Uhuh don't Play that. What, I mean, what did it get 77 grand for? Winning, winning today? Yeah. Everybody, you know when, when you get to the playoffs, everybody's checking. Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't like, I I don't like that I'm taking a play cut because I know my check, I know my check look like in a regular season. Yeah. And y'all give me what it, first of all, it wasn't near this Right.


What I played. So you could just imagine what I went to that I was, I retired 20 years ago Ocho So you could know the checks wasn't nowhere near this. So I definitely would've been, I wouldn't have bet. Oh, I would've bet. Like Green Bay. 'cause they was talking that ish. Oh, I definitely would've bet all them bu bums, right? I I definitely would've bet all them for sure. Man, it's gonna be a, it's gonna be a great game game. It's gonna be a game. I don't know if who, who had this, if you who had Washington and Philly on your bingo card in the NFC championship, I think a lot of teams had bought, they might have had Philly, they might have had Philly in it. Exactly.


But not Washington. No. Everybody either had Kansas City, you had some combination. Kansas City, Buffalo, Kansas City, Baltimore, Baltimore, Buffalo. That was the combination that you had in the A FC. So I don't think anybody's surprised that we see Buffalo and Kansas City. I think there's a lot of people in shock other than people like, you know, earthquake Quaker is a big Washington fan. Right? You know, there are a lot of people that, that are, that are, that are commander fans that grew that like, man, man, I'm tired of this losing somebody.


I think somebody asked me today, man, we got a chance. I'm like, yeah, you got a chance. It's a football game. But I wasn't gonna put no money on Washington, not against Detroit. The Volume.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd Nan Bur here to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason Deir here. And after playing 700 NHL games, I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love. Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on. Let Tabla Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


What's up everyone? It's Justin Pennick from John Boy Media, the host of the Football Today podcast with Bobby Skinner and Chris Rose. We roll three times a week on Mondays, on Wednesdays, on Fridays. Breaking down everything you need to know about the NFL. We're gearing up for the NFL playoffs. I hope you can join us. Join in with us three times a week. Listen to football today on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts and you will be glad you did.


Hey, it's Bobby Bones. Join me and former NFL quarterback Matt Castle every Wednesday for our new podcast. Lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle. Between us, we have over 17,500 passing yards. Multiple New York Times bestsellers and one mirror Ball trophy from Dancing With a Star. So where else you gonna find a show with that much athleticism and football insight? We talk sports, but we talk pop culture and music and a little bit of everything. Listen, have lots to say with Bobby Bones and Matt Castle on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.