
This is an iHeart podcast. Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches and low or moderate income census tracts. Also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC. Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time Enter Chumba Casino with no download required.


You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No Purchase necessary V GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply. Okay, have you heard about this last year degree? Changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. The fans rebelled and one of the old sent back and degree listen, and that doesn't happen often. They admitted, they effed up at our bringing their original cool rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. There's a reason why it's the number one men's enter per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4.


So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, target and try to og. Cool rush for yourself. Are You still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card based on the February, 2024 Nielsen report. The volume Ocho we've got Breaking news.


Hey Dana. White announces how you feel. John Jones has retired from the USC on a phone call last night. Ocho, let's take a listen to what Dana had to say. John Jones called us last night and retired. John Jones was officially retired. Tom Aspenal is the heavyweight champion of the UFC. Really? That simple? He said John Jones called him last night and said he was officially retired. He says, okay, John Jones is officially retired. Tom Aspenal is now the new heavyweight champion of the UFC. Damn. I think John's what, 37? 38. He was the youngest. Youngest. He was the youngest UFC heavyweight champion at 21.


Yeah, he's 37 in in my book. He's the greatest UFC fighter fighter in history. I know. Look, I know JGSP George St. Pierre had was phenomenal. Yes, Anderson Silva was phenomenal. Amani Mouse, Demetrius Johnson was phenomenal. But when you had the totality of it and the guys in which he beat. Yeah. Hey unc, I don't think anybody will argue that. I don't think anybody that, that, that is a fan of combat sports or just a casual fan in general will argue that John Jones is the greatest UFC fighter of all time. There, there, there, there's no way you can argue better.


He had a great career, a great, great career. I'm sad to see him go. There's somebody that was talking trash, I can't think of their name and that they, the video from a year ago just came, came about that was Espinol That said, I'm gonna get John Jones retired without him Fighting me. That was, that was Espinol. He said that on Hellani. You know, you, You know what, what's funny is I, I think at some point, I think knowing John Jones, knowing the competitor that he is, I think he gonna come back for one more fight. I think he gonna come back for one more fight. Just to put that young, that young individual that thinks he really wants that smoke. Yeah. And give him exactly what he want.


I can, I can feel it. I can feel it. 'cause every time a fighter says he retiring, what's the one thing they come back and do? Fight with the money. The money gonna be right. I guarantee you watch book it. Yeah. I mean Bones man. He has no weakness. He could wrestle, he could strike, he could submit you. He was good on his feet. He was good at, he was good on the ground. I mean, he's phenomenal. The the matches that he had with chro, the Gusteson, Lido Sida. I mean, hey, like I said, look, IIII don't follow it as much as I used to, but I, and I know I understand UFCI know George St. Pierre and I know Mighty Miles, Demetrius Johnson and I know Anderson Silva.


They had great runs. Nothing like this. No, Nothing like this. No. You know, it listed longevity. Its longevity. Is that of LeBron James? Yes. I'm not comparing one years. I'm just saying for, for combat sports in an octagon. Right. That type of longevity. Longevity and being successful at it. The In game. They don't have no long runs like this ojo in the fight game. Listen, when anything can I put, He had a 20 win, a 20 win fight streak. Now a 20 win fight streak. You know how difficult that is in combat sports? MMA for that matter. I mean, think about it. How ran through Serial gone in the heavyweight division? Reay missed me Stipe. Now I know Steve a was a little older.


Him and Carl Daniel Kir had had tremendous fights. But Babe Yeah, man. Yeah. That's crazy. Hey, I shoot man. This might be it. Is he, You know who finna get that work? Huh? Nah, you don't want that kinda work on Joe. I ain't talking. I ain't there. I'm not. Listen, I'm talking. No, don't, I'm, I'm, yeah, I About that, that, that, that cage, that cage d different than that square. Yeah. I, I feel you, I'm talking, I'm talking about about what I ain't heard from James Harrison in a minute. You doing all right? We talk to him. Yeah, he doing fine. Okay. I'm just making sure he good man. I, I hope he working. I've Been, I've been working, You know, Jim said, You know, Jim's was saying something very interesting about, and, and, and about with Nas.


Say, nah, he got that a hundred million. Yeah. I mean, look at ho ho. You don't see ho in the booth all the time. It's gotta mean something to him. When you get that kinda money. You, I mean, I would like to Think you trying to like get to a certain level. Right. And now, now it's gotta it's gotta really, I mean it's gotta really move. I mean, HOV ain't just getting in a, could he Duke, he gotta start with music. But, You know, ho for so many other things other than music Business, he's a businessman. A He's a business, a businessman. Yes. So Nas the investments you read about the, the investments that NAS has made and like the desire to get in there and, and, and, and probably get into the studio, it probably doesn't exciting like it once did and that's okay.


It's okay. And the funny thing about it, if Jay-Z is one of those individuals despite today's hip hop Yeah. And the sound of it, I think he could still come out and be successful, I think. Yeah. The one thing that's important, because he's so good lyrically and he's a lyricist. The one thing that has to be very, very important, just hypothetically speaking, if Jay-Z was to make an album, now is the beat. Yeah. The beats. The beats have to be captivated for today's sound. I I, me personally, I think now he don't really have, he don't really have the desire to do a full album. He would would prefer to jump on somebody else's, like when DJ Khaled got him, Wayne and, and Ross.


Yeah. I think he's more apt to do something like that ocho as a problem as opposed to his own project. Right. Right. Maybe if we say, Hey bro, I need you, I need you on this track. Something like that. But for him to just, to take the time to get into the studio all on his own, and I, I don't, I don't see that in him. And, and You know, like, it's like Conor McGregor, once he had that fight, think about it. Once he had that fight with Floyd Mayweather, he got a hundred million all of a sudden, You know, getting up, getting kicked in the face and getting elbowed in the head didn't seem appealing. Yeah. And he, and he ain't really fought a much and he didn't win a whole lot since. And the funny thing about it is his businesses outside of the gon go, well, he doesn't even need to come back and fight.


Right. He still, he still trains his ass off. Yeah. As if he's ready to fight. I'm, I'm, I'm not sure what's going on with that, but hey, he's, he's, he's one of the greatest fighters of all time and being able to transition in turning, going from the octagon to business into millions. That's why, You know, I take my hat off to Floyd Mayweather 'cause even though he was making 20 and 30 million a fight, he still trained like he was broke. And that's why I I, I say that about Floyd and I say that, but I say that about any athlete. You look at LeBron, you look at Brady, you look at Manning, you look at these guys, Jordan, Kobe guys that's making millions, millions. I mean, you see the work now and you see the way they still go about it and they, they they, they play and they train as if they were flat ass broke.


Yeah. Yeah. Be it, be it Ronaldo or Messi or, or I Mbae or Harlem. I mean it did, I mean, You know, we, we talk about LeBron. I mean, but you look at, look at Mahome, look at Lamar Jackson. Look at these guys that's making millions and they steal you like bro, they, they, they, they train and they play as if they're broke. Like they're trying, like they're trying to get in. And this is a, the UFC that's a very unforgiving sport Because you don't see guys, You know, hold on the belts for years and years and years because Dana White won't let you duck anybody you don't chair, you don't cherry pick. They tell you who the hell you gonna fight. So it's not like in that division, like, nah, I'm gonna fight the number 10 contend contender, I'm gonna fight the number eight Now Dana say you gonna fight the number one contender, you gonna fight the number two contender.


Right. That's why people I think really love the MUFC is because ain't no ducking in Dodging. Nope. It ain't no, ain't no selection. You ain't picking no. Oh, I can beat him. Oh yeah. And Dana and that, that, that his board, they know, nah bro, you gonna get in here. And I give John credit. I mean, You know, people gonna say, well he retired 'cause he didn't fight Aspenall. But I know for about a few, almost two decades, he fought everybody they put in front of him, everybody they put in front of him from Gus Gusteson to Cormier to Sugar, all of them. It didn't matter. Hey, one, one thing about it is I've, I've always ha I've heard, always heard the gripes, I've always heard the rumblings about the, the pay in UFC not being that great, not being what it should be for, for what these these guys are doing and, and putting their bodies and, and, and life's on the line every time they step in Octagon.


But I'm telling you, mark, my words Jim Jones book, I mean Jim Jones, John Jones, John John John Jones will come back and fight again against, what's his name again? Huh? John Bones Jones. What's the, Yo, I know that, but what's the guy that said he was gonna retire without Oh, aspenall. Tom Espinol Brother Aspenal is gonna get that fight he looking for and Dana White's gonna make it a payday. He ain't gonna make it a payday for John Jones to come outta retirement. So that fight can happen. It's gonna be a, it's gonna be a mega fight. You think so? IG absolutely, absolutely. One last hoorah.


One last hoorah. Yeah, I, I mean who would you say, I mean the guy done done everything. I mean, what more, I mean he a two division champ, light heavy. Yeah. And heavyweight, he dominated that division. I mean, I mean people can say, well Reyes beat him or this guy or that guy that, look, all I know is that he lost the fight, but he was disqualified. 'cause I think he elbowed somebody when they was down or he did something. But as far as like they beat him on the scorecard or something like that without the dq, that's never happened. Right. He's special, like I said, the most complete fighter because he has no weakness.


He can do it all. He could wrestle you, he could strike you on his feet, he could submit you. He was great on the ground. He was, I mean he was an all around fighter, had great defense and when he needed to dig deep, he could dig deep, he could dig, he could absolutely dig deep. And there's, there's a reason why Dana, when they say, well who's the, the greatest fighter in UFC? There's no hesitation. John Jones both Complete Fighter John Jones and GSP special, You know, Usman had a great run. GSP, like I said, Anderson s Silver, there've been some guys that had 10, You know, 10 13 match win streak.


Right. Like John, no, he's just, he's phenomenal At that 20, that 20 at 25 win streak game going, it's gonna stand, it's gonna stand for a while. It's gonna stand for a while. Yeah. Special special fighter. But breaking news, Dana White announces that John Jones called, phoned him last night and said he was officially retired from the, the UFC and in that motion, Dana White did the only thing that he could do, declare Tom Aspenal the UFC heavyweight champion. So, and, and like I said, John had probably only fought what, two times in the last three years. I mean, he beat Cyril gone and he beat tpe, but those fights was probably a year, You know, 300 8400 days apart.


Yeah. So he hadn't fought a whole lot in the last three to four years. And, but that just goes to show you just how great he is. Think about that Ocho, the amount of time that he took off and he ran through Cyr gone. Yeah, he did. He did. And then he did a spinning back kick to the liver of, of Stipe and got him outta there. Yeah. And many believe Stipe is the greatest heavyweight champion ever. And he made mince meat of it. Mm. Legend. Well, we can honestly say he went out on top. Heck he he did. He did. And he gonna do what Every other fighters is done.


I'm telling you, I'm retiring little bit down the line, I'm coming back. Alright. Does Mike McCarthy deserve way more respect? We look at Mike McCarthy and Mike Tomlin. We gonna put the graph up there. Ocho both have coached 18 season. Both have 12 playoff appearances. Eight division titles for McCarthy, seven for Tomlin. 1111 playoff record for McCarthy eight and 11 playoff record for Tomlin. Ooh. It's funny, it's funny when you put that graphic up there, put that graphic up there like that. Yeah. Most of MacArthur success was where? Over there, over there in Green Bay. Huh? Back Yeah. O over there Practice. But he did probably win what, he won like two, two titles or two division titles in Green Bay.


But I obviously it wasn't enough. It wasn't enough what he was able to do in Green Bay. It didn't transition over, over in Dallas the way it should have. I Mean, bro, You know, I mean, you didn't, you didn't have number 12 either. No, He coached Brett Favre too. So he had, he coached guys that won't, You know. Well, at the time that he coached him, they won five MVPs. Right? Well, he didn't want all the, he didn't, he coached Brett Favre, but Brett won those MVPs on re but he had them, he did Coach Brett f he did Coach Aren Rogers two MVPs won a Super Bowl with him. He just, I just think he underachieve, I mean, 'cause he had some really good teams at, at, at Dallas and for whatever reason they couldn't get past the division round of the playoffs.


They, they flamed out his first year there. They had the best, had the number one seed and Green Bay came in and beat him as a matter of fact, green Bay, it beat him four, three times. Yeah. Damn. That defense, that defense let him down. Every time. Every time. Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway, it's oral care month, which means you can earn four times points on all your favorite oral care brands now through July 15th. Shop in store or online for items like Colgate toothpaste, Listerine mouthwash, crest mouthwash or toothpaste, Sensodine toothpaste. Hello Toothpaste or GUM flossers and earn four times points. Points can be redeemed for future discounts on gas or groceries. Offer ends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details. Let's be honest, most of us have a love-hate relationship with wired bras. We love the lift, but hate the digging. We love the support, but hate feeling trapped.


Well, Nick's just changed everything with Free Flex. A wired bra actually designed to work with your body not against it. Free Flex features a revolutionary flexible wire that moves when you move bends when you bend and keeps everything exactly where you want it. No poking, no stabbing, no constant readjusting, just freedom to move. It also has a demi cup shape for a natural lift with a lower neck line that flatters in everything from V next to Dresses. And because it's from Nicks, it's available in sizes for every body experience. The first wired bra you'll actually want to wear all day. Visit nicks.com for 15% off your order with free Flex 15.


That's KNI x.com Code free Flex 15 for 15% off knicks.com. This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two. Can't afford Ozempic try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the e and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Titan's, quarterback Jarvis Brownlee takes shot at coach quarterback Anthony Richardson responding to a video of Richardson rapping. Brownlee tweeted Andie on the clock for this. BS A FC got, I guess, I guess he rapped while he was at the University of Florida. He had a a name and everything. I I don't know anything about that. Like I said, Real, I don't, I don't, yeah, I ain't know anything about that either. Oh, he just Released the rap video ocho. Oh he did? Yeah. Okay. I'm listen. Ain't ain't nothing wrong with that. You know, You know, ain't nothing wrong with that. Now. Now listen, when you, when you have other hobbies that you like to Do, you better be good at the main, the Fame they pay you for. I was, I just getting ready to say that, but hey, on you YouTube, the words right out my mouth. You took the words right out my mouth.


Now they got Brother Daniel Jones over there. Right. You hear me? They got brother Daniel Jones over there who they just paid $14 million for one year most of the time. Now you, you you, you got a player that is making way more than you and you supposed to be the starter, which lets me know, you need to be on your P's and Q's, all your I need to be dotted and all your t's need to be crossed. This is the make or breaker year for Anthony Richards. Absolutely. This is the make breaker year. Anthony Richardson goes by the name GVO, which stands for Gainesville Own. He released a P song called Villain. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ain't nothing wrong with the villain. You know, the villain, the villain make history, Like I said, the make, you could have a lot of hobbies, but the thing that you get paid for, you better be good at that.


Hey. Yeah. At all times. And that go for everybody in the chat. Whatever you decide to do outside your your job, you gotta keep the main thing the main thing. Main thing. The main thing. Main thing. The main thing at all times. Because You know, sometimes like guys, you gotta realize, bro, you a football player, you keep on fing you a celebrity. You not, you not in no movies, you're not in no TV shows. You ain't got none of that. You are a football player. Hey, hey, You know one thing they will do, one thing they do and one of the problems that I do have with, with this era and, and players having social media, they more focused on their brands. They focus on their brands first before it come time to play. You know, play football, Your brand winning, winning The gonna take care of itself.


You handle your business in between them white lines and that green grass. Yes. The brand will taking care of itself. You wanna maximize, you wanna maximize your potential off the field, cut a fool on it and watch what Happened. That's how, that's how it works. But I look, I just want a young man, I think he has some talent. Yeah. You know, he has a great arm, but he needs to take it a little bit more seriously. He needed to work on his craft, but it was hard to, You know, you look at his, You know, six, four, half, 6 5, 2 40 could run. Like he could run, had the arm talent. But it's more to this being a physical specimen. Ocho quarterback is a lot more than that. That be, he could be the least athletic guy and they mostly of the time are now obviously, You know, they're the situation where you get a Lamar.


That's right. But for the most part here and here, what you got. Yeah. And the funny thing about it is, You know, you heard what you just said. It was very interesting what you just said. The most non-athletic guy. Most of the time they have to work extra, extra hard in other areas. Yep. To make up for what they lack in athleticism, in speed. They gotta beat you here. Yep. And with the arm as opposed to everything else. Guys that have the most think about guys that have the most passing yards. Brady, he ain't got no big arm. Drew Rees, he ain't got no big arm paid Manning. He ain't got no big arm. It came from worth the dam. Nope, Nope.


LeBron debuts his limited edition. Char Mill Ocho. You getting one of the LeBron's Char Mill? Lemme see, lemme see. Lemme see what that thing look like. Lemme see. Lemme see what that thing look like. Nah, that's too big. That's, that's too big. I, I like, I like, I like the R 71 0 1 72, 72 0 1. It Look like it got his, if I'm not mistaken, look, I guess guy got his king logo, his crown. Yeah. Okay. Okay. It's a nice piece. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's nice. Think he said it. I I think I I I saw he said it was one of one 50. Mm Because I know they did, they did some thing. They did. They got one a collab with Travis Scott, the cactus jack one with the strap.


I think they did. Bubba Watson did one. I think Raphael Na Doll. Right. Those are some of the guys that I think off the top of my head. I think they did a, I think another Formula one driver might have did a collab with him. I'm not sure. I mean, it's a nice piece. Yeah, it is. It is. I am, I don't, I don't not not really a fan of the, the loud yellow, but yeah, I mean it's cool. It's cool. I stick to, i, I stick to my RM 67 0 1. I like the thin, thin, very, very thin look like you ain't really wearing nothing.


Ocho you said I met Deandre Jordan today. I'm not as tall as I thought I was. And that was quite upsetting. Hey Ocho. Yeah. Damn man. You on your tiptoes and you still barely to the man chin. I Ain't on my tiptoes. Yeah you Are. I can see him. You know we can see down at the bottom. Right. I'm, I'm out on my, I'm on. Yeah, you on your tiptoes. Oh time. Nah, I'm out on my That's the way the floor, that's the way the floor is. Yeah, I know. Yeah. That's the way the floor is. It just looked like That. Why his, why his feet ain't like that? I, he got on socks, don't he? He got on. Yeah, he got on flats. You on your tiptoes and you still, I mean, I'm right there. I'm, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm about, I'm about six five.


How, how how tall? How tall you think he is? Like six 10? Yeah. Them Hey, them boys tall. They tall. Hey, they be tall for Him boy. Tall man. Yeah, They be tall. For real man. I see you gotta pick with Mellow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That song Mellow. I saw his You on your toes there. Damn. Mocho be okay with your mic. I ain't on to, I ain't. Yes. You want Mocho people can feed. Oh no, no. That's my shoe. That's the what's called my Shoe. I know why Melo Shoes ain't like that. Oh, I don't think he, he don't use them. Orthopedic. What? Orthopedic. You got a picture with Draymond? Your on your toes again? No, I'm not, me and Draymond the same height.


Go pull up, pull the one up with Draymond. Me and Draymond the same height. Oh look, Hey go down. Scroll down to his feet. Go pull that down. Look at her on your toes again. We done, You know, been on three different surfaces. I'm not on my toe. It's the orthopedics. Yeah. I could pay them. Orthopedic shoes. Normally orthopedics only one. Normally people that got the orthopedic shoe they's on one foot. It ain't on both of them. Oh nah. It on mine. It on both Of, yeah. You got that Mr. McAfee, you got that back feet going on.


Oh, Lemme run you back, boy. Don't you tell to chat about, about Sports Beach and can Hey. But, but anyway, anyway, chat. I had the opportunity to go to, to Sport Beach, go to cans. Cans, all the, all the big brands, the CMOs, the CEOs. I had the opportunity to speak on panels about, about branding, about marketing. How the Ochocinco name came about. It was very, very interesting. I think the, I think the chat, you guys might not, might not even know the story where Ochocinco came about, but I'm gonna just tell you real quick. The name change happened, I think it was 2007 if I'm not mistaken. We were playing that Atlanta Falcons, Carlson Palmer.


Carson Palmer had this idea it's you should change your last name. This is how it all started it. The ultra cinco thing didn't come from me. Carlson Palmer said it would be really funny if you change your name to OC Cinco because it, the month of September is Spanish Heritage Month in the NFL. I'm like, ah, that don't make no sense and it doesn't fit the name plate. It was, the name was too long. So I was like, You know what? I went to my equipment man who was robbed wrecker at the time. And I told Rob to put the Velcro over the C Johnson and I'm gonna put Ochocinco on there and go out and pre-game warm up, warm up and then have Carson rip it off before kickoff. Boom. I do it. I go out there with the Ochocinco before we played Michael V right before kickoff, Carson Palmer rips the name played off.


Boom. We go back to watch the film Monday morning. I have a FedEx envelope in my locker. I got fined by the N-F-L-N-F-L find me $50,000 for altering the NFL uniform. So what do I do? Like any other player? I appealed the fine, the NFL upheld the fine. So they took $50,000 out my check. So to piss the NFL off, I said, You know what, I'm gonna wait till the season in and I'm gonna change my name on purpose as a f you to the NFL to pissed them off. Now put that last name on all my journey since you wanna take my 50 grand. And that is how the brand and the marketing strategy behind OCHO single came about. I didn't really, really think about it long term and I didn't really have a vision like, like it turned into now, but it's more a, a jab back to the NFL and it turned into so big.


That is still on very, very well to this day. Yeah. And I just wanna thank, I, I wanna thank Roger Goodell for pissing me, You know, for, for pissing me off. And he, who I am, who I am today. And outside of that, I just met some great people, great CEOs, CMOs, sat down, had a lot of conversations, understanding how the business works, on how deals get done, deals get done, get out out there in Kansas. It was phenomenal. I got to see Kevin Hart's Netflix special that's coming out very soon. I thought it was gonna be the same material, but it was brand new. It was brand new material, brand new set. You guys are gonna enjoy that a lot. A lot of people have been up and down about, about Kevin Hart and, and and his comedy.


But he was, it was funny. It was funny. And he's always been funny to me. Some people, You know, complain so much about him not being the same, but you Can't be as everybody. Yeah. I you, you can't. Hey, but uncle, listen. But when I tell you funny, I don't wanna, I don't wanna spoil nothing or, or ruin the jokes or No. He funny in real life though, man. You know, been around him a little bit. I went to his place to see his, his, his, his cars. I like him. Yeah. Hardwork. I mean, he's a hard, he a hardwork. You know what man? He deserves everything that he gets. He works his ass off. Hey, he talks about a certain individual that is a superstar player in his respective craft. And I don't know if they friends or not.


I don't know if it was a, that was part of the joke or, or if he told a person ahead of time that I'm gonna make funny of my show. Right. Boy, I'm you talking about personal To him up? Yeah. Hey look, listen to him up the whole show in certain parts. Right. It, hey, I, You know, I mean, listen, when it comes out, y'all see it. Y'all understand what I'm talking about. I, I don't wanna ruin it. But it it was good. It was good. Alright Guys, it's time for our final segment of the evening. It is time for q and a. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said, Hey fam, glad to see you back. Ocho, we missed you.


No, we didn't. Reem Abdullah won. He said, what's good Nightcap. Shannon, I wanted to ask you, did you ever watch Fred Williamson and Carl Weathers played football before they turned active? If so, were they any good? Fred Williamson name was the hammer. And I Think you can understand why he got that, that na that nickname I, I don't, I I just saw highlights. I don I don't remember them. I don't remember Fred Williamson or Carl Withers playing, but I just saw clips of, of Fred Williamson and he was, his nickname was the Hammer.


So if the defensive back and they call you the hammer, that's, that's it. Yeah. That's it. Ocho, glad to have you back, bro. I'm glad you have a good time. Glad you got an opportunity to go over there and, and, and mingle and to see how this thing worked. You know, it's not easy man. You know, you meet with a lot of people and sometimes if you could just, you meet with 15, if you could just get 10, 15% of those deals to close that, that's success. And, and you, You know how I am. You, you, You know me and people in the chat. If you've met me before in person, if you met me before in person, You know how I react to you when I see you and I act like I've known you 30 years.


I done surprised some of them. People, they were like, man, what the hell? They could have had a hundred meetings. UNC and I swept for God. Those, those, those higher, those people, those higher execs, those CEOs and ceo, they could have had a hundred meetings. I guarantee there's one person they remember when they leave there, just off the me just being authentic, authentically me. I ain't never had nobody walk up and just hug me out the blue. Like, oh yeah, this, this speed. It's, it's different. So I'm excited. I represented us as a whole because everyone talked about Nightcap, everyone asked about you how things were going. I told 'em every, everything is going good. So I represented us very, very well.


Very, very well in a space where I had no choice but to be serious. Not like I'm on Nightcap. Completely different person, let it be. Alright, thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. We want to thank our special guest, Ricky Williams. Join us at the top of hour and then Jim Jones, our man. Yeah, we had a great time. Hey, I'm sure. Hey Jim, You know, you, you got what you wanted. You wanted the trend and so we gonna be definitely gonna be trending. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite, UNC Shannon Sharpe, my partner and co-host back from Cairnes. Liberty City is on bingo ring of Fame art, the pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit the like button. And guys, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank you all for following us, for supporting us from the very beginning, all the way through, you stood by us and allowed us to grow in ways we never thought we could so fast. And because of your eyes, because of your ears and your word of mouth, we want to thank you from the bottom of our heart, all of us Ocho, I and everybody at Nightcap, thank you for helping us become what we become. Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock. If you can't find it in a city or a state near you, order it online. We'll ship it directly to your door.


It's a premium VSOP cognac. It is the best cognac on the market. I promise you, you try it. You will not be disappointed. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, Shehe Media, and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The link is pinned in the chat supplies are limited and once they're gone, they're gone. So please grab yours while supplies last. Again. Thanks Ricky Williams for joining us tonight. Jim Jones, thank you and continued success. The music, and on the movie ocho. Glad to have you back from France. We'll see you tomorrow after game seven. We're about to crown a new champion.


Will it be the OKC Thunder or will it be the Indiana Pacers? Somebody is gonna win their first NBA title. Hey sirs, Hop up Hecho. See you tomorrow. Goodnight. The volume. Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts. Also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing.


Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC. Hey there, it's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway, it's oral care month, which means you can earn four times points on all your favorite oral care brands. Now through July 15th. Shop in store or online for items like Colgate toothpaste, Listerine mouthwash, crest mouthwash or toothpaste, Sensodine toothpaste. Hello Toothpaste or GUM Flossers and earn four times points. Points can be redeemed for future discounts on gas or groceries. Offer Friends July 15th. Restrictions apply. Offers may vary. Visit safeway.com for more details. This is Jenny Garth from idu. Part two. Can't afford Ozempic.


Try WEGOVY from Future Health. Just $199 and FDA approved for weight loss, no insurance or tricky syringes needed. Just results. Visit future health.com. That's future without the E and start losing weight this week. Future health weight loss data based on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Hello, it is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps, You know, all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses.


So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's cmba casino.com. Prohibited and I.