
Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan RK to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Firkin Demers. Jason Mers here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week we will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks. We're talking movies. We're talking tv, food, and N ad's. Favorite wrestling. It's all on lit tabla. Listen To NHL unscripted with V and Demers and the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Anya Packer, a former pro hockey player, and now a full Madison Packer. Stan Anya and I met through hockey, and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four, and We are excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Puck on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Happy Holidays from me, Michael Rappaport. And my gift to you is a free subscription to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast, where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics, and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it, and there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Listen to the IM Rap Report stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast. And wherever you get your podcast,


The Volume, The Emirates NBA Cup is here, you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBH Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers BET $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports Book every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draft Kings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for staying up late with us and staying around for Nightcap. I am your favorite. UNC Oceania Sharp. He is Liberty City's own route runner extraordinaire, bingo, ring of Fame honoree, the legendary, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Thank you guys. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you 'cause you stay up late with us and no matter when we come on, you are with us. So thank you very, very much. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. The holidays are upon us. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter?


Now if you cannot find it in a city or a state near you, just order it online and we'll get it to you asap. Now remember, the cutoff is December 18th to make sure you get it by December 30th, December the 18th, to make sure you receive it by December 30th. And one more thing please, Drake responsibly, go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest release just dropped last week. We've got shirt sweats. We've also released some stocking stuffers such as beanies, cruises, and mugs. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last.


Tickets for the Super Bowl Show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now the link is pinned at the top of the chat. It's February 6th in New Orleans. Be there. You don't wanna miss this. Ocho the rockets are headed to Las Vegas still alive for the semi-finals of the Emirates Cup as they stormed back and beat the Golden State Warriors. This is the first time they've beaten the Warriors since the pandemic 2020. They had been 15, the Warriors had been 15 and oh against Rockets. But hey, rockets Day, we don't, we weren't on those teams. We're here now as they storm back from as many as seven down to win 91 90 on a very controversial call late in the ball game or tie up.


A lot of players were calling Time out. Even the coach call time timeout. Yeah. But Bill Kennedy, who's the head official, overruled 'em all and said, Hey, Minga had filed Jalen Green, green goes to the line calmly Saints two free throws, and that was the margin of victory. 91 90 as they head to the head to Las Vegas to play. I think they played OKC, right? Yeah. They played OKC. Yeah. In the semifinals. And then Milwaukee, we're gonna talk about this game a little later. The Hawks also beat the n The Hawks beat beat the Knicks. Yeah.


Hey, yes. Hey, the goddamn warriors man, you know, them boys got championships. I mean, they too experienced, you know, latent games. Even making these kind of mental errors, man, they've been in these situations before. I don't, maybe just a, a lapse in judgment, you know, at at the, at the end of the games. I mean, what, what, what's the issue do you think? Maybe they not taking it serious? Oh, they're taking as serious. I think the thing is is that Gary Peyton, I second in that situation. Just hold onto the ball. Get tied up. Yeah. I mean, you throwing it, because first of all, you are throwing it, you shoveling the ball out and you know, you don't know what's gonna happen. Like I said, I don't know if I'm calling a foul in that situation, ocho.


Right, right. I see a bunch of guys in red calling timeout. The coaches are calling also calling a timeout and for him to overrule because the other guys had given, the other officials had given him a timeout. Right. But because Bill Kennedy is the head official, they're gonna look to him and he says, Hey, I got a foul, pulled him over his shoulder. Now I didn't see that. Right. I, I didn't see that egregious of a call and definitely in that spot. Now, hey, go back, you can make a call or file is a foul no matter what time of the game that it occurs in. Right. But it's hard for, in a situation like that, OCHO it seems like it was a tie up. It's at worst case scenario, it's a tie up. Best case scenario, the Houston Rockets get, well, the Houston Rockets got the best case scenario.


They got a foul call and the guy went to the line and made both free throws. But that's a very, very tough spot to be in. That's a very tough way to lose a ball game when you had seeds, control of the ball game late in the ball game had made a lot of plays. Right. But give the rocket some credit OCHO because they did a great job. There were a lot of times they got 24 second, 24 second shot shot clock violation because they did an outstanding job right. Of defense. They were switching everything. They got nothing easy. They contested everything. So let's not just make it about that last call, although a lot of people wanna make it about the last call. Right? I thought the Rockets defense say the last two minutes of the ball game, maybe two and a half minutes was sensational.


Yeah. And this, the rocket, the rocket's a very, very young team, Very young team, Very, very young team. They play very well in transition, obviously like you did, you did say before some that most of the NBA doesn't play them boys play defense tonight. They boys they definitely Played defense when they needed to. Yeah. And it just, it just seemed like they wanted more though, huh? Yeah. That, that's why, that's why I said, damn my warrior is really taken it serious being that, you know, it's just the NBA cup and you know, their, their eyes and they mindset and they, they goals are set on, you know, obviously NBA championship. Yeah. It just looked like, yeah. But I think like young Wanted it more. You're this close to the cup. I mean, hey, you're in the knockout round now.


You played hard, you fought hard to get here. So I think everybody's taking it serious. You see, you see the Milwaukee, they said, look, we're not just here now. We, we, we know we just don't want to go to Vegas. We wanna win the thing. Right? Right. You see the hawks, the way they played, they go into New York, they were down and then they storm back in the second half and completely dominate the game. I think once you get so, once you get this close Yeah, it's something new, right. That they instituted try to keep, keep, keep the audience, try to get more viewers in. But I, I I think because it's an opportunity, you gonna get 500 each. A participant gets $500,000. Right. And you're the Emirates Cup. Hey, I don't have a problem with it. And I think those guys played hard, but you know, it was a sloppy game.


Yeah. I mean the, the Warrior shot shot 44% from the floor. The rocket shot 46% from the floor. The warrior shot 32% from the three, the rocket shot 22% from the three. Right. Neither team really got to the free throw line a lot. That's to be expected. The Warriors, because they don't really have an inside presence. They shoot a lot of threes even though they, yeah, they were 12 or 38 tonight. The rockets were six to 27. The Warriors was four nine from the free throw line, which is 44%. The rockets were nine of 10, which is 90%. But like I said, it was a sloppy game. Didn't have a whole lot of flow to it.


I mean, think about it, it was 91, 90, 91. 91 to 90 was the final score and routinely we're used to seeing scores in the, in the hundreds. Right, right. So yeah, it was, it was not a well played game. The court was really hard on the eyes. I hate the red court and the NB. No. Hell nah. Hell, you could barely find the basketball. And I get what the nbs try to do like some creativity, but Right. Red, red ain't, I mean, come on man. All red. Yeah. It's kinda like watching the boys in state football, you know, game and that blue field east, I think it's Eastern Washington. They have red turf. Red turf. Yeah. I'm Like, nah, Nah. Yeah, I, I like it. It, it was different.


It was different, you know, seeing something different outside of the, you know, the, the, the hard the hardwood, the color coordination to go with the teams based on where you playing at. I, I, I like it, you know, little something different. Yeah. You old unc you old school man, you just, you know. Nah, I mean, look, some of 'em I can get down with. Look, I, that, that look the grown, the grown folks watching the game, there ain't no kids. Right. And I get, you know, I get you trying to peak interest, but I mean that, that was a bit too much. I mean, man, I was like, damn, I'm about to get vertigo watching this jock this game. And man I got, Hey, I let me get up and go get me some water or something. Right. Hopefully nothing interesting happens while I'm gone. But yeah, that was a, that was a bit much. I mean look, I get the Lakers and the Warriors and Indiana, they got Yellow courts and things like that.


Some teams predominantly blue but all red. I mean, I mean the only thing that was gold on there was the basketball or the trophy. Right. That was a bit much for me. But look, the Rockets won this ball game because I felt they played really well. Really great defense. The last two, two and a half minutes of the ball game. They switched everything. They got like three shot clock violations and they forced him in some very difficult shots when they were able to get a shot off. They were very difficult shots clanging off the backboard. They did a great job of not letting Steph Curry shoot. See daylight. Now he did get one look, he missed it, but for the most part, I thought they did a very good job on step. Steph was eight or 17, 3 0 9 from the three.


Buddy Hill was six to 12, three or nine from the three. Gary Peyton II was O2 Minga. He got 20 shots up. He was eight or 22 or six from the three. He was the same, same thing from the free throw line. 2 0 6 Draymond was four or nine to oh two, no free throws. But for me this was a a, a really sloppy ball game. But the Rockets found a way to win it. And so you give these young guys credit because a lot of these guys haven't been in situation like this. And this is maturity, this is sign of growth that they're getting better. And I mean, doca is rubbing off on him because his personality, he seems like a fiery guy that hey, he of no nonsense.


Right. Hey, we here to get a job done, let's get the job done and then we can go on about our way. But give the Rockets credit. I mean Yeah, I know a lot of people's gonna harp on that last call, Ocho and I get it. Yeah. Because I'm watching. I'm like, damn. Two times. I mean it seemed like all the Rockets players were calling timeout. Even officials seemed like they were about to give 'em a timeout. And as I said, bill Kennedy who's the head official, he came in and said, no, that's a foul. And woo, that's a tough way to lose the game late in the ball game. Yeah. Two free throws with 3.1 second on the clock and give the young fellow credit, Jalen Green. 'cause he went to the free throw line and he sank both of them. Steve Kirk called the loose ball Foul that decided to gain 3.5 seconds left unconscionable whistle and something an elementary school official wouldn't have called.


I agree. Steve Kerr also said the Rockets NBA court, it felt like I was descending into the depths of hell. Yeah. It it was tough. It was tough. It it that that red, all red is, is tough. And I'm not the biggest red fan. Right, right, right. I I don't wear hell a whole lot of red, I just, when we was growing up, my grandfather really wouldn't get us anything red. 'cause he said only monkeys wore red, so damn. Nah, Barney didn't play that. Yeah. Listen, IIII, I enjoyed Red, I enjoyed the color Red man, you know, it's probably the best color in the color spectrum. One that I, one that I enjoy. So I enjoy, I personally enjoy seeing the red on the record.


It's, it's, it's, it's, it's time for something different. Obviously. I think the NBA's worried, worried about why viewership is down. Maybe that's one way. And, and maybe they do want to get the kids and, and the young kids watching the games to, to boost that viewership up, you know, as opposed Yeah, Because it's lagging. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, hell, dude, you got, Well, it, it doesn't help You gotta do baby. It doesn't help that A lot of times the best players, they're load managing. They're not playing. Yeah. Yeah. That's not good. I mean, you paying, I mean there's a, you paying a lot of money for these games, right? The NFL doesn't have that problem. Hell, they're trying to get guys out there on the court, on the field. If they're hurt. If you're ding if, if, if you can run just a little bit, they gonna get there.


Yeah. They, Yeah. They want TI Right. And and that's why, especially the superstars and that's what it is. O Joe. Hey, the 10th guy on the bench, he miss a game. Nobody cares. Right. It the superstars. Yeah. That's why they protect the quarterbacks. The quarterbacks. That's what people wanna see. They wanna see those guys. And you done got the guy knocked out for two or three weeks. Nah, the NFL ain't going for that. But that's something. 'cause I love Adam Silver. I think he's really great at what he does. Right? He's gonna have to find a way to make sure these guys play. They've tried to incentivize it. Like, look, you're gonna lose out of a chance to win the MVP or Rookie of the Year or all NBA, you gotta play 65 games.


And, and, and, and, and guys are like, bro, that's the difference between a $300 million contract, right? And 180 million, $200 million contract right now we're not talking about $5 million that Juan Soto gave up to, you know, got to go to the Mets. We're talking about a hundred million, right? 150 million. That's a, that's a big, big, big, big difference. Big difference. And so, but congratulations, Houston Rockets young Teen found a way to scratch and claw their way to a victory as they take down the Golden State Warriors. 91 to 90 and the first game of the night, the Hawks defeat the Knicks ice.


Three years after knocking the Knicks outta the playoffs with a pair of wins in Madison Square Garden. Young had 22 points and 11 assists that lifted the Atlanta Hawks over the New York Knicks in the NBA cup quarterfinals knockout round. The Hawks will face the bucks in the semifinals. Trey Young did his hot fever in the funk house rolling his dice on the Knicks logo as time expired, born in 54, died in 63. What's my point? Ah, Nina Ross, the gambling horse. Yeah. Nine. It is. Hey, but look, they really, honestly, I mean we know the out what the outcome of the game was, but goddamn Nixon was playing goddamn damn good in the first half. Man, they was living, they were, they they was, I mean, I I don't wanna say Trey, Trey Young was struggling, but man, they limited his playmaking ability as hell.


He ain't had he averaged 12 assists. Right? Yeah. But hell at the half, he ain't had nothing but two assists in 10 points going into the half god damn car. Carl Anthony towns out there playing both, both ends of the court. No, he, he, he playing well, shit, he had, I think he wasn't finished with a double double. Yeah. He had 19 to 19, He had double up in the goddamn first hand, 19 points, 19 rebounds. But his big gun, Jalen Brunson struggled. He was a five or 15 from the floor. He was two or six from the three. OG Enobi struggled. Five of 17, one of nine from the three Mikhail Bridges shot the ball really well, except from the three.


Yeah. He was nine or 17. And they didn't shoot the, they didn't shoot the free throw. They was 60% from the free throw line ocho. Yeah. And If you don't get there a bunch, you definitely gotta damn near be a hundred percent. Yeah. So there was nine or 15, not 60%, but it is just a situation where the big guns didn't go off. Right. See the thing that if you watch the Hawks and you know, obviously I, I play attention to 'em a little bit 'cause I'm, you know, from Georgia and, and you know, I roof, I like Trey Young. Yeah. But if you look at their bench, their bench is really good. A hundred comes off the bench and he could easily give you 30. He gave you 24 tonight. The night, the other night against the Lakers, he gave you 26. But Donova didn't have the big night tonight, but double.


Oh, he gave you 12 off the bench and 11 rebounds. So they normally give you, they could easily give you somewhere between 35 and 50 points. Right. With the bench reduction trace, Trey struggled a little bit. He had 22 points, but he took him 22 shots to get it. Jalen Johnson, it was eight of 20, but he made some big shots down the stretch. He had 15 rebounds. Clint Capella is always on the glass. It seems like every year the Hawks want to get rid of him, but he gives them so many second chance opportunity. Yeah. To put points on the board. He was 11 and 13 tonight he was plus eight. Jalen Johnson was plus six, plus 16. But they, they did a great job.


Got you're right O Joe. The second half, the Hawks dominated the second half. Yeah. They got out on him in the third quarter outscored in the 34 to 18. And they, they really never looked back after that. All all, all it comes down to obviously the game of basketball is the game of runs and the Knicks dominated obviously the first half and that second half, they just couldn't hit nothing. They couldn't hit. I'm not sure if it was the goddamn halftime adjustments that the goddamn Hawks made or the fact that the player just wasn't hitting they shots in the second half. Well, it's as Doc Rivers once famously said this a make or mislead. Either the ball goes in or it doesn't. And the thing is, is that you better hope it goes in sooner rather than later.


Because if your shots are not going in and the other team is, is they're gonna run away from you. And that's what we saw happen in the third quarter. They outscored him 34 to 18 because seemingly everything the Hawks put up went into the basket. Trey started getting young, he started penetrating, and now he's throwing Log Jalen Johnson, bam, dunk playing Capella, bam, dunk, hunter dunk back, back To Mac playing had two back to Mac. And so that's what he does a great job. Like, like he's so, and that's why I was always impressed with him. I mean, when you lead the nation and score, and I know he's on the smallest side, he's a smallest guy, probably five 11 I'm thinking. But when you lead the nation and scored in rebounds, you could input the, you can impact the game offensively.


If you're not scoring, you can fill up the stat sheet with assist because we've seen him have a 30 20 game. We've seen him have 15, 16 assists. So there's another way that he can impact the game and that's how he has to impact the game because he's such a liability on the defensive end. Yeah, he's smallish. He doesn't have quick feet, he doesn't have strong hands, so it's hard for him. And a lot of times people try to go at him. But what he has the advantages is his quickness in being able to score the basketball and get others involved. And he did a great job of that in the second half the night of trying to get downhill and get his guys involved. And they did a great job of finishing Jalen Johnson. Capella do do a great job of finishing above the rim.


And so the Hawks take on the Milwaukee Bucks in the semifinals in the Emirate Cup. But I was very impressed with the Hawks. I, I, I really were especially considering how poorly they played in the first half of each other.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let the season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'd n RK today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts and the National Hockey League. It's NL unscripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I'm Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL Defenseman turned NHL network analysts. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp. How about the sport and all the other things to running it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today, but we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find out we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL now, You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki That's sure to cause a ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A Lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers. And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of her daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children, and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom, club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms Who Puck a production of iHeart Women's Sports and Deep blue sports and Entertainment on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Yeah, it was a good game. I I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it, I enjoyed it. Listen, obviously I I I'm a basketball fan to a certain extent and I was hoping that the mix, obviously you, you got Kat now obviously Josh Hart, so I'm thinking Jalen brussel them boys things were going to look different this year. I'm thinking things were gonna look different. Maybe they're going to challenge in the East, but to come out, Look, Even, even, even though it's still early. Come on now. It's a two team race in the east. It's the Cals and the Celtics now. Unless somebody do something Unforeseen. Oh, whoa. Wait, wait, come, come on man. Come on man. So you just gonna lead heat out. It's a two team race, bro.


Y'all trying to get rid of Jimmy. Stop y'all. They, y'all know y'all ain't doing nothing. I ain't Nothing but that. That's just the media. That's the media. Just, just, just Yeah, they said that about Belichick too, didn't he? It was just the media. It's just the media. Where's he at? Ocho you just told me like when this stuff come out, the media got it from somewhere. That's what you told our chat. Yeah. So you think they gonna get rid of Jimmy if they get rid of Jimmy, but what we going, what we going do? They not, they're not, they're not gonna, they don't want to extend him. Let's, that's the Warriors are reportedly targeting LeBron and LeBron James and or Jimmy Butler. Who do you feel is a better fit? LeBron, I mean, Yeah, LeBron.


LeBron. You need somebody to handle the ball. Right. Take so much pressure. Did you see how well he and Steph Curry played pressure off together at the Olympics? Huh? Take the pressure off of Steph Of handling. They don't really have a point guard. Right. So now LeBron can handle the ball. Right now Steph is freed up to do what Steph does. Right. You see how well they played in the Olympics. You see when they bring on the Allstar teams together, right now Allstar might have Vin indicative because they ain't nobody playing no defense. Yeah. But you saw him in a contested situation at the Olympics and you see how easily Steph was getting shots off, right? Because LeBron can see over the entire court, he can skip pass it, he can pass from one side to the other. He loved that hammer pass from one baseline to the other. So Yeah.


And he could score. That's the problem that they have. They don't have enough scores. Yeah. I mean do you, do you think, you think that's even a possibility? Obviously I don't think LeBron would, Where there's, where there's smoke, there's fire, it has to come from somewhere. They has to, well we heard last year that the, the, the Warriors made an attempt and Rich Paul shot it. Rich Paul like basically talked LeBron out of if, if you believe what the reports are saying. Right. I just don't see a situation where LeBron wants to move. Right. Okay. And at this point in time, this what always tell people, tell me if LeBron goes somewhere, it's gonna change somebody's perception of LeBron. If you like LeBron, you believe LeBron is the best player of all time.


Right. That's what you're gonna believe. Right. If you believe Jordan is the best player of all time, no matter what LeBron does, he can get another title, he can get another MVP. Right? There's still, so it's not gonna change anything. Now if he wants to go try to chase one, okay, fine. That's, that's that's his right? Right. I mean he's about to be 40 in about two week, two and a half weeks. But I don't believe it changed. I don't think it moves anyone's needles other. Now if that's what he wants, like man five would really look good on my resume. Right. And if I can get five finals, MVP, first of all, nobody has four. I have the second most behind Jordan. But for me it doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me other than you know him playing meaningful basketball because unless they make a significant trade with the Lakers, I don't see them challenging their doing much in the west.


So Let let's just say, let's say hypothetically speaking Yeah, they do get LeBron. So are they in favor to win? Not only do we not only not only coming out the west, but to beat the Celtics civic Gate. I don't know if they'll be favor to win, but I think they'll, they'll they'll they'll be now all of a sudden you got a guy, you got two guys that can go score Yeah. With LeBron and Steph. But I don't even know if that's enough. Dang. Because you got, when you, when you go look at, when you look at the Celtics, you got jb you got JT Pingus has been in and out. He hadn't played much this year.


Jay White can score, right? Hol can score. Yeah. You got Big Al get his, that's, you know, he can get hot, but normally he's gonna give you 10 points. Points and 10 rebounds. Where, where's the other score? You gonna have to give up something. Right. You're probably gonna have to lose minga Lose him. Huh? What you mean lose him? You gonna have to package him. They just not gonna give you LeBron for free. You gonna have to match the salary somehow. Damn. That's how it works in the NBA. You gotta match salary. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So youre, you bringing on, you taking on a guy that makes $50 million a year, you've got to send out $50 million in salary. Right. So Yeah. That I, it ain't gonna happen.


That that, that ain't, that Ain't no, I don't, I don't, I don't, I definitely don't see LeBron going, look, he came to the Lakers for a reason. He had accomplished all he could accomplish in Cal in Cleveland. He wanted to start his second half to start his branding. Right. And he won a championship, got a team to the finals, they won that in the bubble and he became the all time leading score in a Lakers uniform. Right. And he's played extremely, extremely well for the Lakers. It doesn't make a whole lot of sense to me, but it doesn't need to make a whole lot of sense to me. It only needs to make a whole lot of sense to him. Right. And if it makes sense to him, then he'll probably do it.


Most definitely. Oh, hate and ask Stephen a talking about LeBron doesn't deserve to play with Steph. I, and I saw, I saw, I saw him today too. Yeah. He's on his way, he's on his own. I think he's on his way to la but man, Stevie, they be hating on LeBron talking about he don't deserve, you don't get what you deserve, you get what you've earned. Yeah. When you play 22 years and you the greatest player in NBA history, you've earned the right to call a shot. Yeah. Hey, nah, you know what? I've done all I could for the Lakers. I think the Lakers have to be pleased considering where they were before LeBron got there. They, where they were, they were, they were, they were a proud franchise, but they were laughing stock.


Right. They weren't going anywhere. They were not gonna have, they were not gonna have any more national televised games. And now LeBron comes there and, and they, every arena they go to, they're sold out. Right. It brought the bugs back to Laker nation. So go ahead. Yeah, I I I don't, I don't, I don't see a, I don't see a situation where he leaves, you know, such a good situation, you know. No, no disrespect to to the Warriors, but I mean you about the legacy of, of the linkers. Do you, do you really leave that just to go chase your ring? Yeah. As just finish or finish put you started in your career right there.


I I mean you are hoping that they could, they could make a trade and get somebody, but I think the thing is the lake is like twofold. Okay, LeBron, let's just say for the sake of argument, you got a year, two years left this year and next year, that's probably it. That'll be what, 22, 23 seasons, bro. We give up that, do we give up, we keep giving up those picks and we give up this young talent because I think anything that that gets packaged, that gets shipped out, it is gonna have to include Austin Reeves. Right. Okay. Now I do, I think they, they don't particularly care if Delo is included. They, they kind of wanna move on from Delo. You're probably gonna have to put Rui in that package also. But what are we gonna get? What are you getting back in return? That's the question. Right?


What do you, I mean, even swap ain't no swindle now it's not like you trading superstars because it's hard to get equal value back for superstars. Superstars. Right. That's why they're only a handful of those circulating in the NBA. But you, you don't want the role players all of a sudden go somewhere else and become that, but they're not gonna be able to become what, what you, what they could somewhere else because you have AD and LeBron. Right? So they're never gonna be anything more than a third or fourth option at the Lakers with LeBron and ad on the squad. And so I think the Lakers need to understand that yeah, Austin Reeds plays great, but he's only gonna be so much with LeBron and AD on the court. Right.


That's why Brandon Ingram had to leave and you saw Brandon Ingram become an all star, but he couldn't come back with AD and LeBron. Come on bro. It is what it is. I mean, it happens. Yeah. I mean that's, I I kind of, I kind of understand it now. Why can't you fit in and do what you're doing, you know, in, in New Orleans with the Lakers? But you know, you don't tell, you don't touch the ball enough. No, Don't Touch the, you know, you, it, it takes a special type of somebody to play in that because everybody wants to be the best, the best, their best self. Right. And unfortunately when you play with, you know, you play with other dominant player, I mean, superstar players the ball, they're gonna get the ball, they're gonna get the lion's share of the shot.


And so you have to make the most of the opportunities that you do have right now, hey, they're gonna get somewhere between 18 and 22 shots a night. So what, what can you do with the limited amount of shots that you get right now if you get hot, obviously they're gonna feed the hot man. Yeah. Always. But the ball, the ball originally is going, is going through your big guns first. So now I don't, I don't see it Jimmy. It seems to me Jimmy wants an extension. Pat Riley's not too keen on that. Jimmy doesn't play a lot of the games and it doesn't seem to take the regular season serious enough for, for Pat. Pat won't Pat if every game is life or death. Right. He wants you there.


Pat doesn't have a problem playing paying, but hey, you ain't getting no free money outta Pat Riley. Right? Pat Ride Pat, Hey the Godfather. Hey, hey, you need to get your ass out there on that court. I'm gonna pay you. I pay for play, Not play playoff play. Huh. LeBron hasn't given any indication to the Lakers about request of the trade. Brian would likely have to be included in any deal in bro in involving LeBron. Hmm. I like it. Listen, it is interesting. It is interesting. It would, it would, it would, it would make with the NBA when we talk about viewership, hell it's going, it, it is gonna spike. It's gonna spike it. That happens. I I guarantee you that.


No, I'm assuming, I'm assuming the Warrior game's already sold out. I mean, oh yeah. What, what more, what, what more can can happen if LeBron was to go there as opposed to, you know, everybody, especially Vegas, they win the odd. Yeah, that too and the odd changing in Vegas, you know, for them when they got damn chip. Yeah. I mean you, you gotta look, they got Abu a building in that building costs a couple of billion dollars. Right. And the the tickets are expensive and the thing people like, they like winning, winning. I'm not paying 5, 10, 15, 20,000 to see your ass lose. I'm sorry. Whoa, whoa. I don't love you that much. How much I don't love you that much. How much? But boy, that ticket, those tickets in the bay, they ain't in Oakland. Those tickets in San Francisco.


Wait, tickets cost 15, $20,000. Bro. I just read today that in order to, to you need to make 120,000, you need to make $320,000 to even qualify for a loan for a home in, in, in, in, in Bay Man Make three 20 to even to even fill out some paperwork, say KA we'll take a look at it Man. I'm still stuck on a, a, a ticket to go watch a, a sporting event costing 15, 20,000. Now I'm still stuck on that part. I I mean I I I, I'm probably thinking I'm probably those court size seats there. They probably, they probably go anywhere from like five to like 15.


Oh hell man. What's wrong, wrong with my people Bro. How the hell you think you pay for a 2000, a $2 billion arena playing $30, charging $30 a ticket? Where the hell you from? Where your math teacher? I'm just, I I Why you think they keep, why you think they keep raising the prices for NFL games? Oh, you think they finna pay players 60, $70 million and you still get $15 tickets? I think I, yeah, listen, correct me if I'm wrong. I think NFL tickets are still feasible for the fans. That not, not the casual fan.


I'm talking about for the, the the true fan who's been indebted to their teams year in the year out. Whether they lose it or winning. If I, I I I could be wrong. I haven't seen Yeah, where you sitting at? Yeah, if you sitting way up there. Yeah they feasible. They probably $300 two or hundred 50. 200. Hey, I'm talking about listen compare compared to 10, 15, 20,000. Yes. That's, that's a but You, how many, lemme ask you a question unless you run up in the stands, can you shake, can you shake one of those players hands if they, unless they come there because you do realize court side, court side, you can actually talk to the players. Yeah. Can you do that NFL game? Nah, Exact. Exactly. You pay for access. Yeah, but wait, Just like sitting behind home plate.


Wait, home play costs a lot of money too. What? That's a prime seat. Hell yeah. Hey boy listen you learned, you learned something new. You learned something new man, that's cool. The biggest story of the damn in basketball with Jimmy Butler's agent fired back in Shas. What he a bull job report about team that Jimmy would be willing to be traded to. Alright, listen, I gave you a pass yesterday because I was busy. Yeah. But if you don't stop putting my name in your complete and utter made up BS Yeah because you know you norm you normally aren't worth my time to acknowledge, then you, I don't know what's going, what's going to do because I'm in the middle age.


I'm a middle aged dad, but I just know it would be indicates severe dislike world, all this fabricated. I have never and honestly wouldn't help me or the position I represent to do anything that's been reported by said journalist. I like that. So Sham was wrong Or shams, this is your opportunity to say My bad. I let my chat GBT write my tweets and went old school. Peter Bessey. Right. Shams Peter was a writer in the 90. I know you don't know who Peter Bessy was, but he was a guy that reported a lot of people had a problem with what he and be a trendsetter and Vinny knew I was hacked Carry all on.


Thank you. Pete's owner, Mickey Harrison retweeted the agent. I, first of all, I'm surprised, what I'm most surprised at by is that Shams actually listed the agents. Normally they would say, my sources say Right those close to Jimmy Butler because if you keep putting the agent's name out there, I ain't gonna give you nothing. I'm gonna come out and refute it and I ain't give you nothing else. Right. That's why my NFL sources say that's why those close to the team say that's why sources close to the players say so that where you don't have no attachment. And so man who said that? Who said what?


Where did it come from? Right. That's normally how you get a story and everybody talking about reveal your No, I'm not revealing no sources because I'm in the business to break news. Right. And if I reveal my sources, I'm not gonna be able to break news, break news and I'm gonna be without of a job. Right. So stop asking me because people stop fans and players no matter what the sport. Stop saying reveal your sources because they're not, I'm in the business that sources are everything. Right. Adam Shef is not gonna have a job if he ever revealed one source to be done. Right. And you think about to give up a nine, $10 million a year job just 'cause some of y'all mad that I got information that somebody from your team, somebody from your lawyer's office, somebody from the front office leaked or told me.


Man, y'all y damn mind. Oh, perker said That. Yeah. No, no, no. But I, I'm shocked. That's that's very, I mean Shas has been at this for a long time. Yeah. He, he burst on the seams when he, the Kauai story. Right. Because the Kauai kick came out of nowhere and then boom, he had it and it was a bombshell, it was an earthquake and literally the earthquake happened in California that day and it was a second one. And so he kind of burst on the scene with that. But I was shocked because I would never, never tie a name to anything that I got.


I Like it. I like it. I like it. That's crazy Man. That's why, you know, when I speak, I speak in generalities when I talk about the Broncos or why I speak about the Ravens. Right. No, I'm not finna, I'm not finna rule. I'm not finna, they call me all they want to. They, I mean players. Oh, he don't know really. I don't Are you sure now? Are you sure? Are you calling Shannon Sharp a lot? Yeah, I didn't think so. Okay. We still cool though. Brandon Hayward says Dirk had the best championship run ever. Do you agree Dirk? Dirk Naski The, the greatest You could make a case for the simple fact it was dirt.


J Kidd was like year 13, year 14. I think J Kidd came in at what, 94? They 90 94 because he and Grant, he was a rookie cold rookie of the year together. What 94. They they beat, they beat the heat that year. Right. They beat the heat. They beat the heat that year because remember in oh six Yeah the heat, the heat was down oh two and they came back at one four straight. Yeah. But when you look, hold on. If you look at what they did, Dirk took down the two time defending Champ Lakers. Yeah. He took down OKC and he took down the Miami Heat Big three.


So you can, Brendan Hayward is not far. Y'all might think he crazy, but when you look at what he did, Yeah. You can make a compelling case that Dirk Naski, given what he was working with, it is not like he had a a a a Prime shot. Right. Or a Prime Kobe or D Wade and all Magic had Kareem Bird had perish and mha. Right. You could make a case. You absolutely can make a case. You absolutely can. And if you did, I wouldn't, I would not. IIII wouldn't be disappointed. I wouldn't be mad if you say yes young. He had, I wouldn't be mad. 'cause I don't know if I, I don't know if I could, I mean I'd have to go way, way, way, way back.


Right. And think, and even going back to when, you know the Bullets won in what, 79? It was West Unselling, Elvin Hayes and Bobby Dan Ridge, you go back to the World Beef, not World Beef free. Gus Williams, the wizard downtown, Freddie Brown, the racer, Marvin Webster, Jack Sigma. I don't think nobody, I I don't think anybody has had a run like, like what Dirk had. Right. Who he beat. 'cause like I said, he beat the two time defending Champ swept them. People don't wanna talk about this. Nah, they swept the Lakers I think. I think if I'm not mistaken, I think OKC might have got a game off them.


Hey, that's when they had that trio there too, huh? Yeah, for sure. Man. That's crazy. Boy should have together man. Yeah, no. You talking about say two 2016. No. Yeah. I mean you be the 61 team in the Hawks, but did, I mean, did anybody think the Hawks was gonna beat LeBron and Kyrie? No.


As we gather together during this holiday season, let me share a gift that keeps on giving Chase freedom. With Chase Freedom Unlimited, you'll not only experience the joy of, of 1.5% unlimited cash back, but also the freedom to create cherished memories with your loved ones. Discover the magic and learn more@chasefreedom.com and let this season be filled with love, laughter, and the delight of extra cash in your pocket. Cards issued By JP Morgan Chase Bank. NA Member FDIC.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life, the referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling. Listen to against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? I'm Nam Burkin today about a new podcast from iHeartPodcasts in the National Hockey League. It's NHL un scripted with Birkin Deur. Hey, I am Jason Deur, former 700 game NHL defenseman turn, NHL Network Analyst. And boy oh boy, does daddy have a lot to say? I love you by the way, on NHL Network. We're looking forward to getting together each week to chat and chirp about the sport and all the other things surrounding it that we love, right? Yeah. I just met you today. But we're gonna have a ton of guests from the colliding worlds of hockey, entertainment and pop culture. And you know what? Tons of back and forth on all things NHL. Yeah. You're gonna soon gonna find that we're not just hockey talk, we're into all kinds of random stuff on this podcast, movies, television, food, wrestling, even the stuff that you wear on NHL Now You wish you could pull off my short shorts, Burki, That's sure of Kaza ruckus. Listen to NHL unscripted with Birkin Deur, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our business week buying power column. Very Few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter Courts are not supposed to decide elections Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide. Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Mana Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers. And on our new podcast Moms Who Puck we're opening up about the chaos of her daily lives between the juggle of being athletes, raising children, and all the messiness in between. We're also turning to fellow athletes and beyond to learn about their parenthood journeys and collect valuable advice like FIFA World Cup winner Ashlyn Harris. I wish my village would've prepared me for how hard motherhood was gonna be. And Peloton instructor and ratchet mom, club founder Kirsten Ferguson. And I remember going in there a hot mess. So listen to Moms Who Puck a production of iHeart Women's Sports and Deep blue Sports and Entertainment on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Kendrick Perkins said, Trey Young is the most disrespected hooper since mellow Disrespected. Why? Yes. You don't think they give the credit he deserves? No, because he should have been an all star last year. Man. Average 27 points a game and a nine assist. And he couldn't make the Allstar team man. They full of cock. They did. They did. They did snub him. They did snub him. Matter of fact, when it comes to Allstar, who does the goddamn voting? Are they gonna say it's the fans? Well, the, the, the fans. The fans are voting the starters, but then it comes down to the players and the coaches, coaches to select the, the reserves. Okay. The fans, the, the starting five, the fans, that's, that's all fans because they want the fans to have a say in it.


Okay, y'all showing up, y'all gonna buy the ticket. So this is who y'all wanna see. Right. Okay, fine. But no, I can see that. I don't think he gets the credit that he deserves. I think he should have been a more, had won more all-star appearances. Right. But they make it seem like Tre is the only one that doesn't play defense. I mean, there are a lot of guys that don't play defense that are, are offensive dominant players, but he, he's, he's a special talent. He definitely should make the All Star, the Allstar team this year. Oh yeah. He's leading the league in Assist.


I think he's averaged 11 and a half assist a game. He had a 30 20 game, 30 points, 20 assist game against the Lakers. Hit the game winning shot a three pointer. Yeah, I I, I can see that part. Yeah. I mean, I don't think Melo, I mean, Melo got, damn Melo got 10 level All Star Pierces. But you gotta realize who Melo Meow was in the league with. Melo came in, Kobe, LeBron, Hey Jim Duncan. Woo, kd Hey. I mean, well, damn. I mean, I mean, what, where are you gonna put him?


It was some dogs in that area of Yes. And you got, you got Prime Harden, you remember Harden went on that stretch when he first got to Houston. Yep. And he's averaging 33, 36 Having a ball Getting 60 point triple double. So I'm just trying to figure out like where, where we gonna put 'em? And I think Melo had a fabulous career, but I don't think anybody's putting him over. You're not putting him over kd. You're not putting him over step, you're not putting him over Harden. You're not putting him over LeBron. You're not putting him over Kobe. So what, what we doing here? Yeah. Come on now. Yeah. I mean, listen, he listen, he fits in there somewhere. I mean, everybody, every, everyone you just named are great at what they do, but Mellow fits in there somewhere And you putting him over those guys.


I Understand. I you Put him over D Wade, I understand you putting him over D Dsky. I didn't say I was putting him over those guys. I said he belongs in the same category. Same category with just, just not what? You don't, you don't think so? Not with, oh, those guys won MVPs, finals MVPs went to championships Ocho. That's gotta mean something. Okay. I I, I got you. I got you. I got you. That's not to say Mellow wasn't a great player. Yes, sir. But when it comes to adding the EST championships matter. Right? Like we could have a discussion.


Is Barkley a great player? Absolutely. Yeah. Give an MVP call alone. A two time MVP. But how do I put them? How do I put them in front of donkey? How? Right. I got you. I mean, so that's just where I am. Not to say he wasn't great because he was historically, I mean he, I mean he could put the ball in the basket, probably should have taken care of a little better care of himself early in his career. Right. But it'd been very interesting to see had he stayed, had he stayed in Denver.


Because what happened is that he going to New York, you gut New York because they gotta send everything there to replace you. Right. In Denver. So when you get there to cover this bare, so what you think you, what you thought you were going to, Right. It didn't pan out like that. Yeah. On show the 24, the 2024 most viewed NBA player pages, and it goes state by state. Can you see what's in front of you On now?


I don't see it. We, we, we pulled it up. Oh, I thought it was on. I thought you could see it. Hold on, hold on, hold on. No, I don't. No, I can't see it. You texted to him of the 50 states. Okay, Go ahead. LeBron James had the most viewed NBA page player pages except Denver, except Wisconsin. Except Boston.


There you go. I see it now. Well, God, well God Lee, now when we say most viewed NBA player page, what, what page are we talking about? We talking about what? Twitter? We talking about Instagram Don't matter. Facebook either. What? Just in General. Yes. I mean, hell, he is the, he is the most popular, popular, most recognizable, you know, figure in the NBA hell in Port General. So, I mean, this is, this is, yeah, this is understandable. Yeah, This is definitely understandable. Who in the hell is that? Right in the middle Yoic in Denver, Colorado.


Yeah, that, that, that makes sense. And then you got Giannis in Wisconsin and you got JT and you got JT in, in Massachusetts. But I bet you LeBron's second in all those states. Wait, Wait, which, which states second in one? Which ones Colorado, Wisconsin and Massachusetts. Okay, well obviously you, you know why Ball, you know why he's second in Boston obviously. Yeah, they got Jason Tatum. Yeah, but if it wasn't Jason Tatum, he'd be first. Hey, who is this? All the way up to the top? Huh? Like, like over there? Milwaukee. That's Giannis in Wisconsin. Hey, you know what? I had no idea Milwaukee was way up there, man.


Yeah, Wisconsin is up there. Ocho what the hell you thought it was? Well, she, I didn't know. 'cause I don't know the map. I don't, I don't know the globe. I don't know the map that hard. Listen, I, I ain't been to school. That's, That's the Midwest ocho. I ain't been to school in 47 years. Man. Hell, it don't seem like you did anything when you was there. I did. Why? I was a scholar. I made the dean's list. What? Yeah, I made, Man, you ate, you ate Jimmy Dean's sausage. That's the only thing. No, no, no, no, no, no. We, we not gonna do that. I, I made the dean's list at three three outta three out four semesters. Ocho. Yeah. We do know you went to Juco. What does that have to do with, what does that have to do with me making the, That's the 13th grade.


Oh, so not Juco, the 13th grade. That's, that's how you, that's how you treat us. That's like, oh man, is he, we all, we, we all couldn't go to Savannah State, man. You know? Hey. Yeah. Well, hey, why you? Hey, my grades, I already, you already know my grades were bad. I couldn't have got in prison with my grades. It looked like you couldn't have got in prison with yours either. Well, a a actually it took me going to San it took me going to Santa Monica to get myself together, which that's how I got that semester at Harvard. Yeah. Once I got in, I got the ball rolling and understood. You know what, let me just do it. Let me, let me do it the way my grandma told me to do it and focus on school first and stop trying to put football. Yeah. And once I did that shit took off of it.


Yeah. Is the NBA having an existential crisis right now? Yeah. Shaq says the NBA is effing terrible. Lonnie Walker on the differences between the NBA and the Euro League is real basketball over here. Gilbert Arena on why NBA players are more injured. I talked to a player and they asked why y'all getting all these injuries? He said, we're really going from doing nothing to game one. And you now you gotta go out there and effing guard Luca. You, you think that's the the reason for the injuries? I think I've, well Don't nobody really play O Joe. It's just like the pre-season, right. Ain't nobody, oh Joe, we played the pre-season, right?


You sought out, there was four games you played 10, 12, 15 plays the first game. Right. You played probably, probably about 20 plays, 25 plays. The second game you played until the third quarter, the third game, and then you saw your ass down the fourth game. Right. These guys don't play at all. And then you go in that game and say, okay, let's go. What you think gonna happen? Yeah. You, you gonna get hurt. But somebody, you know, it's funny when I think about it each about some of these, these dudes play basketball year round. Huh? They play basketball year round. So I really not buying the fact that Okay, because they're not playing right before the senior stars or in, in, in Yeah, but they, they playing basketball to get in the condition, don't you?


It's just like, remember what we said? It don't matter what you do unless you play real basketball in real meaningful moments. Yeah. I don't care how much you run. I don't care how much training camp you get in your ass dog tied that first Game. Yeah. You Right. Man. I used to hate wait too many damn Tired as hell. Yes. And then they mess around and have a couple of injuries and then you go no huddle. They're like two. Oh we gonna tire 'em out. I said, hell y'all tired me out. Somebody running these routes. Right, right, Right, right. My tired about what about me? Hell, my legs gas too. I think, man, I, it's just, I mean it's just, it's just, I don't wanna be the old guy, get off my lawn.


Right. But if you are expecting eighties and nineties basketball to come back, it's not coming back. It's not Happening. It's never gonna be that. It's not happening. It's just like NFL football. If you're expecting the seventies and eighties and nineties football, it's never coming back. O you it's never coming back. You know, in most things when it comes, when it, when it comes to life in general, you know how they, how they always say history repeats itself and if you paying attention to the way things are happening, history is starting to repeat itself in small instances. Yeah. Unless you pay attention, you gotta be paying attention because if you ain't paying attention you can't see it. But when it comes to sports, that, that will always continue to evolve and go forward.


Always. Yeah. And the, the thing is now Ocho the guys are so skilled, these guys are so skilled now. They shoot the ball. Like I said, I look, I'm old enough to remember in the late seventies and the eighties Right. You had a handful of guys that could shoot. Yeah. You take the best shooters from the seventies and the eighties and the guys that are mid or beat them in a shooting contest. That's how skilled the guys that are gone at shooting, at shooting the basketball now just shooting. The guys don't work on no post up moves. They don't got post up game like a Elijah won or Patrick Ew. Or the dominant big because now they're looking Even like that. You probably got two bigs that got a real post up game.


That's MBS and that's Yoic. Right. All the rest of 'em are stretches. Yeah. And even, even, I mean people would probably consider Yoic and MBS stretch fives because they got three point range. Right. Fours, all your fours, all your fours got got three point. All your fours got three point range point. I'd be interested to see how many, how many threes Tim Duncan shot, how many threes, kg and Barkley. Now Barkley shot more than Karl Malone. Would it be interesting to see, but now what point, you know, they don't shoot threes two, Jabari Parker, Evan Mobley ad doesn't matter. All of them. All of them, it's, it's a different game.


And you're just gonna have to, if you young ocho and you didn't get a chance to see this is all, you know, you love it. Right. But if you got a chance to see old school basketball and the passing and the guys and the guys, you know, you dumped the ball down. The guys had a drop step. Right. And the guys had, you know, could throw the left hook, could throw the, you know, hook with either hand you like, you appreciated that. You probably didn't appreciate it as much then, but you appreciated it after seeing what you see now. Right. It's kinda like us or Joe. We like, bro, y'all just go across the middle with no repercussions. Y'all catching what they, the quarterback take one, one step and throw you a slant. Yeah. I wish you would've run a one step slant Rob Boy.


Uhuh. They said yeah, your hammer, your hammer would be over there on the sideline. Ray day day they threw Ray out the league. Oh, He, he Ray wouldn't have been able to play today. It's a lot, it's a lot of defenders wouldn't be able to play in today's NFL Even, even though you always say you gotta, you gotta adapt to the times that we're in. Some of them. Nah. Can you imagine Rodney Harrison trying to play today? No. Rodney Harrison, Chuck C, Chuck, Cecil, all those guy. Tell, tell. Yeah. No man, come on. Ain't having it. But, But you but you just have to, like I said, I mean it is changed and I it's for the better right now. Look, the, the the fans, they love the up and down of the NBA.


They love getting up and down. I don't know if they necessarily like all the threes. Yeah. But they want you to play a little defense. I mean like all star game. That thing just got ridiculous. Yeah. It just got ridiculous. And sometimes even the games here, I'm like, bro, y'all not gonna even tell to stop him from laying the ball up. This is like a layup line, But this is where the game is and the old guys like Shaq and you hear Barkley you hear a lot of Yeah. It's not just Shaq and Barkley because a lot they, you just hear Shaq and Barkley because they're on television a lot. Yeah. But there's a lot of old guys that feel the exact same way as Shaq and Barkley. They just don't have a microphone or TV show or on podcast to, to verbalize it. To verbalize.


And trust me, there are a lot of the old heads that feel the same way. Just like a, a lot of the old heads of the in football feel the same way. Say it's too easy. That's why these guys breaking all these records, that's why they doing all this stuff because there ain't no consequences. Bring your ass across that middle Man. Speaking of, speaking of, speaking of breaking records, do you think the game of football is because they passed the ball so much, there should be a asterisk by some, some of the receivers that are breaking some of these records today plus the at a game. You know, because here's the thing, Ojo, you gotta understand like when OJ broke his record Yeah. OJ did that record in 14 games. Mm. Ed broke it in 16 games.


Right. They didn't put no asterisk by it. Okay. I see what you mean. A lot of these stats were broken. I mean at first the NFL season was 12 games. Yeah. And so then people came with 14, they never added an asterisk. Right. So no, it it wouldn't be fair. Now look, yes, they throw the ball board, they do A a lot more. Yes. And so that's, that's a part of it. The Russian total Emmett Smith Russian total is safe. It's safe. Now somebody that breaks Jerry record, I mean they're gonna have to play a long time. Oh yeah. They, they gonna, they get an extra game and when they go to 18, let's just say in the next five years, you're gonna get a extra two games.


So now if somebody can play 15, 16 years and you extrapolate an extra 45 games, that's an extra three seasons. Mm. Now we on the sub mocho. Yeah. You see, so, but no, I don't, I don't think it's fair. It is what it is. Hell, I ain't got no records anyway, so they broke mine in the 16th so it don't matter. But, but yeah, you be like, yourself would've loved to play when we they threw the ball. Ooh. I mean, y'all know what Denver did. We ran the football, that's what we did.


We, we ran you out of the arena. Yeah. We threw the, don't, don't get me wrong, I don't wanna say that we only threw the ball 10% of the time. Right. But we were a predominantly running football team. Right. And you know, I got mine, I got in where I fit in. But plus the thing is now, I mean they keep track of records like never before. I'm like, I somebody tweeted something like I got the most 150 yard receiving game for a tight end. Oh. So I didn't even know that was a record until the Yeah. I didn't even know that was a record until somebody said it. Yeah. I didn't, I saw, I saw earlier today. I didn't know that. No I didn't either because there's some hundred 40. I got to, Hey coach, lemme go get this.


Lemme go get this, this extra eight yards, extra 10 yards and get one 50 because that's what they do now. And such and such needs this many yards or he needs a catch to do that and then put him back in there, let him get there and boom. Yeah. Especially if he got an incentive to in his contract, they going to get it. Yeah. But nah, nah, at that point in time, ocho, I, I didn't want, once we, once we was, look hell, I be wanting to come out the game. We losing it's three minutes left in the game, we down 25, we pass it. Right. I ain't want no cheap up the ass calorie yards like that. And when we got a big, big lead, I ain't tried to be in the game. Hey, how's get that? Hey, I get to get that man.


I ain't trying to get no more. I'm good. Right. I ain't trying to pass no step. I done did today. I did my damage in a and hopefully in a winning effort. Now we up all big and staying in the game. Nah bro, I'm good. You know, but Mike was good about that. Hey, you wanna go back in? You want Nah, I'm good Mike. No sir. Mm. Knowing my, knowing my, look, I'm in there trying to be greedy and then somebody I end up getting it. No, I'm good. Yeah. Hey, lemme go sit my black ass down The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, Arthur going Infinite Moneyball the Blind Side and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


What's up everybody? Adnan Burkin to tell you about a new podcast. It's NHL unscripted with Birkin Demers. Jason ERs here in after playing 700 NHL games. I got a lot of dirty laundry to air out. Hey, I got a lot to say here too. Okay. Each week will get together to chat with the sport that we love Tons of guests are gonna join into. But we're not just gonna be talking hockey folks, we're talking movies, we're talking tv, food, and a NA's favorite wrestling. It's all on La Tabla. Listen To N Hhl unscripted with Kin Demers, the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen.


Hey everyone, I'm Madison Packer, a pro hockey veteran going on my 10th season in New York. And I'm Manja Packer, a former pro hockey player and now a full Madison Packer. Stan. Anya and I met through hockey and now we're married and moms to two awesome toddlers, ages two and four. And we're excited about our new podcast, moms Who Puck, which talks about everything from pro hockey to professional women's athletes to raising children and all the messiness in between. So listen to Moms Who Puck on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Happy Holidays from me, Michael Rappaport. And my gift to you is a free subscription to the I am Rappaport Stereo podcast where I discuss entertainment, sports, politics, and anything and everything that catches my attention. I am here to call it as I see it, and there's a whole lot of things catching my eyes these days. Listen to the I Am Rap Report stereo podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, and wherever you get your podcast.