
Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete, or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell. Here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games. Adolf Hitler's games, fascism, anti-Semitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, craven, self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long contentious, up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome to In Case you Missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast that's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to Breaking News, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken, and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. Listen to in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And remember, in case you missed it, don't worry. I've got you covered. Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena, here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Don Cat, Dua Lippa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block.


Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more buy tickets now with axs.com. New from Embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs Embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume,


The 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino when resort in Kansas, 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


OCHO check this out. Rich Paul reportedly quashed talks of LeBron trade to the Warriors. This story is making its rounds today. According to Mark Stein, it was Paul who put the kibosh on a tentative trade discussion between the Lakers and the Golden State Warriors surrounding LeBron last season. It is believed that the Lakers would've reluctantly entertained a trade conversation with the Warriors before February trade deadline if LeBron wanted them to seriously engaged Golden State on a potential deal. Yet League sources say that the reported talks between the teams at the time never got far because a large part because LeBron's agent, rich Paul was adamantly opposed to the idea of LeBron swapping Southern California to Northern California.


Sources say Rich Paul employed both teams to scrap the concept largely because he wanted to insulate LeBron from the potential backlash over switching teams for the fourth time in his career. You think that's true? I don't think Brett was going nowhere Anyway, you got your rings already. No reason to go team up with Steph. You said way they played in the Olympics. Can you imagine them in the regular seats in in in the NBA? It wouldn't be fair. It it wouldn't be no difference than Steph and god damn KD and God, Draymond and Clay. That wouldn't be fair.


Well, they had it for three years, so Yeah, that wouldn't be fair. And there, there was really no need at that point in your career to even make a, make a change like that. Your, your legacy is already solidified. Everything you've done and accomplished to this point. You might as well just go right off into the sunset out there in la you know, and do the best you can. And then what you wanted to happen anyway, what just happened just now is being able to play with your son that might not have came into fruition if you had made that choice to go to the Warriors. Everything fits perfect. Bronny was at UUSC. Everything. Yeah. That that you, you couldn't write a better story with a better ending.


And the story's not even over. 'cause I guarantee you I think LeBron gonna play with Bryce as well. Mark my words. IIII can feel it. Bryce is a junior this year. Yeah, So a senior. Yeah. And one way After that. So 22 this year. 23 freshman 25. No, That's too long. No, he'll be, this is LeBron's 22nd season this year, right? Right. Bryce is a junior, right? His 24, his 23rd season. Bryce will be a senior his 24th season. Bryce will be a freshman in college, his 25th season. Bryce is coming to the NBA damn Know what LeBron, you know what LeBron might do?


What that Retire, take a year off and come back when Bryce's fixing play. I think a lot of things will be contingent on this team in Vegas. That's what he's hiding. Yeah. And I wonder if you think you get, hey, that that'd be I can get me another job because if LeBron gets a team in Vegas and he's in a position of power, he could hire me to do something. I don't know what it would be, but I just want to add it to my res my resume and diversify my portfolio based on things that I've done and accomplished. What you think about that?


No, What are you gonna do? That's why, that's why I, I don't, I don't know. Listen, I I I don't, I don't know. I'm mean I'm improving in that area when it comes to the game of basketball. I'm not sure to Do what you gonna coach. No. You Hell no. I ain't coaching. Hell No. Okay. So I so, But one boys, one 'em boys talk crazy to me man. I I, nah, I don't wanna coach. I So What, so I'm just trying to figure out what you going to do. I don't know, there's so many different roles that they have. Okay, well name one name they name what role that you could play that you could do in on an NBA team Financial advisor.


Oh, Okay. That, that, that's, that's about the best one. I'm, I'm just being honest and matter of fact, that's one that I'm, I'm really good at, even though I play around and make jokes. Hell, financial advisor telling you what to do with all your goddamn money not spending on these goddamn women. Oh, Joe. Yes Sir. That's not the issue is telling is getting them to listen. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't How many times do you, how many stories? Where are they now? Right. Guy lost all his money. Yeah, the stats. NBA players NFL players, MLB players being broke, being divorced, being this or that.


They know, but at the end of the day, it's hard to tell a man that's making that money what to do with that money. I don't think they understand UNC that shit go fast, boy. I don't care what the numbers look like when they come across that tick on ESPN or that shit go fast, boy, you got you one or two or three high-end type women, you know, that require a certain stipend, certain allowance trying to live a portray a certain lifestyle that you have to maintain and keep up in order to have access to them. Huh? That shit go fast, boy. I'm telling you, it'd be pretty, it'd be pretty when it's rolling in and you playing, you know, you are injury away now you are injury away.


And I can, I can, I can provide NBA players with statistics and a PowerPoint presentation to give them a better idea because sometimes you can hear it and it goes in one ear and out the other. But when you see it in front of you with examples sometimes to get through to you and I only need to touch one or two of 'em. I ain't gonna, I ain't gotta touch all 15 on the team. Lemme get one or two. One or two understand. I mean, I mean you look at guys like LeBron and you look at Steph and you look at guys that are worth 500 and 700 and LeBron is a billionaire and you see these guys are like, bro, and you know, you got an endorsement deal.


I mean LeBron is doing 80, $80 million off the court Away from the court. Not everybody. It's only what, maybe four or five that's like that Four or Five of 'em. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. A whole lot. I mean you probably, you're probably looking at messy maybe Christiano, Ronaldo, there are not a whole lot of guys and Bape, there are not a whole lot of guys that's doing those kind of numbers off the court. Ocho Yeah. But you know, I mean, and but, but, but when you looking at LeBron, I mean he got 24 hour, he got 24 hour security, he got staff. I mean, so it probably, I mean LeBron, it probably take $10 million a year to run his, to run his household.


Yeah. That's crazy, huh? Yeah, for sure. That's crazy because you gotta have, you know, you got 24 hour security, rightfully so. You gotta staff cleaning, you gotta staff cooking. You listen, it's, it's so funny. Your whole lifestyle has to change. You have to pay for the protection and pray for the convenience in the way you, you, you, you should be living at that. Once you reach that height and that level, that's, that's crazy. Yeah, it's, it's great. But I wouldn't want that life. I, I, I mean the, the ability to not, I mean, he can't go nowhere. Nah, He ain't going, he ain't, Savannah ain't going to no movie.


You know, he too goddamn tall anyway. If he wanted to sneak, you can't even sneak, You know? True. And you know, I, I'm such a, I couldn't be that kind of famous. No, I'm Too fucking friendly. No, I don't wanna be that kind of famous. I'm too, I'm too fucking friendly, man. I be out there all goddamn thing hugging and talking to people. Yeah. I like Jordan. I'll be like, Jordan be like Tiger. Be like, I'll be like Aldo and Nancy and all these guys like LeBron and Come on man. I can't, I'm too goddamn. I and I talk too damn much to be they to be their kind of famous. Yeah. Hell no. Yeah. Yeah. I mean it's hey financial, the, the, the financial security that, that you, you know, you, you taking care of your family.


But hey, we good. The little bit of Fame, we got Ocho. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That And we the money that God has left us with. We good. Yeah. Yeah. We, Hey, hold on now. We ain't no straggler now. Oh no. Hell no. Oh. We known you know them and listen them Asian folk knew you in that goddamn damn nail salon. Huh? They Did. They did. They did. Oh, think about it. They Did. Don't think, don't forget that now. Yeah, listen, I went to the, I went to the World Cup now. I went to the World Cup with Fox and I had some folks from different countries that ain't got nothing, that don't know nothing about no NFLI ain't played football in 12 years. But, you know, they knew, they knew who they knew who it look Lil little shorty was sometime, you know, some places I went That, that, that felt good.


That felt good as as real. Really? Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. You know, being in And we Way out here in the car. How did you know you? Well, you know, you know your boy did a little, did his thing back in the day. Now Being in, being in France and to hear people say unc Yeah. What y'all, How Ash looking at me? I'm looking at her this, did he just say, Oh yeah. I'm like, yeah, I mean this, it was, I mean, club Sheha and they, Noah and Nightcap and Ken Williams. I'm like, wow. But you, you, you, you surprised right? I mean, but I still introduced myself because La like last night was a perfect example.


Ocho Yeah. When I was named Nicola Yoic, Giannis and Luca and, and, and, and, and, and Noah. Like, I'm sorry, but I don't even know who that is. You know what? He probably really don't know who he is, but if you was to ass Yoic who no Laus is shit, he wouldn't know who no is either. Exactly. He wouldn't know. That's why I always introduce myself. Right. Because my ego isn't big enough to assume. Right. Ash always, like they know who you are. I say I can't because I Hey editor A I'm Shannon Sharpe. She, yeah. I like me. Like I'm pretty sure they know who you are Now. You, you can't assume that.


Right. But yeah, I mean, I was surprised that he didn't know. I, you know, I wouldn't, I would, I would imagine him about the eight gallon on the bench. He don't watch no basketball like that. No. It don't even, even look like the type of person that really watched basketball. Probably not. Nah, He, he, he's in his own little world. He track, I think he like, what is that anime? What is that? What what the, he, he anime because he said something about some cutting edges or something. Now see, you asked me about something about some anime. I'm like an you talking about anime or anime?


Yeah. I only know one anime. Unless you talk about, Hey man, yeah, it's hot as hell. This motherfucker. Boy, I don't know what's going on. I cool down, you know, I, Hey, you know I'm cool guy. You see I chill. Cool. Listen, I, I, I don't know. I, I think I did something wrong with the ac I don't know. Downstairs it's on 65 and it's cold as hell, but up feel it's broken. So on the thermostat it say 80, 86. Ooh, I'm up here cooking. I mean, oh dope. Red, Red Don't, Red don't come home to tomorrow. Steve Kerr is not expecting to continue as head coach of team USA, Eric, Ty Lou are the front runners to replace Kerr.


His bench, his benching of reigning champion Jason Tatum earned Kerr the most scrutiny. But he said last November he planned to end his run with a team after Paris. To me, it's a two year, it's a cycle pop coach World cup in the Olympics. Now it was my turn to pass the baton. I think that's kind of how it should be. I think we're now at one cycle and you move on. What'd you think Ocho? I like it. I like it. I also think Kurt doesn't wanna deal with the bullshit he had to deal with, with the way he coaches, with the way the minutes that players played. Listen, Kurt has done everything. He's won a championship as a player. He's won a championship championships, plural. As a coach, you've won a gold medal.


I mean, what more, what more can you ask for? You know, your your, your book is is is full. It's already written. Whenever you wanna retire, you can retire because you've done, you've done damn near almost everything. Allow someone else, you know, pass the torch. I think it would probably, it would probably be sp or would you, would you, would it be Tyrone? Tyrone? It could probably be SP or Ty Lou. Yeah, Well, they'll both be there. I mean, just probably The head coach. Ty, You say Talu. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. It's, it's one more coach. It's a third one isn't it? Isn't supposed to be a third one. Yeah. I mean, I'm sure they will, but Talu and SPO was on the staff last on the, on this, this, this past Olympics.


Right? So I'm assuming it's not gonna be a situation like I think Coach K was for two cycles, wasn't it? Didn't Coach K do eight and 12? I don't think you'll see that. I think, you know, he's like, pop did it once, these guys will do it once. So it's gonna be one and done. It's not, it's not gonna be like the old guard, like the old team, like the soldier. They had the same coach Brazil and they had this, right. So we're gonna move on. So it'll probably be SPO or Ty Lou. I'm thinking Ty Lou is gonna be in La Ty Lou's coach in la. So, hey, that's why, that's what I think, right? With flag football making its Olympic debut during the 2028 games in Los Angeles, many expect NFL players to take part how?


But USA flag football quarterback Darryl hush de hush Doucette DiSette Feels people shouldn't be so quick to write off curb flag football players. I think it's disrespectful. It is that they just automatically assume that they're able to just join an Olympic team and because of the person that they are, they didn't help grow the game to get to the Olympics. Give us, give the guys who helped get the game to where it is, get where it's at their respect. Absolutely. Absolutely. Right. Yeah. Listen, I don't think people understand how good when you think about flag football. I think you're just thinking just out there running around pulling flags, man.


No, they, they call plays. It's more to it than that. It's more to it than that. I played with Doucette, I forgot what year this was. It was a while ago. I, I saw, I saw his team play. So flag football at that level at, I like to call it the elite level that he plays at is different. I tell you this, how about this? And I, I tell you no lie. And I guarantee you, you take how many, how many, how many flag players on the field? Chad, I'm, I'm not sure how many flag players on the field. You take the best NFL players that you want and I guarantee you play against Doucette Squad. His flag, his flag football team squad plays the best NFL players right now. I guarantee you they beat the NFL players because flag football with the nuances, the tricks and the things you can do to manipulate the game to your advantage.


NFL players don't know about that. It ain't just out there just running routes and catching the ball. It's so much more to it than that. So much more to it than that. So him saying and disrespectful it is, it is most, it most definitely is. I think OCHO is because we've had a lot of people ask, ask NFL players, right? Since the flag football is is gonna be an Olympic event at the, at the Olympics who, what NFL players would make great flag football players. And because it's got so much traction. I I how, how, lemme ask you a question, don't Joe, how they gonna play preseasons going on when the Olympics is going on? Yeah. So who, so what owner coach go let his players miss None.


None. None at all. None at all. And again, those that play flag football at that level, at that elite level like Darryl Doucette, they are eons above the elite players that are used to playing NFL football because the game, the flag football game is completely different. It's, it might sound easy, you might think you just go out there and just run and catch. There's more to it than that. Way more to it than that. That's why I said you take Darryl Doucette, you let him get his team, his best team, and you get the best NFL team and you play a game of flag football. The flag football players will beat the NFL players. Now you take the n you take the flag football players and put 'em on the NFL field and vice versa.


You gonna get watched for sure.


Our IHeartRadio Music festival presented by Capital One Coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New kids on the block, Paramore Shi Booze, the Black Crows Thomas Brett Victoria Monet, add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@axs.com.


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is backed for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. we are here to take you behind the scenes of drum roll, please. The Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Yes. Each week cast members will be joining us to spill all of the tea on the relentless challenges, heartbreaking eliminations, and of course all the juicy drama. And let's not forget about the hookups anyway, regardless of what era you are rooting for at home, everyone is welcome here on MTV's Official Challenge podcast. So join us every week as we break down episodes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Listen to MTV's official challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Ever Wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes, a new show by iHeart Women's Sports. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis in authentic conversations about volleyball and beyond. Learn what it takes to be the best in the sport and what it takes to stand on the podium from top athletes and figureheads in sports. Every week I'll dig into the perspectives from some of the best athletes in the world, like with Olympic gold medalist Justine Wong. I will say my journey has not been easy like whatsoever. I've, I've been cut from teams, I've made teams, I've been the starter. I've been a non-starter. And so for me to like say that I made the Olympics, like I immediately started crying And give insights and behind the scenes stories from the people who are making the biggest impacts on global volleyball and women's sports. From the likes of three time Olympic medalist Jordan Larson, I'm finding little ways to like do things differently. And now it's more of how can I help the next generation? You'll also learn about their other dream jobs if they weren't playing on the biggest stage, like from Olympian Lauren Carlini. I'm thinking about Starting a dog walking business, putting that out there for anyone's dogs who need to be walked or watched or fed or played With. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by the all new Toyota Camry. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe.


Neko GU McKay will take the reigns of LeBron's voting nonprofit ahead of this year's election with a focus on women and reproductive rights. LeBron founded more than a vote in 2020 and primarily focused on access for black Americans. It worked with the NAACP to get more poll workers ran tv, ran ads on television and online, and worked with sports venues to become polling locations and raised roughly 4.2 million according to the New York Times. LeBron posted so proud to pass the torch to Neke and the incredible team of women for the next round. Their voice is most powerful right now. And, we need to get behind them. I encourage y'all to join the fight with us led by these great ladies.


And more than just, more than a vote, Neko said a statement, no one else should have the power to make decision over our bodies and our healthcare. She's the president of the WNBA players Union and volunteered as a poll worker in 2020 elections alongside her sister Shena. Mm, I like it. I like it a lot. Listen, I'm not, I'm not one, I mean, there are three things that I've always, I've always promised myself to always stay away from, especially on platforms like ourself, like ours, politics, religion, and race. It gets iffy. It gets, it gets really iffy when it comes to those things. But this is something that, that I believe in, especially when it comes to women's rights.


It's your body, it's your choice. No one else should be in charge of that to be able to make decisions for you in any way, shape or form no matter what. So I'm in, I'm in full support of, of everything that LeBron is, is, is, is doing and being a part of it is ridiculous. The fact that we even got to this point to where those on the outside think they have the power or should have the power to tell you what you can do with your body is absolutely effing ridiculous. Well, I I just, you know, look, voting is, I mean, so many people died. I mean, when you think about the people that died or that Right, right.


To vote. To hear people say, well, I'm not gonna vote this year. I'm like, Wow, okay. You just own, I'm not gonna tell you what to do. Yeah. Do your thing. Congratulations, Mecca. Picking that torch up. Women want to be heard. It is their body. It is their right. And somehow it's only the women. Just imagine because I know. Hey, I tell you what, they try to take the, they try to take the, the thing what they just rolled out there. Yeah. And I couldn't get my hands on them. Boy, you best believe I got me a sign.


I won. Oh no, I, about that day at night. Yeah. I'm taking a leave of absence. Yeah. Oh no, I don't, don't blame you ain't Finn mess up. But, but, but, but my problem that people have is that they don't vote and then they got so much to say. Yeah. You didn't even vote. Shut up. If that was such an issue and that was such a concern of yours, you should have voted. Voted. Yeah. Once you don't vote, shut up. Yeah. I ain't gotta hear nothing you wanna say, I wanna hear nothing. Because whatever happens after you didn't vote, it deserves to happen.


Yeah. Because you should have voted. Yeah. I mean the, the fact that this is even in question is fucking ridiculous in itself. It's fucking ridiculous. Ojo. There's a new sport making the rounds. It's called Tennis. Baseball. Yeah. Take a look at this Ojo. That shit nice. This is dope. I saw this Going. Gun it back to play. Ah-Huh? Out there. Yeah. That was dope. That little curve ball out Uhuh. That's dope. I like, I like that a lot.


I like that a lot. You can tell everybody that's playing has some type of tennis background. You gotta have some type of tennis background. Yeah. To be able to know how to know how to swing Everybody that you can tell by that technique. Everyone plays tennis and they know, obviously they know the game of baseball as well. Man, that ball man, them jokers. Have you ever seen like professional tennis, like play close? Yeah. Yes. The might open. Oh my goodness. I saw Pete Sanford and Andre Agassi. They had a, a fundraiser in Baltimore. You watching Man? Oh, they were just playing around or was a It was an exhibition for fundraiser.


Boy, listen, but to see Sanford served that ball. Yeah. And what they could do with He served, he had a big serve. Man listen, I, I gotta see Carlos Alcaraz and Tommy Paul play here at Hard Rock Stadium. Okay. I gotta see Coco Golf play man up close. UNC is different. It's like watching hockey on TV and then watching hockey in person. It's understand How fast the game is until you see it and you actually right there. You don't understand how fast the ball is moving until you up close in person watching the boys hit the ball, man. I love it. Alright, Ocho.


Yo it's time for Rough. Draft and today's topic. NFL's most important positions. Take a look. Alright. Who's first? Me. Ocho. Ocho. You first? Nah, it's yo, you first. I done won the last two times As that. I went first, last time. You get to go first. Okay. You ready? Yep. Most Important. NFL positions. Yep. Quarterback.


I'm gonna take left. Tackle. That is a good one. DB defensive back. Okay, I'm gonna take d tackle. Dammit. That's where I was going. Yeah. All right. Since you took that, I'm gonna go defensive. End Wide receiver. I'm gonna go middle linebacker. Not just any, not just any middle linebacker. I'm talking about Fred, Fred Warner. Like Zaire Franklin type. Yeah. No Middle Backer is a middle backer. Nah, I had to make sure you, you knew what type of middle backers I was talking about. Okay. I'm gonna take Kicker.


Oh, that's a good one. Matter of fact, gimme the 12th. Man. The fan. The Fan. That ain't no position, but I'll let you have it. It ain't a Position, but it can affect the game game tremendously. Okay, Well he makes all the calls. So I'm gonna go center. Damn. You wanna go? Honorable Mention? Yeah, honorable Honor. My honorable mention. I'm gonna go right Tackle, since you went left, tackle.


Okay, I'll go, I'll take tight end. All right. All right. I like it. I know I probably, I I probably won that. I I won that list. All I know is your quarterback gonna get crushed.


I'm gonna hit you. I'm gonna hit your quarterback in the back of his head. Right. You got, you got, you got D Tackle, right? I got D Tackle. Yeah, I got Aaron Donald. Okay, well I got Ds in, I got TJ Watt And I got Williams or Michael Parsons. Either one. I got tr I got Trent Williams. Look, all my receivers that I got, Well look at all, all my, look at all my dbs I got. Oh, we'll cut Y'all cut y'all up. Uhuh, Uhuh? No sir. Who will snap you the ball? Oh, anybody can snap me the ball. Okay. Okay. Anybody, anybody Can snap me the ball? Ask, ask Alabama can anybody snap the ball?


You see what happened with that center? Yeah. He kept rolling it back. Alright, Ojo. What? We got Your favorite spell sink? Oh Hell no. It's on. Hey, let me see if I can find my hat, man. Because last time I ain't had my hat and that was the problem. My hat right here. It gotta be in here somewhere. Let's go.


Damn man, I lost my hat, man. Come on Ocho. You gotta find the hat. Ocho. Hey, like without the hat. Hey man. Huh? That hat, man. I don't know where my hat went man. I think man, probably done my hat, man. What's the date? What's the date? Ung Day is the 18th. I mean, what, what day is it? Sunday.


Alright, Ocho, you ready? Hell yeah. Ocho, we gonna start Y'all here? Okay. Have we had the fellow syn? Have we had the graphic? Chad, I got y'all chat right here. Chat. Okay. Ocho, we gonna start you out with an easy one. Perfunctory. Perfunctory. Perfunctory. Per Per perfunctory. Fun? Yes. Perfunctory. Perfunctory can use. Yes. Can you use it in a sentence please?


Let see, I'm gonna give you the or Origins also. Okay. He gave a very perfunctory nod. Okay. That means he gave a very Okay. Perfunctory. Okay. A nod of confidence. Perfunctory. Okay. You ready? Yep. Perfu, funk. Funy. Fun three. Fun three. PER funk.


F-U-N-C-T-E-R-Y-A. Funy. He he, you said TERY? No. What? P-E-R-F-U-N-C-T-O-R-Y. That's what I said. You said ER. Oh, so I was so close on the word. You were, you know, I didn't even heard of that before. I never heard it used before in the sentence either. That was my first time. I Wasn't. And I used it for you. I used it for you the sentence too. Yeah, Let's go. Boy, You were close. O Joe. Hold on. I got this.


Wow. Ah, hell man. You can't, we gotta get some more words. Why? What's wrong with those? Because you not gonna get 'em. I gotta give you a chance to get these. Nah, I, I get, man, what? Talking about this me, I went to Yale. I went to Harvard. Nah, all you doing is yelling. Okay. Seco font.


Seco seco font Seco Seco font. Seco font. Seco. It's psycho As says it's psycho. Oh, psycho. Psycho. Fontan. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. I'm ready. Psychos psycho fan or Fontan? Psycho. Okay. P-S-Y-C-O-F-A-N-T-S-Y-C-O-P-H-A-N-T.


What happened? I got it right. No, you wasn't even close. God Man, I sounded the shit out. It's SY Ah, I'm gonna give this easy one right here, Ocho. Hold on, hold on. Before you give it, let me, let me, let me, hang on, let me process something real quick, Okay? Okay. You know what, I'm ready. It don't, it don't matter. It don't matter how difficult it is. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm, I'm ready. I'm ready. I gotta I gotta sound it out. And I gotta do, like my grandma used to tell me.


Boom. I gotta make sure I ask you use it in a sentence. And when you use it in a sentence, I have to process everything based on the definition and the meaning of the word. And then spell it. I'm ready. I promise you. Hey Chad. I got, I got this right here. I promise you, Chad, on, on Jesus sandals. I'm not getting this wrong on everything. I believe in everything I stand for. This is for y'all. You on the phone? Yeah. Who You calling? I'm calling somebody that can help you spell these words.


Man, Ocho, this word so hard. I can be, I can't even pronounce it. Hold on. Hold. And I promise I'm telling you. Hold on. That's why I'm spelling this shit wrong, because it's hot. The motherfucker here. God damn. I got this right here though. I promise you. I promise you, Chad. I promise you Chad. I promise you. I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I, I worked too hard. I worked too hard for this shit, man. Anybody wanna help Ocho? Nah. Hey, I got, I got it. I'm telling, I promise you. Oh, Kiara. Ro What? Kiara, ro Kiara. Kiara ro. I used to, I used to. I I used to say a Kiara.


Yeah. In high school. Yeah. You know we right now, we playing. Who wants to be a millionaire? You need to phone a friend. Hold on, hold on Kiara. That, that's somebody's name. That ain't the word. What's the word you want me to, That's the word Kiara. Ro it's Italian. Hey, why would you gimme an Italian word? And I'm black. They got black Italian spaghetti. Right? That Out.


Hold on. Kiara. Kiara, okay. Okay. Boy, it's hot. Hey boy. I'm not boy. It's hot boy. Shit. Well, I'm sweating like a pig in a slaughterhouse, man. Yeah. Be you Kiara. Damn. I mean, listen, the only, only thing, only Italian I know how to spell is Belli. Yeah. Mario. This lady Mario Belli. Well, you about, you got his number. You better call him baby. He can help you Pronou baby. He can help you spell it. Word. Okay, I got it. I got it. Alright, Kiara.


Now the Italian language, they spell a little different than the English language. So Kiara, I know it starts with a K because the Italian language Key. Key. Yep. I, because Italians don't use the E that much. Everything's No, They don't. Everything's with a goddamn I for some reason. Yeah. So K, KI, Yeah. A RA Chiara.


C-H-I-A-R-O-S-C-U-R-O. Come on man. See, see I was at you. Come on. You got me at a disadvantage. Now what happened? Listen, I went to Oregon State. I went to Harvard and Yale for two semesters. Yeah. Nothing in that curriculum was, It would help you spell that word. Nothing. Nothing. I, we didn't do anything Italian. So to give me an Italian word to spell, he on Nightcap in front of the world. And, and, and like, come on. That's, that's, that's unfair. That's un that like, you, you can't handicap me like that.


I promise you I got the next one, but nothing Italian. Okay. Gimme something from the English language. Okay? Give me, gimme give, give 'em a word. Ash. Give something from the English language like that, that Italian shit. Unless it's, nah, you should have gave me like volatility or something. How about this here, refrigerator. Man, stop playing with your boy, man. Stop playing refrigerator. REF Hold on. Refrigerator. R-E-F-R-I-D-G-E-R-A-T-O-R Refrigerator. No, that's what I, that's what I always sneak in.


Yes. It's R-E-F-I-G-E-R-A-P-O-R. There's no D in refrigerator. I said T not DTI spelled it right. Whatcha talking about You had a, you had a, you had a D in front of the G? No, it's silent. No it ain't in there. Hey, In fridge. Ain't no D there. No. You sure? Yeah. You shoulda just said refrigerator. Hey, spell bridge. You. Huh? Spell bridge. How you spell bridge? B-R-I-D-G-E. Okay. Spell fridge.


Well see, you supposed see you put the rib in front of you supposed to say refrigerator. Nah man. Nah, come on man. Y'all see y'all butchering the English language. I know what I'm doing. Bridge and Fridge is spelled the same way. Once you add the R and the E, the D is there. So that's, see that's, that's what I'm talking about. About the English language. They don't know what the fuck they doing. You said you wanted Word from the English language. Huh? You said you wanted a word. Yeah, but I got it right. You telling me I got it Wrong, man. You had a D in the, oh, ain't no D in refrigerator. It's, it's not, it depends like what you, it depends what book you look at. You looked in the New Testament of the Old Testament.


Well, refrigerator ain't in neither one of them. They ain't have no refrigerator. They ain't have no refrigerator. Neither one of them man. Talking about looking at the New Testament of the Old Testament for a refrigerator. Ain't talking about The Bible. I'm talking about, I'm talking about the dictionary and the dictionary in, in the Old Testament in the, no, no, listen, I'm telling you man, my grandma, my, my grandma book man in her dictionary, in her Old Testament refrigerator was spelled with a D in the New Testament with the new kids. The, you mean New Edition?


You mean the new Edition? Yeah, it's called The first edition. Yeah. I called, listen, I called the Old Testament and the New Testament. Nah, okay. Nah, you say refrigerator. Refrigerator. Okay. Ocho didn't do too well tonight. Y'all, y'all have to understand Ocho hasn't had his hat. That was my last one. Ocho hadn't had his hat in a while, so hopefully he brings his hat on on the live tour. So we get, so we get some, we get some of these words right?


Our iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One, Coming back to Las Vegas, September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila, Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shi Booze, the Black Crows Thomas rtt, Victoria Monet. Add more. Get tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before they sell out@axs.com.


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


MTV's official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season. Y'all And, we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And then there's me, Devon Rogers And. We are here to take you behind the scenes of drum roll, please. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, No. The Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Yes. Each week cast members will be joining us to spill all of the tea on the relentless challenges, heartbreaking eliminations, and of course all the juicy drama. And let's not forget about the hookups. Anyway, regardless of what era you are rooting for at home, everyone is welcome here on MTV's Official Challenge podcast. So join us every week as we break down episodes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Listen to MTV's official challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League one Volleyball's podcast, serving pancakes, a new show by iHeart Women's Sports. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about volleyball and beyond. Learn what it takes to be the best in the sport and what it takes to stand on the podium from top athletes and figureheads in sports. Every week I'll dig into the perspectives from some of the best athletes in the world, like with Olympic gold medalist, Justine Wong. I will say my journey has not been easy like whatsoever. I've, I've been cut from teams, I've made teams, I've been the starter. I've been a non-starter. And so for me to like say that I made the Olympics, like I immediately started crying And give insights and behind the scenes stories from the people who are making the biggest impacts on global volleyball and women's sports. From the likes of three time Olympic medalists, Jordan Larson, I'm finding little ways to like do things differently. And now it's more of how can I help the next generation? You'll also learn about their other dream jobs if they weren't playing on the biggest stage, like from Olympian Lauren Carlini, I'm thinking about starting a dog walking business, putting that out there for anyone's dogs. You need to be walked or watched or fed or played With. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake up with football every morning and listen to my new podcast, NFL Daily with Greg Rosenthal. Five days a week, you'll get all the latest news and the best analysis delivered by the time you get your coffee. The show hits every single game every single week, but I can't do it alone. So I'm bringing in all the big guns from NFL media like Colleen Wolf. Subscribe today and you'll immediately be smarter and funnier than your friends. Listen now on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by the all new Toyota Camry. Whatever your vibe. It's a Camry vibe.


Alright, now it's time for your favorite segment. Yeah, Dunk on Unc. Yeah. We going, we going, we going dump a right? So what, what part are we using? Hold on, hold on. Lemme lemme, lemme get back to it. Are you ready? Yeah. Oh yeah. Hey, we talking football baby. Okay, we talking football. Oh, we are talking football. Chad. Y'all ready? Chad? Here we go. Name the player of this iconic performance. So this will be a stat based question.


Okay. He had 296 yards rushing against the Chargers. Adrian Peterson. Well, god damn, can I finish the question? Okay. All right. I just, I gave y'all that computer. I gave you a light logged on though, Joe. I gave you a light one. I gave you a light one. How many receiving yards does your brother Sterling Sharp have in 1994? How many receiving yards does Sterling sharp halve? In 1994, He had 94 catches.


18 touchdowns. 1,094. No, that is wrong. Absolutely wrong. He had 1,119 yards in 1994. Yeah. Yeah. He was so high. Yeah. Look at you. You got it wrong. And now here we got another one name. This former NFL player off of the following stats and information. Okay? He has 766 career receptions. 11,069 yards. He played for the Patriots.


He played for the Patriots. Yes sir. Anybody else? Dolphins? Anybody else? Huh? Wes? We, no, It's wrong. Oh, you, you got it wrong. Let's go, let's go. That's what I'm talking about. Hold on. That's what I'm talking about. About, no, hold on. You play for the Bengals. You gotta gimme all the information. Not part of it. I, I I What do you mean?


I was Finn to say Bengals, but you No, you ain't say nothing. Y'all hold on. Y'all cheating. Do y'all see that man cheating? Hold On, hold on. Listen now listen to me. Listen to me. You asked me who else I was getting ready. I said huh? And be when I said, huh? No, You ain't no say no. Huh? Wait, lemme, lemme do that. You gotta give Ocho you gotta give all the information. I know this guy played for the Bengals. This guy played for the Patriots and the Dolphins. Right? But I was getting ready to tell you, I was getting ready to say, well that when you say, huh? I didn't hear you clear, but Let's y'all see him. Hey Chad. Y'all see him cheating? You said y'all See him cheating, right? Chad, You said West before I give you said West. No, you Ng but you got it wrong. Anyway, here we go.


Here we go. Ready? Yes. What NFL player said the following quote, no matter the circumstance you may be going through, just push through it. No matter the circumstance you may be going through, just push through it. I don't know Vince Lombardi, I don't know wrong The greatest middle linebacker of all time. Who I flatten numerous times when we played two times a year. The infamous, the incomparable 52 Ray Sugar Lewis.


Stop playing. Let's go. You cheated. Let's go. You got that two. I told you I give this one About me and my spelling. You man, you ready? Yep. Last one. It seemed like your computer ain't plugged in. Maybe you need to plug it in. Name. What? What you drinking? Laier. That's that, that Smart Juice. Okay. All right. Well you, you gonna need it right here. You gonna need it too. Name the eight new head coaches and their teams that were hired for the 2024 NFL season. Really? Ocho? Yeah. Yeah, yeah.


What's the problem? You don't know because I know you don't know. Antonio Pierce. Okay. Raiders. Callahan Titan. Raheem. Morris Falcons. Okay. Harbaugh Chargers. Yes, sir. So you gonna see, let's see. Okay, lemme have to go. Okay.


You got fomo. I know the Patriots and but I I'm drawing the blank on this linebacker's name. I'm not gonna get, I'm not gonna get what you call 'em. I already know I'm not gonna get the, the, the Panthers head coach. I'm not gonna get him. So you Don't know his name? I'm not gonna get that one. He looked like he looked like Mayo. Mayo is the guy from the Patriots. Yep. Okay. That's five. The, the Panthers head coach looked like he should be on the Bachelor.


What's the first letter? D? Start with what? DI Don't know. I think you tried to throw me off. No, start with DI ain't bullshitting. I promise you, you still, you still got, you still got three more? I got three more. Oh. Yeah. So I got the, the Panther. You got Coach. Wait, you didn't get his name right? How? Oh, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. You the commander. Dan, hold on. You the commander Is Dan the Commander's Dan Quinn. There You go. Okay. So you got two more? You got two left. Oh no. You got three left? No, I got two.


Who's the tight, who's the Titans head coach. See Callahan. Okay. All right. You Bill Callahan fund. You Got two. I just tell you, you got Seahawks and you got Panthers. Ooh, ah, Seahawks.


Oh man, You done so I'm just letting you only, you only got Canal. You only got who? Canals is The Panthers? Yeah. Yep. Now you got one more Seahawks and I ain't get Seahawks. It. It's been so much time. Like you, you can't, you can't take all this. I ain't gonna get it. I probably, I'm Hey, gimme initial. Gimme where to start with initial. No. Nope. No, no. Why you ain't gonna help me? Oh, I been help you. I gave you 23 minutes. Three to, to get eight names. Mike McDonald.


So you Okay, Mike McDonald, Ocho. Think about what you give. I got a name. Okay. I gotta go through this. 32 head. There's 32 jobs. Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on. Think about this. Yeah, but get them 32 jobs. I gave you eight coaches that just got hired, right? Yes. Look at the words you just asked me to spell. That's way more difficult. I gave you refrigerator. Huh? You refrigerator. I spelled it right. That's, Hey, I get you refrigerator.


Hey. Hey. That's messed up. Oh man, that was funny. Oh, that was funny. You only got one, right? So we got it. We both got it. We was both the same. You Think so, Joe? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, Ocho you cheated me. Nah, I, I don't never. Alright, Ocho this is my last segment. Yo, Q And a.


I wasn't gonna get, I wasn't gonna get to Seahawks. Nah, I Definitely, Mike McDonald, who's coaching umbrella? Is he coming from? Hell, I don't know. Is that the Mike McDonald? That ain't the Mike McDonald used to be the quarterback at Southern Cal. Is it? That was Paul McDonald. I don't know who I, I ain't never heard of this guy. Where is he from? Oh, he is the Ravens DC Oh, he is the Ravens DC Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. He was up on Harbaugh at Michigan. Ah. And then he came to John and then now he's the head coach. So he came from under John Harbaugh's treat.


Alright. Ocho Q and A. Okay. Yeah. Him underscoring nine tens UNC and their sweat like Trinidad. James. Man, Ocho was cheating on me, man. Nah, He ocho all you had to do is say he played for the Bengals and the Patriots. Why would you say that? You got it wrong man. Bro. You, you got it wrong. You played, you played 10 years with the Bengals. This a cheat. The break rule said you guys are great. Can't wait to watch you guys do the regular season. Much love Break rule. Dream 32 said, met three of my childhood heroes yesterday.


And Fanatics Fest, you Ocho, Mike Vick and Adrian Peterson was great experience. Thank you for the picture. Yes sir. Aaron Owen said, who's on your Mount Rushmore of NFL head coaches? Oh well Bill Belichick is obviously first I, I would think, you know, you have some of the greats. Your Tom Landry, your John Maddens. You only get four now. You throwing out some names real quick? Yeah, I mean I'm, I'm, I'm throwing out. I'm, I'm thinking of and I went, I went straight old school too. Don Shula? No. Yeah you can, you can put him up there. Yeah. If that's who you want.


Yeah. That's a good four. Belichick Lombardi. Oh shit. I ain't even named Vince. My bad. I'm tripping. I like Bill Walsh. Bill Yo. And you know who else I take Ocho? Who? It's a toss up between these two. Paul Brown and Don Shula. I take Paul Brown. That's a good one. Paul is a good one. When it's all said and done. Not so sure Andy Reed ain't gonna be on Mount Rushmore.


You know what? Definitely will have a spot somebody, somebody gonna have to scoot over. I don't know who. Yep. I'm a Titan fan. Do you? I'm a Titan. Okay. Sheldon Pope said I'm a Titan fans. Do you think the Titans have a chance in the AFCs South we've added Calvin Ridley, Tyler Boyd to the offense. Jamal Adams on defense. You also signed other guy. Qure Diggs. Real Levison. And the second year And, we had still have D Hop. Huh? Not only that. And they added Jamal Adams. Yeah. Jamal Adams. Qure Diggs. Yeah because they was in Seattle together. They got a, and you know they got Simons. Yeah, Simmons. Jeffrey Simmons. Yeah. Yeah. Simmons. Simmons. Okay. Simmons. They got a nice little squad there.


They Do. They do. Can they win the south? I would take the Tex. I've got the Texans. Yeah. But that bitch gonna be tough 'cause I think Jacksonville will be better this year. Anthony Richards back Healthy. Anthony Richardson's back. He can stay healthy. They look defensive. They're really good. They got some nice offensive pieces. Trying to think What Tim Akins. Hey, tomorrow's my girlfriend Quinta birthday. She's turning 18. Damn bro. How old you on here? I just got, I just got Nightcap. We both love you. Love you. Show y'all please wish a happy birthday to her and I want you to say thank y'all Quinta.


Tim wants to wish you a happy birthday. Happy 18th birthday. Hopefully he's 19. Happy birthday, but happy birthday. Enjoy your birthday tomorrow and many, many more to come you. Hey Shannon. Just one. If you'll ever do a weird video and give us more insight into your diet supplement regimen. I'm a medical doctor and a certified personal trainer. I'm just not interested. I'm interested in what you do to maintain your physique beat Jordan I thought about it from time to time. I mean, I, I got a very simple diet.


I eat the same thing every day. Chicken, rice, broccoli, carrots, chicken, rice, broccoli, carrots, chicken, rice, broccoli, carrots, egg white chicken burrito for breakfast. Or we can make that a song. I do get a cheat meal. I get two cheap meals a week. I'll have 2 80 20 burgers with sweet potato fries and, and then Saturday or Sunday I can have anything. I can have fresh toast so I can have pancakes with bacon and egg whites. So I get have to eat. I think I have to eat what?


Try to eat like 18 great meals and then I get two meals. I can eat whatever I want. Not days, I don't get cheat days. I get cheat meals. So for every 18 meals I eat good. I get two meals. I can eat whatever I want. Mm. What cake Man? Ain't no cake in there. Do y'all watch Power Slap and if so, slap Ali. Y'all watch ocho. You've been challenging all these Olympic athletes but been ducking my challenge. Head-to-head fellow cinco live in Atlanta this Thursday. Man, you ain't gonna out spell me man. Stop playing man. Stop playing.


Listen, I don't like you want, I spell words that we ain't never heard before. We've never had to use in our vocabulary. You know, you not ready for that. It ain't gonna be your everyday words that you used to hearing. You got it Mocho? Yeah, I got it man. Can't nobody out spell me man. Nah, I dunno. So you might need to get your hat, Huh? Yeah. Hey listen, rep at a time. My goddamn damn real to find my damn hat. I know that like nobody should have even been in my game room. I leave my hat right here by my gaming system so when it's time for fellow Cinco, I'm ready. All of a sudden now my hat ain't here and now I can't get my goddamn words right.


She might, she might be wearing your hat in Turks and Caicos. Nah, Nah, I don't do that. Don't do that. You don't need no hat out there. Hey what? Hey listen, I ain't, I ain't even playing boy. It's hot in the sun. Bitch in here bro. I'm in here fighting for my life. Well, alright, that concludes our show. Thank you for watching another episode of Nightcap. You know your boy back on First Take tomorrow. Am Brighton early. Catch your boy back. First time back in a minute. Stephen Ed. I go hold that thing down with Molly. Hey, y'all Give y'all, y'all gimme a shout out. Y'all gimme a shout out. We got you. Thank you for watching another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe.


He's your favorite. Number 85. Do what the shirt says. Please make sure you like and subscribe. We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Guys, make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, every podcast subscriber helps. Thank you guys for helping us get to the top of the charts, helping us stay there as well. Please make sure you check out My Shea by La Portier. We have it in stock and if we don't have it in a city or a state near you, you can order it, get it shipped right to your door. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms, Shehe Media and my clothing company 84. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Caitlyn Clark breaks the WNBA rookie assist record with the wind over the storm.


Little, little, little, you know, gamesmanship going on there. Tyreek Hill officially. Challenges Noah allows to a 50 yard race. I don't think Noah's gonna be interested in that, but hey, we'll see. And Caleb Williams is projecting greatness for himself and R Duney. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I'm Unc, he's ocho. We'll see you soon. I love y'all back tomorrow, right? Oh, we're back tomorrow. The Volume.


Ever wonder what it takes to be a professional athlete or how the best in the sport are taking those skills to elevate women's sports to a whole new level? I'm Tiffany Osinski, host of League One Volleyball's podcast serving pancakes. Get ready for some unfiltered analysis and authentic conversations about the sport itself and what it takes to stand on the podium. I'll be joined by top athletes and figureheads in sports as we dive deep into match play mindset and memories from years past. And you can guarantee that pancakes will be on the menu. Listen to serving pancakes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello. Hello. Malcolm Gladwell. Here. I want to tell you about a new series we're launching at Pushkin Industries on the 1936 Olympic Games, a adult Hitler's games, fascism, antisemitism, racism, high Olympic ideals, craven, self-interest, naked ambition, illusion, delusion, all collide in the long, contentious lead up to the most controversial Olympics in history. The Germans put on a propaganda show and America went along with all of it. Why? Listen to this season of revisionist history on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome to In Case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast that's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to Breaking News, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. Listen to in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. And remember, in case you missed it, don't worry. I've got you covered.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One, September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena, here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Doja Cat, Dua Lipa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more buy tickets now with axs.com.


New from Embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on Tested a new series from CBC and NPRs Embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.