
If you love iPhone, you'll ll love Apple. Card. It comes with the privacy and security you expect from Apple. Plus you earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, which can automatically earn interest when you open a high yield savings account through Apple Card Apply for Apple. Card in the Wallet app. Subject to credit approval. Savings is available to Apple Card owners Subject to eligibility. Apple Card and savings by Goldman Sachs Bank USA Salt Lake City Branch member FDI C Terms and more at Apple Card dot com.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball The, blind Side and Liar's Poker. On The latest season of my podcast against The Rules. I'm exploring What. It means to be a sports fan in America and What The Rise of Sports Betting is doing To our team, our states and ourselves, join me and listen to Against The Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against The rules. Listen to Against The Rules on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about or I Odoo a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird, it's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in The weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcast.


Muhammad Ali George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of The world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind The Rumble. In The Jungle is like a Hollywood Movie, But that is only half The story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam maba, Al The Biggest Slack Artists that on The planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcast. What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from The New Orleans Saints here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off The Edge with me Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have The biggest N FL Stars. Join me to give a player's perspective of The biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around The League. So tap into off The edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for Al things football and not football. Listen on The iHeart radio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcast.


The Volume


TD Tudy, taking It to The House reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of The N FL on The ground in The Air from The special team or The Defense. We don't care ho you score. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is The number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first N FL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking sports book app and make your bet today ready to Odoo your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and Get 250 instantly in bonus bets and Get. One month free of N FL plus premium. Download The Draftking sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to Get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five bucks and Get one month free of N FL plus premium only on DraftKings The. Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


You have to be impressed with Jane Dame. Yeah, hell he went head to head, he went head to head with number one overall draft pick Joe Burrow. Yeah, he beat him. He went head to head with number one overall draft pick. Kyle Murray. He beat him. He lost Lamar. But look, he ain't got nothing to hold his head down because he played well he played, he played well. Lamar is just Lamar. He's just Lamar. Yeah. And so like hey, maybe next time. But The Ravens without offense when they can run The football, like they can run It and they can throw It. Lamar is dealing like he's dealing, they're gonna be awful difficult to be Ocho. So basically What you're saying is you're taking The whole season in Las Vegas and you starting over from scratch.


Yep. With The possibility of getting Shado Sanders and I'm gonna have The Lions draft pick, you Know What Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. But hey, you cooking? Huh? You cooking? Okay. You, you cooking, you C. I like, I like, I like What Ada listen, I like What you putting down and I'm finna pick It up. I like that. But we, I mean The Ra. Ooh that's a good one. See, So Crosby, Crosby, Crosby to The Lions Raiders ain't going nowhere. Hey What First round draft pick Crosby worth The first. Right? They probably, they probably for a second. I I would trade The first 'cause I know where I'm gonna be picking. It's gonna be way down.


Can you imagine that Hudson going down and Cro cro be coming in and picking up right where Aiden left off. Right Man, complete hell Raiser. He The, hell raiser, he's disruptive. Hey, but What would happen next year when Aiden comes back though. I put his ass on The side. Hold on. They could play The. Hey other side. I worry about that next year. I see. Lemme worry about that next year. Hey you worry about that. You worry about too much right now. That's say that's Tough. That's that's a good one though. I like that just fire sale. But they ho Odoo you think that make The The The The players that are on The Raiders field. Man about you just say, you know What, okay, we give up.


We, we, we, we we calling this season. We, we we done, we done, we don't have a chance to compete. We don't have a chance to win. So we gonna make some moves. They don't and they should Bears beat The Jags in London. The Bears are four in two after beating one in three Titans, one in four rounds, one in four Panthers, one in five Jags are The Bears contenders or they're just beating on, on beating up on not particularly good team. They're Not beating on, they're not beating up, they're, they're beating up on bad team. But I think it's good for th it's good for The morale of The team. It's good for Caleb Williams to Get themself in rhythm. You know, I think to help his confidence as his confidence continues to grow, it's not gonna matter ho they playing.


He's always gonna be consistent The fact that if we can Get a consistent K Williams week in and week out and not turn The ball over and always give you a team a chance to win, man, he, he, he's gonna be one of th boys because he has Al The intangible, he has Al The tools to be just like a Jayden. Daniels just like a CJ Shroud. He was drafted number one to change that franchise around. And he has The ability to Odoo that despite The inconsistencies that we saw in The preseason and a little bit earlier in The season since It started started. But he, he, he look pretty, look pretty good today. I have one question and I have another question for The chat too. For those that are watching, what's that ho long? Are we gonna give Trevor Lawrence to pass?


I mean God, god damn. Give him no damn pass 55 million. Shit Man he been, he been bad, bad been real bad. He make, he making 55 a year. Dude, that's a lot. Boy The point of making that kind of money is I'm saying hell, I know you have to touch The Ball Al The time and we feel you give us our best chance to win consistently every time we put The Ball in your hands. And that is not What he's doing. And he got some weapons, some good ones. He got, he got Christian Kirk, he got Gabe Davis.


He got Evan Ingram some Good ones. He got, he got some weapons. Yeah, they got at N and Big N. The back at N is hurt right now, but Yeah. Yeah, but he, he Odoo. Yeah. There's no reason for him to be playing as bad as he's playing. That's The problem. Yeah, at some point in time we gotta hold him accountable. We hold everybody accountable. We don't, we don't make excuses Right Either you're doing It or you're not. Now we gave you a pass The first year because Urban was there. I'm not so sure The Urban Style works in The, N FL but hey, we gave you a pass for that one and you Get Doug Peterson and The first year was kinda okay but bro, bro right now wait, What kind kind of ho look Like What like stir fry.


Stir fry. He ain't looking good Ocho he ain't looking good. And you looking at this since The realignment in 2002 you got four team Al above 500 and with with four wins. No team. I don't think any division has had that since oh two five in oh Minnesota four and one Detroit four and two Green Bay four and two Chicago. Damn man. Yeah. And yeah, Trevor Lawrence, he has to play better. I mean, It, it's it's still early. He has to play better.


It's still early in The season. He's just not playing well right now. Now if this continues, I'm sure he's, he's he's The type of player based on What I've seen in The past Al samples. Huh? You remember he dropped off a cliff last year or Joe? Oh Yeah he did. He did. Remember you dropped off a cliff last year. Did I think they lost their last What last four last five games. A F C. Yeah, they was The number one seed in The whole a f C and then dropped The last four. That that confidence among that that confidence. ho Oh man. I mean I'm not even gonna mention that because you The starter. He don't, he don't have no, nobody peeping over his shoulder. He's already gotten paid now. So his le his his his his leashes listen well Mac Jones is there ain't put no Mac Jones in there and they just paid Young Bull before The season started or was that last year he got paid Now that was this off season.


Yeah, he def yeah, he, he had, he ain't got nothing to worry about about right now. Too much money. Too much money to put on The bench What well chat anyway like, like I was saying, I don't think that you look at, you think about Al The, Al The other team that Unc just name and look at The weaponry that they have at their disposal. I think The Cowboys have some, they have some good players. They don't have that oomph. You know, you got, you got CD and you need something else that that really, that commands that kind of, you know, that kind of attention that that that kind of alleviates The pressure off of Deck alleviate some of The pressure off of, off of cd. It It is hard to explain but most of The team Odoo have that shit.


I I don't, I don't, I don't know ho to say It. I'm trying to say It without being disrespectful to The players that are there. I mean they, they they good, you know, it's okay, but there's, there's levels and there's different tiers to The shit. And I think that's What, that's What, The Cowboys might be missing a little bit, especially offensively. 'cause if you, if if your defense is bad, your identity has to be somewhere, your identity gotta be somewhere. Either your identity is on offense or your identity is on fucking defense. It can't be on Bose sides of The ball. If your defense is bad, that means your offense has to be just that much better and they just need, need more. They just need more. That's It. And we need Jerry to sit down and I'm talking about we, because I feel bad for The Cowboys fans.


Hell, I feel bad for The Cowboys players, you know? Now I understand What, Suge Knight was talking about that same speech he gave at whatever The war show that was is pertaining to Jerry. Same thing. Same thing. Let us play. Let The coaches coach a great team. Somebody say Ocho a great team needs Bose sides. No It doesn't, great team doesn't need Bose sides and you'll never Get that. You'll never Get that. A team is always lopsided, even The team that have won Super Bowls, it's always lopsided at, at some point somewhere you can't have a great defense and a great offense.


That's like impossible. You think about The Ravens, when they won The Super Bowl defense let up What they gave let up 10 points and entire fighter Yeah. A game. Hey, somebody Game. I mean you, you better you you're better at explaining It to me or to th as opposed someone saying you need a great team on Bose sides of The Ball to win. No Bingo. You need, you need to play complimentary football because I think The markup any good team Mocho ho you have to, can you Get done What, you need to Get done when you absolutely have to go back and look at The chiefs. Look ho they played bad Al last year, but in The playoffs.


Yeah. When they needed to Get a key third down What did they Odoo they got It when they needed to Get a stop The defense was consistent Al year they, They got off The field, but when they needed to Get off The field, they got off The Field when they needed to force The turnover punch It out when Za Flowers was about to Get The ball What does Knee Odoo punch It out? They Get on It. So you need to be able to play complimentary football. You need to be, you need to be really good in two of The three phases. Right? But at The other phase, can you compliment that? Can you Get timely turnovers? Can you Get a timely third down? Can you pin can you pun or pin him down? Can he your kicker make a big kick? Dallas has a kick a kicker that has a, a cannon for a leg. I mean he's damn near automatic, but they're so bad on Bose side, on The other side offensively and, and defensively they can't look at that.


They couldn't protect him. The best thing, I mean, The Hutchinson, he, he tib hopeful make a come back next year because he had a compound, a compound. Tibia fib. Yeah. And you see that, you see that injury a lot of times. Ocho MMA when they kick and The guy checks him. Yep. We saw Anderson silver break his leg like that. I think we saw Rock Rockwell break his, I think that's his, his last name break his leg break like that It might not have been The, same thing. But his, his ankle snapped in half. He Get kicked. Remember he went back The step and and The in half. Ah Yeah. And The guy checks him. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. We've seen that. We see Anderson s Silver broke his leg. I think Anderson s Silver did that.


We've seen a, a loop was It Rock Hole Rock one of those, another guy that ho was It and so we saw that but they couldn't block him. Okay, yeah, Yeah. Chris Wideman. Chris Weidman, that's ho It was Chris Wideman kick guy checked him, snaps It in half. He's making a play. Ocho his leg whips around. We saw O RG three, his leg wet like that, but he tore everything in his knee. His has later like a com a compound fracture. So hopefully he gets back next year.


'cause he was having an unbelievable season. They couldn't block him. They did a great job of stunning and Yeah, The offensive line. OCHO is not What It once was, we were saying when Dhap was a free agent, that's when I thought The chiefs would go after him. But What The chiefs had on The table versus What, Tennessee had on The table was two different. I Get It, I Get It I'm saying had dhap. If The numbers were comparable, 12 million versus 1516 with a chance to win and have Patrick Mahomes and Andy Reed called and plays Patrick Mahomes throwing me The Ball versus Tennessee and Will Levi. So Malik Willis.


Well, It seems like it's a no-brainer to me considering D Hop is probably made north of a hundred million dollars. But hey, I don't count no man's pockets. He wants to take The money. I Get It, but I don't know if tennis, if Kansas City had a comparable offer on The table. But yeah, Ocho Tony Brown Jr. Says Daniel Jones is officially a part of a part of The ski mask offer. Yeah, that's that's A good one. Ocho, he's stealing money. Ski mask Al Stars. I like that. I like that. He I like that. Hey, I I, yeah, The time was impeccable. The time was impeccable for him to Get paid Though you got those ski mask on Timer was impeccable.


There was no quarterback, there was nowhere else for him to go. They, they, they had no choice. Their hands was behind their back. What else were they gonna Odoo E Listen, you gotta understand The value of The position. That's Al. It was The value of The position. Oh, Henry providing value. Absolutely. Okay. That was a good one. Absolutely. Because at The end of The day, look at Christian McCaffrey.


Yeah. Is he value? Oh yeah. You come out better with Saquon and a lesser tier quarterback that doesn't make The mistakes that Daniel Jones, you're not winning anything with Daniel Jones. You're just not Ocho you're not, and I think a lot of people believe no, that if David Cutcliffe was not Daniel Jones head coach offensive coordinator, he ain't going where he is going. But he coached Eli, he coached Peyton. He's probably telling this guy is more athletic than Peyton, than Eli combined. Have th on Take take more than that though, huh?


Oh Man. Cam Jordan believes that The greatest quarterback of Al time is Drew Brees not Tom Brady. Jordan shared his hot take on Aman St. Brown's podcast. S saying, drew Rees is The best quarterback of Al time. There's no, there's nobody ho has The completion percentage that Drew has, there's nobody that has The five, most 5,000 yard season that Drew has It took Tom Brady an extra two years to break Bri's record. If you're talking about accomplishments, yes, Tom Brady. But if you want to look at stats, pat your stats. Okay. Put your stats because Drew got those when he left. There were so many records, so many that he owned.


Now after Tom retired, Tom Brady played another two years and broke most of th I believe, I like, I like, I like The argument. I like The argument. And You taking, you taking Drew over to over Peyton. Hell nah. I mean, listen, I love The argument. This Cam Jordan, I, he, he's going to take a for quarterback, you know? Yeah. I like The argument. Then we talk about Drew B still one of The best. Yeah. One of The best of Al time, no matter, no matter What. But now we are comparing th to The greatest of Al time. So now you got, you got a little, little bit too much dip on your chip cam. I love you. I I love you. I love you. I I love ho you can, you can find ways to Yeah.


He's supposed to walk with his guy, Your quarterback and, and, and shed The light to where you feel he's better than Tom Brady. But that's just not The case. No matter ho you try to splice It, no matter What numbers you use with no matter What percentages, you may use Tom Brady is The best they ever played. There's not, I don't know if there's ever gonna be a situation where Right. Voters, people put drew over Tom hold, Hold to our voters people. I just don't feel scenario ho else Would. No, I'm just saying I don't, I don't see a scenario where, you know, you're like, yeah, And it's not, it's not a bad thing.


Now we talk about Drew, drew still one of The best of Al time. No, But then we're you, you're comparing him to The Greatest of Al time. I agree. So then there there's a little bit of, there's a little bit of disconnect. Your wifi. Yeah. It ain't got Al The goddamn bars. Right, right. I agree. But I, I think had, Right, And you look at Drew's completion percentage, you look at those 5,000 yard seasons. Yeah. Had he had more Super Bowl appearances, now we can have an argument. Right. He has two, he has an MVP. Now we can have an argument, but with one Super Bowl appearance, one not enough Super Bowl.


MVP. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know ho we Get their OCHO and he had, like I said, The completion percentage. I think What, he complete 70% of his passes. Yeah. He had four or five, 5,000 yard seasons and you know, yeah. He did have What yard passing yardage. I think he might have had The touchdown record. But you need, you needed a few more. I mean, let's just say he has three or he has two or three. Let's just say he has two Super Bowls, three MVPs. They would like. Okay. I don't think he quite Get does. Yeah. Ocho. But I can, I can see What people would say it's kinda like, like, like Tom has seven Super Bowls.


Five MV five. Right. Super Super Bowl MVPs. He has five. Yeah. Five and three regular season MVPs. Peyton has five regular season MVPs, two Super Bowl appearances with two different team and a Super Bowl MVP. But he has four appearances Bose. So he went two with The, PA two with The Colts, two with The Broncos. So you like, okay. I think Drew would Right. Would need something like that in order, would need something like that.


Yeah. But I Get look. Yeah, Always. That's your teammate. I gotta rock my teammate because they asked me, well ho Odoo, you wanna be your quarterback John? Man, why Odoo? You say It Because I got Super Bowls with John and I got a gold jacket with John. Right. I mean What, y'all want me to say The Patriots Rookie Drake Maye and his girlfriend Anna Michael Hudsons started dating when they were 12 years old, 10 years old. That's live, they're still dating Ojo when I was 12. Odoo You remember your girlfriend from when you were 12 years old? Remember? I I I told The story. I told The story. I thought she was my girl at The time, you know? Yeah. I let her Get my crayons out my, my 64 crayon box.


I let her Get The red shades. And I, you know, I went to PE and she was playing with somebody else at pe. So I thought she was my girl at The time. I, I think probably if, you know, she was loyal during those days, we would probably still be together today. Now I'm, I'm, I'm, I just, I think we would because I, I mean listen, I, I had loved her. I don't think you understand The importance of having a 64 box of Crayola crayons back in th days that, oh, that was like having a, a Ferrari or a Lamborghini for us as kids. 64 box of Crayola crayons. And I gave you, I gave you three of my red color shades.


You like three different shades of red. I let you use 'em. 'cause you need to use th and, and when you go to pe you playing with Timothy. Well Timothy said he needed a shade of red. Hey boy. After that, well she came, they came back to class. I took my goddamn damn crayons back, back. I ain't speak up, but I ain't speak up about two months. Don't even look my way. Yo, your ugly. That's okay. That's Al. Right? Timothy was talking to her. Oh, Timothy C don't worry About him. Timothy couldn't Odoo nothing with Mean, because he Had a, he only had eight, eight pack of crayons. Yeah. His, his parents didn't Get him. The six four box. So that's The same. You just talked about that message.


About 80 20. She left, she left The 80 for The. 20%. Yeah, But guess What. She said you know What Timothy said I got eight pack and her you got 64 pack and nothing. I take eight pack Of her. That's because she gonna Odoo It. Hey listen, The, one thing about It, if she did It to me, she gonna Odoo It to you. That's okay. I'm trying to think 12. But Don Get don't, don't Get The line. Eighth, Seventh, seventh or eighth. Don't give The line. Probably seventh grade.


Yeah, I ain't saying nothing 'cause I already told you my casket gonna wear a lot. 'cause I'm taking a lot of itch to my grade. Yeah. I just want y'all to know I'm gonna need some strong brothers. I'm gonna need six of The strongest brothers I got, y'all got. 'cause my casket going be extra heavy. Ocho I'm taking itch to my grade. O Joe Count, former co count, former head coach, six time Super Bowl winning head coach of The head coach Bill Belichick among those ho are confused with The. Just decision to fire coach Robert s after just five games.


It is a little bit puzzling. It is What, It is, and everybody has to move forward. It's an honest prerogative to make that decision got and clearly that's What. He decided to Odoo. But there have been a lot of things that have been kind of confusing. It hasn't been a great situation for The Jet this year. You can, you can kind of feel that this been kind of, kind Of a chill Johnson know damn What. That wasn't his goddamn call. Come on now. The jet of two and three. We Al know. Listen, they Bose had a book. Robert Salter had a book and Aaron Rogers had a book. Neither one th motherfuckers on The. Same page. We know that we can see The, body language, The mannerisms. They run on The. Same page when they did The press conference talking about The cadence, they run on The. Same page. A quarterback and head coach always on The.


Same page at Al times. They did not Get along. Aaron Rogers needs to take accountability, which he has done for his play. The Jets are two and three right now. The goddamn Jets was two and three was Zach Wilson last year at The. Same time at The Week five point. Yeah. Hold on. Stay, stay, stay with me now. I know, I know. Wanna jump on me by that? But I'm just saying. So hey, if based off that you might as well stuck with It, you might as well have stuck with Zack. Aaron Rogers has to play better. The defense is playing Well they're, they're playing. Okay. I'm not saying they're playing lights out like they were last year, but It is earlier in The season. I'm sure they're gonna Get better as The season goes on. But we need a little bit more of The. Aaron Rogers of old.


That's It. We need a little bit more The mistakes. Yeah. The interceptions. You can't, you can't, you can't Odoo It. You're killing your team. You're killing your team. When when has he, You What Gotten along with any culture? I I don't, I don't, you know, know, know, it's funny when, when I think about It, when The by The time he got along with Coach. It's The first time I seen him outside of Green Bay. And I'm not sure if him and Matt LeFlore didn't Get along. I I I didn't know. Oh, I Oh you really, really? When he, when he went on there and told that, that right when let Matt LeFlore kick The Field goal on fourth down. And he said, oh, and, and, and The The The The tirade What. He had on The Sidelight. You thought he got along with Matt Lelo.


But I saw, I saws tried to hug him after throwing The touchdown and him and push him off and give him that look. And I'm like, you know What. Oh, they oh, oh, he don't, he don't, he don't like him. Oh, he don't, he definitely don't like him. I knew, I knew, I knew there was a lack of respect for his coach, but I thought skip that Goddamn, that goddamn mini cam. Oh Joe, why we making a big deal about that? Al I know is The people told It's a big deal because if anybody else Big Deal, you got your S would've got cut, you s would've got cut. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Lemme Ask you a Oh fine. What happened. Jackson The problem is goddamn that mini camp. Go Ahead. Huh? Mandatory mini camp. Mandatory.


Come on Now. Stay, stay Unc stay with me. Al, right? Come. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm, I'm just listening. I'm just, I'm just throwing It at th for a little bit of context, just a little bit of context and and understanding. I don't need no context. I've been saying It. Oh, oh Shannon, you hate that man. You hate that man. When I've been one of his staunchest defenders, I, his ability to throw The football is unquestioned. I question some of The things that he does that are not conducive to winning and leadership. You cannot have that guy on a mandatory mini camp unless It is an absolute emergency.


You going to Egypt? I mean What, are you a dignity? You trying to bring peace to The Middle East? No, we didn't say is he a What? That's The only reason. I'll excuse that. If he a dignitary Yes. If he can bring peace to The Middle East. Right, right, right. By Al means go take as much time as you need. But mandatory means that It is required. Volunt means you volunteer if you come, if you want to. It's just like when you volunteer to Odoo charity work, you volunteered. Now if you Odoo something, they will The Ju The criminal justice system. Right. Will demand you Odoo community service. You see, you see ho they Odoo that he's required right to Odoo.


50 hours, a hundred hours community service. Oh, Shannon volunteered at Goodwill. Shannon, Shannon volunteered at at The at The Homeless Mission. You see The difference. But everybody made excuses. See What, y'all feel this is What. I was like fast. Y'all make excuses when, oh Chase, I Get It, I Get It. Lemme take that back coach you, I'm sorry it's The Messenger. That's y'all ain't got no it's The Messenger that's giving you The message because had Coach Belichick has anybody else said exactly What I've been saying nobody would've had a problem with It, but it's because O Shaa said It and y'all don't like when Shaa be right. And I don't wanna pat myself on The back, but Mary for The one told me, said, boy you got two good hands. Yeah. You don't need nobody to pat you on The damn back.


Pat yourself on The back. I've been trying to tell y'all for The longest. Y'all see What, y'all wanna Odoo, y'all try to see What a lot of times What they'll try to Odoo Ocho is that they'll try to undercut you and try to make It about something else. Yeah, that's What. They try to Odoo But y'all can't fool. Y'all can't fool Oe because I've been in The locker room, I've been a leader in locker rooms. Oh with sh you ain't in that locker room and then when It comes out, oh, oh, oh no, no. But when I said that It wasn't no problem, It was a problem. Now what's being said? Yeah, every Everywhere And you, you know, What bro and, and always a head coach always needs this quarterback.


Not just as a leader but to actually lead by example. He got be The, got to be The one to buy, He gotta to buy in quarterback don't nobody else will Then everything else is fragmented. everything else is fragmented. That's why The quarterback position is so important and him doing Al The right things because as he goes, everybody else goes, Oh, Joe Russell Wilson is Optim optimistic about potentially playing, playing on Sunday there Let's What Sunday for The first time during The 2024 season. I feel confident that I'd be ready to play and ready to play at a high level. I think we're being really smart too and trying to understand ho It feels, it's my first re week really back with The guys and I feel really confident about that.


Mike Tomlin said earlier in The week that there are multiple variables. He's weighed The decision throughout The week of practice. But The door is a jar. Right, right. Which means a jar Ocho, which means slightly open Wilson to be active on Sunday. You know, you always want me to lose It. Use The word in The sentence. Russ. I played a lot of, I've played a lot of football games and there've been a lot of moments. I don't fear th Yeah getting ready to Get. I like It go back and I like, I like Russ getting The opportunity to play. I know Justin Fields has played, has played somewhat good this year. They started three and oh they lost The last two. But offensively it's not like they've been this awesome juggernaut of an offense that's top three in The. N FL putting up outstanding crazy numbers where a change of The quarterback position would really affect The Steelers.


Again, I like Russell Wilson. My personal preference, even though I'm not a Steeler fan for that offense based on his resume, his last year in Denver was not that bad. Chad, if you look at The stat, you look at his numbers, his last year in Denver, It wasn't that bad. It was good. It was decent. Maybe not The Rust that led The goddamn Seahawk to The Super Bowl. But if we can Get a Russell old anywhere near The Russell old where you don't turn The ball over and you just Odoo What, we ask of you and not put The ball in The hands of The other team. They will be just fine. They will be just fine.


And Get George Pickett The goddamn ball. Yeah, it's gonna be interesting to see What. Okay, well since you, since you go there speaking for The. First time since Sunday night, lost to The Cowboys. George Pickens just mis questioned about his What say What What. What say eye black in The post game incident with Jordan Lewis Pickens wore eye black that read Effing always for The game. And after The game ended failed hook and lateral attempt, Pickens yanked down Lewis by his face mask as Lewis ran by him and appeared to say something Pickens said he was unaware of The policy. Never seen It before. He said have you seen It before? Yes. When It was pointed out that Cameron Hayward had been fine in 2015 for riding on his late father's name.


On his eye. Black Pickett was dismissive years ago. He said when I wasn't in The league, so nah. And asked What happened with Lewis after The game Pickett said nothing. Hey It wasn't nothing little big deal. You know Louis went by me know talking a little trash. Oh he, he snatched him up real quick by The face mask. You know sometimes people you know like to, they like to step on your toe 'cause they know you really can't Odoo nothing. So I ain't Odoo nothing, you know, too, too bad to 'em just man, stop playing with me man. But I, you know, I, I ain't, I didn't know that either. You heard that The eye black thing? It's, it's not something I that I would Odoo but The The curses. What Odoo. You mean you didn't know that? I never knew that as much cursing be going on out there. Boy when we playing I ain't know that.


You right can. Yeah you can. Yeah. Yeah you can curse. He spill. You can't display. It way was It. I didn't Get a chance to see It Sometimes Lord have mercy. Sometimes I wanted of these kids. I like bro. Yeah, y'all graduated high school and went to college. Yeah. Yeah Bro. You know The N FL ain't letting you write nothing. Don't no eye black. They don't let you write no thing Odoo nothing. Don't you? Now that I think about It ho The, hell, if I did something or I was dressed, my dress code was inappropriate. You know The N FL officers would call down Yeah and tell me even end game they would come to me on The sideline and tell me to change It.


Remember The, remember The long streamer towels y'all used to wear in college? I would wear streamer towel, not The N FL issue towel. I had a long towel, I cut, I cut The towel in The bathroom and yeah man listen Towel, you gotta be regulated down towel N L towel by that long. You can't have that. Remember when I used to put on The Black Chin Strap or The or The orange chin strap? Man they call on that man. Yeah, go man. Tell Ocho man take that off. It had to be white so I'm surprised that you didn't even let him play The whole game with The damn eye Black. Yeah. Oh no. Well yeah I think you're right. You are right. I think The thing is Ocho is that when you look at It? Is that Yeah, not To Odoo It.


Yeah. You would think a person would be smart enough not to use an explicit on that. That I mean come on bro. The Volume


Paramount Plus is your home for The Uafa Champions League. The Best Club Soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in Al of club's soccer returns with The whole new format. And this year The Champions League has giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from The world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of going Infinite, Moneyball The, blind Side, and Liars Poker. On The latest season of my podcast against The Rules. I'm exploring What. It means to be a sports fan in America and What The Rise of sports betting is doing to our team, our states and ourselves, join me and listen to Against The Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against The rules. Listen to Against The rules on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy Media. I want to quickly tell you about my podcast. It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major League Baseball that I want to talk about or I Odoo a stat deep dive. Sometimes I create my own stats. It gets weird, it's now your Go-to podcast for staying up to date and in The weeds with Major League Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules. Three things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcast.


Muhammad Ali George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of The world. Ali was smart and he was handsome story Behind The Rumble in The Jungles like a Hollywood movie, But That is only half The story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, Al The biggest Slack artists that on The planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and The Soul of 74 on The iHeartRadio app, Apple podcasts, or wherever you Get your podcast.


What's up y'all? It's Cam Jordan from The New Orleans Saints Here to tell you it's going down on season two of my podcast Off The Edge With me Cam Jordan catch new episodes every Wednesday and I'll have The, biggest N FL Stars. Join me to give a player's perspective of The biggest storylines trends. And did that really just happen moment from around The League. So tap in to off The Edge with Cam Jordan podcast, your ultimate playbook for Al things, football and not football. Listen on The, iHeart radio app, Apple podcast, or wherever you Get your podcasts.