
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite Check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration. Hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to discover. Learn more at discover dot com's slash credit card. Based on the February, 2024 Nissen report,


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. Smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship, All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap under age sale, prohibited website, restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers,


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sportsbook app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


OCHO Matt McClung wins the dunk contest. Yeah, Threepeat job might enter next year. Levine said he might come back one time. Giannis on the Giannis. You we've seen you in the dunk contest. No, no, you too tall And not not listen. Not only is he too tall, tall Giannis doesn't have the creativity, he doesn't have the creativity to win. Now, you know, first, first round you might do a little something but you don't have the creativity to go deeper into the rounds for the dunk contest man. Right. He said I got hacked. My kids tweeted that they came next to a nightstand, took my phone out of the charger, went in their room and tweeted.


I found out this morning. Yeah, that's, but see that's the thing. And people, people get upset about LeBron. LeBron didn't enter. I don't look at LeBron as a creative dunker. I look at LeBron as a power dunker and if he goes against someone that's creative, don't lose. Yeah, he's gonna lose. It's only he gonna lose. There's only a few of them man. There's only a few. Right. But you look, you look at a Levine, you look at who was the other Aaron Gordon. You look at some of those guys like that. You look at Vince Carter, you look at guys like that, right? They are creative dunkers. You see when Jordan see Dominique lost to Jordan. I do think Dominique won. Oh, I think Dominique.


But you see when Jordan came with the creativity Yeah. Doing all this and the up and under and the doing all this stuff that we hadn't seen before. And you like, because before that it was one hand power dunk Dunking front from the free throw line. Jordan. They do it for Jordan did it front of the free throw line and put it out there in front of you. Like this here. Yeah. Let you see it. He come in and do it sideways, rocking the baby with it. You see how that look? That's why Mac McClung Mac McClung jumped over the hook the the top of the car. Yeah. And then grabbed And reversed it. Mac McClung reversed it and then spent and dunked it over.


Evan Mobley. He caught it up. The guy off of a hoverboard dumped it and dumped it. Hold on. What about the one where he jumped over the, he jumped over the dude then touched the RI of the basketball. Hit the ri of the ball. Yes. And then creativity. Creativity go every time. Yes. You know, and outside of creativity, That's that's the one he did with Moment. Yeah. You gotta be able to jump first now you gotta be able to jump first. And I don't think the big guys, especially the taller guys, have enough creativity to be able to do some of that stuff. Or just it won't look the same because they too damn tall. They're too tall that that. See that's why Jordan looks so good doing it. Yeah, because he's six six.


Mike McClung looks even better because he's six two and you're like, how long is this guy gonna stay in the air ocho to take it from the guy, put the ball on the rim? Look, he's looking at the rim as he touches the rim. Yeah. And then dump it. Think about the guy off the hover born. He takes it out of his hand. Boom, boom. Right. Wait, McClung got my kind of ver now I say, hey, what you, what you think his ver his vertical is Probably, I would say above 45, maybe even 50 50.


Has there ever been anybody could jump like that 50. Yeah, but see the thing is they measure their jump running, you know, in the NF nfl. Yeah. You stand flat, put in jump. And we've had guys that go 45 and a half, 46. I think Gerald went 46. Boss Bailey went 46. We got a lot. Yeah. I mean, just athleticism, wrong athleticism in in the NFL players. They got it now. Good job. I mean, but you can tell a guy that can run fast is normally explosive because that's fast twitch muscle. Yeah. So you look, look at guys that run them four threes go check their vert. Those are the guys that doing 40.


And so, so I would, I would not be surprised if Mac McClung has like a 48, 50 inch vert to be able to be that high o over the rim ocho. Yeah. And six too. You got, you gotta you gotta have bunnies now. You got that. And, and he ain't, he don't have, he don't have long arms because, So you look at a guy like Y This's, a guy like KD to have, you know, have wingspans of damn near eight feet. Mack Mack McClung really is a normal dude. If you saw Mack walking down the street and you are not an avid basketball fan, you walked right past him. He looked like an average dude. Yeah. And that's crazy. I ain't know me and his vert was exactly the same.


Check, Check, check your numbers man. Oh, but he, but he was, he was in all fifties castle. That castle. Had he not missed that first dunk, he missed it like three or four times. So I'm surprised they gave him as high score as they did considering he missed it so many times. Difficult Mac McClung what? He missed the first dunk. I think he missed it. What one time you think he ran up there one time he like, okay, I got it now. Yeah, I got it now. 50 50, 50. It ain't a whole lot of, if you go back and look, I don't know how many times he's got anything but 50. I mean, bro, you dunking over Shaq or you dunking over Taco Falls.


Man, come on now. So it's, it, it it was, it was, and see I think the thing is Ocho people don't wanna give a guy credit because, because normally the old, when I first started, 'cause the dunk contest started in the A BA. It wasn't the NBA and when the A, the NBA absorbed the A BA. Yeah. They brought it and you had stars, your guys that actually participated in the dunk contest. They were actually in the game. You had the Dr. Jade's, you had the Clyde Drexel, you had the Dominique's, you had the Michael Jordans, you had the Vince Carters, the Kobes and, and You know, you had those guys.


So those were the stars. Now Mac McClung got the G league. You got guys that are like role players that like nobody knows who they are. You're like, who, who is he? Yeah. So that's, that's the problem that they're running into. And then, and this just when you thought the, the creativity, what can they do here? Come Mac McClung said I'm gonna jump over a damn car. The body of the car, not the hood. Yeah, the body. And I'm reverse it. Okay. I'm gonna take it out your hand as you stick it through the sunroof. I'm gonna take it out your hand and I'm gonna reverse it.


I remember, I, I remember I I did that, I did that at bunch Paul. He he was, it's gonna be Yeah, but he's he's saving the dunk contest, don't you? Yeah. I mean he really is. I he really is. He did an unbelievable job. But It's the thing about it, after, after a threepeat, now you got other players chiming in players that can actually dunk players that are c create, we are creative players that have, we have former dunk contest winners saying they gonna come back. That will make the game that much more interesting. It's getting to the point now with MCC clunk continuing to win the dunk contest might be a little bit more interesting than the All Star game itself because they not even for Real.


Well no, it, but think about it, Ojo now the three point competition. I mean you get, I mean, because think about it. You get Steph, you get Dame, you got Clay, you got some of the best three point shooters, but none of the best dunkers are in the three point in the dunk contest. So that's what's like when you remember, you go back and look at Clyde going up against Mike and, and and, and, and, and and Dominique. Yeah, when Sean Kemp was In it. I mean they used to have guys that D Bryan remember D Brown? Yep. D Brown wanted Larry Nance. Larry Nance I think beat Dr.


J in the first one. I think it was back in 80, 83 or 84. But it's tough. It's, it's, and and I think the thing is, like I said, for me, I never thought LeBron was a a, a creative dunker power dunk. Can he dunk on people? Yes. Yeah, absolutely. But I think the most creative dunk was the Rocka baby. I think that was maybe like after the Kobe situation. He did the Rock of the Rocka baby. But I would like to see a man. I would like to see Ja, I would like to see go against a and and, and Levine and Aaron go. Aaron go, said he done, he said, y'all ain't finna rob me three bow times.


I done got robbed. I done got robbed on this block two, I ain't coming down here no more. I done got robbed two or three times. I ain't coming down this block anymore. Yeah, damn Young. And, and, and would be nice and, and, and creative as hell too. Adam Silver says he's emphatic with angry, empathetic, excuse me, empathetic with M Fast, but believes Mavs did. What was the best interest of the organization in terms of anger at the fan base? I'm empathetic. I understand Dallas wasn't the final, it was in the finals last year. I've also said this before. I like Luca very much. It seems truly authentic that there, that he was stunned and you could see it in his body language. I'm, I am sympathetic to the Mavericks organization. I've known Nico Harrison for a long time from his prior tenure at Nike.


I've also gotten close to Patrick Duma, our new governor in Dallas. I can say one thing for sure whether or not history will ultimately judged as a smart trade. They did what they thought was in the best interest of their organization. I have, I I have absolutely no knowledge or belief that there were any ulterior motives. Ocho Chime in. They thought they did what was best for the team. Can I ask you a question on real quick or chat? Can I ask you a question? Yes. The trade was made has been by what? A week? Maybe two weeks to this point. Two Weeks. Two weeks. How's that trade going right now? And he got hurt.


Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm just curious. I would like Adam Sandler to come out. Adam Sandler. I would like Adam Silver. He come out, he come out too. I want Adam. I well I, I wish I would like Adam Silver to come out and speak and speak the real, how about you tell the truth? How about you be honest? You know What you want. What you want me to tell, what You wanted to say? I wanted to say how he truly feels. I know. I want to say exactly how he truly feels. You making that goddamn trade was goddamn damn ridiculous. It was ridiculous. But you Do realize he's the commissioner of the, and That's the problem. He, the fact that he's in a position of power and he can't say how he truly god damn feels because he's a commissioner.


Have you ever heard Roger Ell say how he Truly feels? Yeah. When the cameras ain't rolling. Okay. He probably said that when the cameras ain't rolling Ocho you gotta understand people in position like that. You can't say everything that you feel. Oh, you won't be in that position alone. And that's the problem with society. Now. That's the problem with people in positions of power. Everything is fake. Everything is pc. They never get into people. Some of the things they wanna say, the people are saying it at home. But the person that's sitting in the highest seat refuses to say it because they got to be PC When you had trash quarterbacks, you didn't say that when you had trash, you didn't say they suck. Why didn't you say that publicly? Le let's rewind, let's go back to my career. Yeah.


What quarterback did I have that suck? All your, all your quarterbacks. So all your quarterbacks Were great. Oh, I had John Kitna good and I had Carson Palmer and I had, I had time for what about the, what about they were game, there were game. They weren't good. And you didn't say they weren't. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. This is a game of football. Now we, no wait, lemme finish. We're finish. We strive for perfection. Okay. We strive for perfection and greatness. If we fall short, that means we're good. They weren't bad. Everybody has a bad game. You had bad game. I had that game. But You didn't say when they had a bad game. Why didn't you say that? Because 99.9% of the time they're good When they had a bad game. Why didn't you say my quarterback sucked.


See, why wait, why? You said you want people speak doing. That's not you say Chad, Chad's doing What he said. That's why different You say, I want you to speak how you really feel. Having a bad game doesn't mean you suck. You know what? My quarterback had a bad game play. He sucked this game. See, my quarterback wasn't good at this game. For one. I don't want him to talk like that for two. I just want Adam silver. See, that's what we need, you know, You know you talking about you can't do certain things when you're in certain positions. Look what 45 be doing. Yeah. I ain't gonna say a name. Look what 45 be doing. Acting a Oh Joe.


Acting a plum fool. Yes. All the things you're not supposed to do when you're at the, when you sit this the highest seat. But he, but you have to understand what he is. He's their Dr. King. They, no you laughing, but that's how they view him. Because he's in bolder them to say the, to say what they feel. Right. So there's no more decor, there's no real respect. You throw that out the window. Right. You say whatever. I don't, I don't, I don't want to live in a society where you get to say whatever, do whatever, and it gets like, oh, that's how I really feel. I I don't wanna Say I understand what you mean. I understand what you mean. I I mean it was like that. It used to be like that.


Yeah. In the sixties they said whatever they did, whatever. You came home in your uniform and you wore your uniform out. They could, they would literally kill you because a black man had a uniform on. Nah, I'm good. I I I think as a society, as we become more advanced, our behavior should also become more advanced. We shouldn't go back. Now some people might think that's okay, let's go back to where it was. Well, where it was for you might've been great. It wasn't great for all and it's never gonna be great for all. But I think it can be better for most, right? That's just me. Hey, but no, look, I understand people in position.


Yeah, like a commissioner. You have to like, sometimes you gotta just, you gotta take all that because that's what the owners do. The owners pay you to take all the criticism that they're supposed to give. Right? Okay. Okay. You see how people blame it? Adam Silver, he knew about it. So what's he gonna do? You see, David Stern was able to block a trade because the NBA, they owned the hornets or the, the, the penalty hornets at the time. So they could block that trade because they didn't think it was in the best interest of them. They got no say so into that. It's just like, what does Roger say? Roger Goodell Commiss always says, you know, we let team handle team things. That was a team decision.


You can't force us to keep a player if we want to trade it.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchasing and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime credit builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bancorp Bank A or Stride Bank. A SpotMe eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out of network ATM with withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be an everyone starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championship seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot humma door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop. From heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Crito kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's Famous Smoke dot com code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Look, I get that. I get it because you looking at Luca 25 years of age, five time first team all NBA selection and they made a move that came outta nowhere. You didn't hear anything. You heard no murmurs. You heard nothing about Anthony Davis being traded. You heard nothing about Luca, Dante being traded and all of a sudden SHAS drops that bombshell. So it caught everybody off guard. And because of the players that are involved and also because you didn't hear anything about it, that is the biggest trait. This is the biggest trait in NBA history. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, but like he said, we'll see if only time will tell OCHO if this was the right move.


Hey, and listen, the only time will tell, but it's telling right now. OCHO team Shaq wins the Allstar game. 41 25 over team Chuck. The OGs wins the first ever new formatted Allstar game. Joe, I know, I know what you're gonna say. Go ahead. Did you like this format? Listen, I didn't like the format on. I don't even like the games for one. The players aren't even playing for real. Obviously it is a Allstar break. You wanna, you want to be cautious the the, to make sure you are able to come back and, and, and get through the Allstar break injury free the format. It hasn't made it any more interesting than it was before. The point of having this format was to make it a more interesting for the viewers for those that are basketball fans.


But I think they made it maybe five or 10 times worse than it already was. Unc I'm, I'm just being honest, honest with you. And this is from someone who, who is not a huge basketball fan but is getting more into the game of basketball. This didn't help any, not not one bit. I'm not sure what Mr. Silver is gonna do about it. I think maybe the players can come up with a better idea to make it interesting. This, this just wasn't it. It just wasn't. Yeah, it's hard to get it back once you lose it. We saw that with the Pro Bowl and I kept trying to tell those guys on show. I said, guys, they're gonna cancel this. They're not gonna keep giving you guys free money like this.


You can't play touch football in a tackle football league. And y'all say I'm listen, I'm not telling. Look, I want you guys to go. You can play. We've done it. I went to a number all star games. You went to a number all star games. It wasn't like a regular season game, but it was like a nice padded practice what they were doing. And now, I mean they're just running down, jumping up, shooting threes. It's just, it's just, it's hard Ocho and that's when I tell 'em, I say, man, it's gonna be hard to get it back and this is not it. Look, I get it. I thought the team Shaq, when they played the, the up and the rising stars, I thought they played harder. Then I was like, you know what if the east and west actually played like this, okay, this might be, do you not Gonna get, you're not gonna get the stars to play like that, huh?


You know them boys even to go out there playing hard like that, it's not gonna happen. No. I mean maybe, maybe you try one-on-one. Maybe you try horse, you gotta try something on your, 'cause this just ain ain't cutting it. The horse is not going to to to get the viewers, that's not gonna grab your attention. You have to have some type of format that's gonna grab the viewer's attention and have them locked in the entirety of the time. If anything I say bring back the east west and let's say the winner gets home at home. Home court advantages something. Do it by in where 18 puts up a million dollars. You know it. And if, if money is an incentive, they will play. Huh? You know that's what them boys is about. They already had f you money. So what is the incentive for them to play hard?


Well it used to be Ocho before they started Reving the revenue. 'cause when I first went to the Pro Bowl, the winners got 10,000, the losers got five. Well you really needed that money because if you invited 10, 11 people, that 10,000 was gone. Yep. You damn sure better try to win that. They, that's your overhead. You better. Damn Sure better try to win that game on your to to, to offset some of that cost. But I, I just don't, I just don't really know how the NBA can get it back because the guys have made a decision. Yeah, they're not gonna play hard Aren't you? Just on listen, get it back to the east versus the west. Have a pot. Yes. Have a pot have the play. No, the players let the NBA put up the pot, let's say $5 million, say 5 million.


And the players get to split that 5 million. They get a cut. That's the only way it has to be. Yeah. In order for them to play hard, it has to be incentivized with money. Nothing else. There is no format that's gonna get them to play hard. Think about what you just said, Ocho. I've got some of these guys got 250 and 300,000,300 $20 million contract and I've got an incentive. I now I gotta incentivize you for you to showcase your sport. Let that second thing about what you just said. Don't, yo, I've got the fuck, I've got to further incentivize you to showcase your sport. So this is one of the collection of the NBA's best player.


Yeah. 24 of the best NBA players. Now I need to further incentivize you. It used to be an honor to go to the All Star game. It used to be an honor to go to the Pro Bowl. You know What hap oh You know, you know why you have to incentivize it. We're in a different, we're in a different era. Right? All Star break. That's PTO, that's the player's PTO. This is my time off. So you telling me I need to work during my break? Okay. You know what? I made the All-star team. I'm an all-star. It's a great achievement. You know what? I am honored at the midway point. You feel I played to a certain level while I'm worthy of being one. But you know what, if you're not paying me right? Like I'm being paid during the regular season where I do go all out, Nobody plays their all stars like that.


NFL you don't get paid like you in the regular season. Don't yo baseball hockey think Ocho think about this. So if it doesn't mean that much to you, why the hell they complain when they don't make it? Because every year we hear NFL players complain they didn't make the all the Pro Bowl and we see basketball players complain and we, we see all of this. But now when you get there, you don't wanna Can tell you why they complain when they don't make the Allstar. 'cause they understand when they make the Allstar on their resume, it looking good when it's time to get paid. Understood. They underst understand What I felt like I ain't is Leverage for their agents when it's, when it's time to talk. Contract negotiations. Yes, I'm an all star. I'm an all pro, you know. Well, whatever it is, it may be that length.


Just don't go Ocho. You know how it is once you get tired, once you reach a certain level, what did Tom Brady do? He stop going. A lot of these quarterbacks, they stop going, okay, let somebody else have that spot that's gonna be inspired to play and play and play. That's what I did with, hey man, who the back up, who first A that? Hey bro, you got, go ahead and take it because I understand like you said, gonna look good on their resume. I'm not gonna go over there and bull drive around. I did one year, but I was in a contract year. See when I was in the contract, yay. Hey contract year. I said, oh no, y'all not fitting. I'm not finna get injured and we ain't take two tight ends.


And Tom Compton was running double tight end. I said, y'all kiss my butt, I'm outta this thing. I said, I'm outta here. First quarter I went, got me two, two ice bags. Yeah. Put on both. I don't know if they were hurting or not, but they felt good after the game. But I I, I actually, I just, I this this bug, this bugs me Ocho I I I really hate it because this is a, an opportunity. Look, I I I grew up watching the All Star game and watching Bird and Magic them go at it, Isaiah them and you see the younger cats, Garnet and Kobe. Oh they was trying to beat guys going at these guys. They at it. I don't know when this ocho I'm gonna be honest, I don't know when this happened where the disconnect was. It's like, hey, let's just dunk and shoot threes play No defense.


Don't shoot threes. I don't know when in the, the Pro Bowl that they decided they gonna play two hand touch. I don't know the exact year, but I knew the exact moment when I said, you know what, they gonna cut this inch Out. Yeah, but you know what, who comes up with the format? Huh? Mr. Silver. You know. Well he just trying. He's trying stuff. You see baseball, see if I get it in baseball Ocho you throw the ball, you try to put bat on ball and you run the base you try to catch. But that says, okay, whoever wins the all, whoever wins the all Allstar game, that's who has home court, home field throughout the playoffs. Well maybe you might need to do that for the, for the Allstar game instead of the best record, win the Allstar game. You know who needs, you know who needs to come up with the format for it, for it to be interesting to get the players to play the players who players.


But you know what, you know what killed me? All these players. Oh, Michael Jordan. Oh, Kobe and not la. Go look at Kobe and Michael Jordan in the All star game since y so much. But that's what I gonna get. I love the Mamba mentality and black Jesus. And then y'all get over there and y'all lay down. See that's the problem I got, don't you? I ain't gotta listen, I I and I I guys that make it, I think they're more than they've earned that rightly to be there. But you can't, you can't applaud and laud someone for how they approach the game. And then you go over there and you lay it down because that's what y'all do.


Listen, that's what y'all do. Maybe, maybe they need to have Michael Jordan come in there and give him a pep talk. Nah, Mike, Mike chilling with that cigar man. Mike ain't come in there and talk nothing. But I'm telling you, I'm telling you what the format needs to be. Matter of fact, you know what you can do sometimes you can listen to the people that that could always, that could always be one if you don't listen to the people and it's not working, the format's not working with the NBA officials who create the format le leave it in the player's hands. You know, You, they left it in the player's hands. You see you got two 11 and 180 6. You got shooting threes and dunks. They left it in the player's hand and that's what you got. Don't let the player players f it up. Hey, they left it in the player's hand just like the Pro Bowl.


Yeah. And what happened, don't you? Yeah. You got no game no more. You gotta steal Competition flag football. Yeah. Yes. So no, do not leave it up to the players. Hey, Have a question. That's the problem. They left it the pro. The problem is, is that they gave the players too much control. Somebody decided this is the way we're gonna do it. They tried everything. Well whoever wins this quarter gets 300,000 for their favorite for the Boys and Girls Club. Or your favorite, the charity that was adopted that didn't work. They tried something else that didn't work. This right here was a book. Look, I I love, I love Jimmy, Mr. Beast. And he come out there and the kid won a hundred thousand dollars. But come on man, at some point in time, at the end of the day it's still basketball game.


All these gimmicks and all that other stuff Ocho it is still the fundamentals. Look, the the MLB, they have the home run derby, but you still, it's an all star game. You put bat on ball. That's what it's about. Football is about catching, running and tackling basketball. They play tougher at UCLA. They play tougher at the summit in New York. Now you mean to tell me you gonna do that in the off season, but come Allstar game winner, it's the opportunity for you to showcase for the world to see y'all lay down. And then y'all wonder why the ratings don't wonder. Don't wonder why the ratings are falling.


You know Why. But also now you gotta be careful. Now, now we asking for the players to play a little bit harder than little bit harder at the All Star game on. Great. Now what happened when somebody get hurt? Then what happened when somebody in New Jersey, oh Joe, think about the 50 years before they did this. So you make it seem like all of a sudden this is they new, something new like they just instituted the All-Star game and asking these guys, So you know what? Play basketball, you make it seem like they just instituted the Pro Bowl and asked them guys to tackle and catch and run. They been doing that. The only thing that we didn't try, they didn't try to do was kill the quarterback. They didn't try to kill the quarterback. But other than that, yeah, you got tackled guy didn't guy catch you, come across the middle.


He ain't gonna really try to lay into you. He might put a shoulder into you, but you know, I got, they threw me a scene one year and run it. I saw him, I just braced. That's all I could do. He didn't go all out. Guys are not gonna go all out. But you gotta do more than what they're doing. That's just not nearly Good enough. What I doing, obviously your era, in my era, when it came time to the Pro Bowl, we played some football and now we didn't, we didn't like try to knock somebody's head off. But we, we thought up now. No, we thought up real. You gonna th up real good just, you know I'm here now, right? I'm here. Remember when, when Sean, remember when Sean Taylor caught the punter caught the Line? Yeah. Brian moron.


Yeah, I was a Yeah, stop Playing. But, but I get it. But I mean, but I, I just don't know. I just don't know what else something needs to happen. But I mean, 'cause you know, I don't know how salaries keep increasing if the fan viewership keeps decreasing. That's a good, That's a good one. I mean I, I look they about to lock the edge start next year. They on a new what, how many billion? $11 billion. I think they got 11. Was it 10, $11 billion with Amazon? NBCE ft 11 billion. Yeah. Over the next, over the next, over the next 10 Years Or something.


What is it? Oh, 11 year deal worth 76 billion. Come, Come on. Salaries are going. Think, think about it. Salaries are going supermax players with one team. You be on one team, you make X amount of all all NBA teams three 50 in five years, that's gonna be 400 million. Somebody gonna be wanting their money Now. Y'all get mad when teams trade y'all and keep y'all from getting that Supermax contract because you see a lot of people thinking that's what you did with Luca to keep from paying three 50. Hey, nah, we got this thing under control. So don't get, Hey, I just, like I told you the other night, OCHO don't get mad about a problem.


Right? You created, I I got A question now I understand that Luca and his greatness, especially on the court, they traded him away because of things that were going on off the court in which they went didn't want to be on hand to pay him 350 million for that supermax. Can you tell me another player who's in line to get a supermax? Shaa can get one, but shas on to be two 90. So what's The difference? Why is his two 90 in Lucas zone was gonna be through 50? Because Luas, but that's not Shay's original team. Shay got traded from the Clippers.


Whoa. Why, why they wait, wait, wait a minute. Why are they, why they punching him for him getting traded? He ain't got nothing do with that. Because they called that the, they called that bird rights team that drafted you Larry Bird. You could, you could play a G Up team and it doesn't count as much against the cap or doesn't count anything against the Crack. Oh, oh, they, oh man. So he now he missing out on money 'cause y'all decided to trade me. And matter of fact, if you look back at it now, you should have kept you, The clipper should have kept you because they traded what they wanted. They, Paul Kawhi was gonna go to the Lakers unless they got him Paul George. And that was one of the things that was one of the pieces that they wanted. They wanted, they wanted Shaa, they wanted Galin, they wanted all those first round Pi unprotected picks.


They wanted all that those picks. And they got it. And Shaa has blossomed rapport said Doc did not wanna do it, said, Hey Kaw, just give his guy a little time, he gonna be special. KW say, I don't got time. Yeah. And there it is. So Draymond Green says, players on the rising stars don't deserve the privilege to play on Sunday. Do you agree O Joe, that's not nice. I mean, if they're riding stars, look at the name. What do they called again on the what that Means stars. Hey Draymond, had y'all guys done what you're supposed to guess what? Yeah, they wouldn't be, the commissioner is trying anything to drum up interest in this game.


You creating a problem and then when they other people try to solve and rectify the problems that you guys created, you get mad. How about you guys fail a little harder and the risings and Stars wouldn't be playing on Sunday. We wouldn't have had this format 14 and divided up and this and that and the game goes to 40. Yeah, I I I'm confused by why I'm confused. Why he's upset for a problem they created. I mean I, I I don't, I don't, I don't agree with Draymond, but obviously he's feeling he might be the voice of reason for other players as well. That feels like the riding stars shouldn't be playing, shouldn't be playing. But listen again, what what Jay needs to do is get with LeBron, get with some of the other veteran heads in the NBA and and figure out a way to get the interest back.


And the only, only thing I can think of, and I know the NBA might not like it, is they need to incentivize it even more to get the boys to play hard, go back to the east and west and have a pot of money that the winner can split and matter of fact, and the loser don't get nothing. The loser don't get Nothing. Ocho ocho you making $70 million a year, you gonna get incentivized. You gonna get excited about a million dollars. I Stop it Joe. Pay a million. I said five OCHO them. Oh, think about it. Every one of every, I guarantee you every one of those guys today that was on that court pulled up in a private jet after the game to go get on that private jet and go wherever they going.


It ain't money. O Joe, I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm going Something. Money might've been the motivating factor for them to get to that level, but after that efficacy, that's what you have to really, really appreciate about the really, really greats, the Bradys, the Jordans, the Kobe, after they had all the Fame money they had all the changed the Fame. They still played it. If they were a flat ass bro, Yeah, chase that mean that in order Now we gotta continue, we gotta continuously incentivize it. I've got to ask a guy, Hey bro, for extra 500,000, would you play hard when you're making 50 million?


When you're making 50 million on the court and you're making another 25 to 30 off the court? But can you can just, just, just what, just, just do this for us Different boy That, that, that, that, that it's different at some point in time they're gonna have to come to a conclusion that the game is not gonna be played. It's not. How about I got another one. I got another one. How about how would you like to see this? Now you might not like it, but I'm just throwing this out there. We have all these people in the world that play LA Fitness on the parks. What do you think about civilians playing the NBA players on All-Star Break?


No. Yeah, they remember they was complaining. They complained about Mac McClung, he was in the G League. They complained about him being in the dunk contest. You think they gonna be excited about somebody coming off the street and I'm, listen, I'm just trying to think of things that keep, that will get the viewer's attention now that get the viewer's attention because you got dudes that play who that never made it getting, getting against NB Stars Get stars, get fans attention Ocho why you stars, why you think teams? Hold on. If stars get fans attention, then the viewership wouldn't be declining. It wouldn't be what Big, but they not playing hard. Oh, you ocho when you come down and you see a team shooting 55, 60, 70 threes. What's exciting about that?


When you miss it, when you missing the 50 or 60 of them? You take 65, you take 70 threes and you miss 55 of them. Clank, clank, clank, clank. Nobody run, nobody runs. Hey, you get a three man break. Everybody run behind the line and try to spot up four three. Nobody goes to the, nobody goes to the Oh. That's not at nothing exciting about That. You're right. I I I don't have an answer. I don't have an answer. Somebody do, but they, they gotta come up with something. They gotta cut, they got gotta come out with something. No, they Don't cancel the game. Well they, And there wouldn't be no all star break. Yes they would. You still have the three point competition. You have the skills challenge.


Okay. Just cancel. Okay, I see what you're saying. Yeah. The All star game. Hey, you get selected the All Star, you're not gonna go play. Hey, skills challenge, you wanna do the skills challenge, you wanna participate in something, okay, fine. But there will not be a game on Sunday. Y Y's a good way to look at it. It's not gonna happen. But I like, I like where your, I like where your mind is at. Oh, Joe Paul George is receiving injections just to play. That's something players do come, come off playoff time, not necessarily in the regular season. Paul George is averaging 10 points, three rebounds on us in three assists per game in February. Is it time to sit PG and let him get healthy?


I mean, listen, based, based on the numbers he's had since the season has started, it's been bad. It's not, it's not what we're used to seeing for Paul George. Correct. Obviously, you know, something is wrong based on the type of production that Paul George has been able to have as far as output is concerned, how efficient he's been over time when he is played well, something is wrong with him. You know, something has wrote him when he, when he is scoring what, what, what do he have? 10? He he's averaging 10 points, three rebounds and three assists in the month of February. You know that's not normal. Everybody know that. Not normal. So something, something has to be wrong with him. But I'm curious as if he's hurt, why is he still playing? Why, why Is he still playing 50 million a year?


So you, you based, based on the contract, based on how much he's making, he'd rather play and hurt the team and his numbers instead of just saying, you know what? Right now I'm not healthy. I need to sit down despite what I'm doing. You act like that's new. How many times you see players do that? They go out there NFL players. Yeah. What, What? You know in football? Yes. Not basketball. Normally basketball players, when they hurt they out. They taking, they they, oh, excuse me, I'm almost cursed. They taking they selves out. What happened is Ocho is that he's with a new team and when you go to a new team, you wanna put your best foot forward. You want the fans. Okay, I see you want the teammates and So you probably do things. Now maybe if he was at the Clippers, he probably wouldn't do this.


Maybe if he was in Indiana, okay, he probably wouldn't do this. But he's in a new environment and Right. And things are not going then remember Joelle is just not really coming back. Paul George has been in and out, he's been nicked. I think he had surgery this off season also. So he's been dealing with some stuff of his own ba Sean is right. This is not something that no, not look if it's play out time, yeah, but I ain't taking no damn injections just to practice. I mean just to Right. Well I did, but it's different with a NBA player because they playing two, three times a week. I was just shooting my leg, I was just shooting up to play in the game.


So you, that's the part of it though, Cho, I understood. And the doctors, Mr. Sharp, you know, long term I say ain't worried about long term. I'm wor I'm worried about that. My grandma, my grandma need to eat. Kids need to need a roof and need to be able to go to school. So I worry about all that long-term stuff down the road right now. Now stop talking, you're talking to me to death shoot this ankle up so I can go out here and shoot this. Yeah, Just say so I can go out there and play. But it's tough. It's tough Ocho because what, what, What exactly is his injury? Do you know? I don't, is it, is it His knee? But, but you know a lot of, I I don't know if it's bone on bone. I didn't know if he, you know, it's meniscus or I mean, because I'm thinking Ocho, if he, it's gotta be something knee related, Right?


It's gotta be Damn man. And listen, if, if you need, if your knees, if your knees are no good or you need, So you, That's what anything o that's what, that's what anything you play, you play sports but waist down, Waste down. I mean, I'm trying to, I mean they do have the sports in the Olympics where you see guys with wheelchairs and stuff like that. But that's not a perfect, that's not professional. N-B-A-N-F-L Right. Ba you can't do it and when the knee, you can't turn in the ba you can't turn the baseball. Right. Basketball, you can't run up and down the jump up and down the court. Football, you can't stop and start, you can't drop your hips. It is hard to play with anything injured. Waist down.


Can't. And I, you know, it's tough man. It's tough. It, it is really tough. And you know Paul George is, is, is was a very good player, but Whoa, whoa, huh. Hold on now listen, you heard your word play. You said Paul George was, He ain't a good player this year. Don't y He's not, he's not helping about, So You know this. Okay, so Paul George is good. Listen, he he's a good player that is injured right now and because of the injury it is hampered his play. That's what what I said he was, but so when he gets back healthy, I mean you, you make it sound like he just like, he's out in the pastures and he, He's done a man making $50 million a year averaging give, give me a 10, three and three.


Could I interest you in that? He up his knee. Hey, hey uncle, you, hey you mean his head? Hold on. He as said he hyper extended his knee in the preseason. Ah, That's what he's been dealing with. But now he's out because of a pinky. A what? A pinky. I guess it's gotta be on a shooting hand. It's pinky toe. No, it's pinky. It's pinky toe. Pinky finger. Wait, the pinky finger aint ring? Ain't no if you a real shooter, the the pick ain't really Yeah, it is in the, listen, I'm listen, I'm a shooter now.


Get where, where your basketball at? Get your basketball. If Y'all can see this right here. Anybody. Dang Steph, if y'all think y'all can take this LV basketball off, come get yourself. So go get yourself up Ocho look. Oh, okay, okay, okay. I stop. How you think somebody go, how somebody gonna shoot like I but listen, you know the, the ball, the ball leaves the index finger. You know that right? Yeah, but look at this ocho Okay. And How you dribble? You ever seen somebody drew how many, how many? Four finger NBA players you ever seen? If it ain't, if it's not that important, Right?


Right, right. It's, it's important. So listen, I like, I like what you're saying. You see what you're saying? So as Pinky's messed up, his knee is messed up. So even though he's making 50 million a year, there's a reason he's scoring 10 points a game. So he, he give him a little bit more grade. Yeah. Guess what O Joe, you think they still putting that money that to direct deposit? You think it's still hitting. Okay. Yeah. All I'm saying, Hey, whoever, Hey, Steph d y'all want this Louis Vuitton basketball? Come get yourself something Ken shot from. Why ain't Call Wayne? Ain't call Wayne ain't call out Kyrie ky. Get it. Whoever won It, you ain't, you ain't no two.


If you want some come get. So, you know what I'm saying? Don't choke LB basketball. That's right. Louis ARD made a basketball. There it is, right there. Whoever wants some come get it. How, how much that was, Man. So you see, you see I'm, I'm just asking If you gotta ask is too much. I just ask Boy that go. Hey, No, no, you didn't. No, no you didn't. Oh, You did. You gotta realize I average 30 before to 3.0. Hell. Oh, Hell no.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk, hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous Smoke Shop isn't just your average cigar store. They've been dominating the cigar game since 1939. That's 85 years of experience knowing exactly what goes into a premium cigar and delivering the ultimate smoking experience. Whether you're celebrating a big win or just kicking back for the game, Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to get $20 off your order of $99 or more. Famous stores, the best cigars in their 20,000 square foot hum door So you can get the freshest cigars at better prices than your local shop from heavy hitters like Mackin, Udo Monte Cristo Kaba to petite and flavored options. They've got millions of premium cigars ready to ship right to your door. The biggest selections, best prices, and backed by a freshness guarantee. Famous isn't playing any games. Visit Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap to score $20 off. That's Famous Smoke dot com code Nightcap underage sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21. Plus tobacco consumers,


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Ready to prioritize yourself in the new year. Your skin is a great place to start. Dime Beauty, founded by a master aesthetician is more than just a skincare company with four skin conscious categories, skincare, beauty, body care, and fragrance Dime offers simple spa worthy products that will help you enter 2025 with confidence. Whether you're revitalizing your regimen with nourishing products or building one from scratch, dime makes it easy. The work system, our all-in-one bestselling routine includes a cleanser of your choice, toner, serums, and moisturizers, taking the guesswork outta skincare for your healthiest, happiest skin. Yet dime's commitment to clean ingredients and sustainable packaging ensures every product is as gentle on your skin as it is on the planet. With thousands of glowing five star reviews and a loyal community, the results speak for themselves. Revive your skin and give yourself the routine refresh you deserve by visiting dime beauty co.com. That's stein beauty co.com. Your best skin awaits


You average 30. You average 30 what? 30. 30. Who? 30 Points. Man show. Show me a paper clip. Show me a news clip and showing, show me a news clipping from back in 6 19 67. When you average, when you average 30 a game. Yeah. Hey, the chat. Asking, talking about you went to dinner. Was you the chef or were you sitting out eating because it looked like you, you was in the back cooking. Oh, because my outfit. You have your outfit? Oh no, That's this. Hey, this, it's a Little Louie. It's a little Louis Denim stack. Oh, okay. You like it? Yeah.


Hey, I'm a clean now, you see I look, I a clean that I'm real. I'm real clean. You know you can't get, you see the little Yeah, But you, I but I'm, I'm gonna get you some, I'm gonna get you some articles. Where they had, I had 31 and 19 drop 52. Oh, I not, come on man. You got, listen, you got, you got memorabilia from 20 years ago, but you ain't got nothing proven. You scored 30, 30 and 19. Oh, But Ocho you got ocho. I ain't got, I mean, I ain't keep the, I got some articles. I do got some articles though, but they are at my grandma house. Oh. I'll get them. I'm gonna get I'm But You ain't scored over 10 points.


I'm lie. I, I I guarantee, I guarantee when y'all played five on five, I bet you got picked last. I-G-I-I-I tell you what, go to Glenville right now. Ask anybody. I was always the first pick when they had pickup. I ain't never, if I'm on the court and we lost, which wasn't often. I guarantee you. Hey, I'm running, I'm running next So I need to see the footage. That's all I asked for. I'm gonna show you 30 and 19. I had who we play, we played Southeast Bullock. I dropped 31 and 19 on them. Dropped 52 on somebody.


37 36? Yeah, for sure. 50 Dropped 50 new school record and got the most record on the JV game. Dropped 39 on them in jv. Got that record too. Got it. Well you just made you making up stuff. You making up numbers right now. And if you are putting up these kind of numbers that lets me know the competition where you was at, You lived. That's what I do. I made the competition seem like it wasn't no competition. You see where, see what I did? There it is right there. Inter at Savannah State, I got the intermural record most points in the game. 48, I mean 48, I'm not, It points in the championship game.


42 high scored average. But check my resume. Yeah, You, you playing against you, you playing against people in the top of 300. Ain't no, ain't no a, ain't no the coach didn't like me. I average one point a game day. Wasn't none of that shit. Nah, nah, no. Shannon shut shot could really play basketball For real though. I, I was, I was, I legit Hooper, Show me the footage, either the footage on VHF or show me the paper. Oh, Joe, if I told you I was better in track and field and basketball, I mean basketball track and field and basketball than I was football.


But I played, you thought I would lie. He thought I would lie. Go back and look at what that 1985 area players. Area players, me, ed Pervis Ellison on the same team. Stop playing with me on, You know, you heard of Pervis Ellison? Y'all ever heard of him? Who? Okay. Nah, I don't know him. No, No, no, no, no, no. Hey, listen, they, they heard, they heard of me though down here. You ain't playing no basketball. I did, I did play basketball at Beach High. I just told you not too long ago and a few shows ago when I scored 30 game and you talking about No. Now all of a sudden you scored 32.


Come on Man. No, I dropped 52 of the game. No you didn't. And I I okay, I'm gonna show you. I'm gonna show you. I I'ma I'ma get, I'ma get, I'ma get, I'ma show you, I'ma show you. Please, I'm gonna show you. Please do. And now all I gonna do, oh, he ain't playing against nobody. I mean Well obviously if you put up those kind of numbers in high school, you couldn't have been playing against nobody. I don't even think Kobe put up the type of numbers in high school. They said that when I played at, at Savannah State, you put up them numbers, you ain't played nobody Put those same numbers in the NFL.


That's how I got one of these. I I like that. That look good. I got one too. Look at There. Pardon? Everything. Got the scarp under my chin vein on my son coming on the side of my head. Got the waves. Hey, hold on. I got, I got one. I I got me and bus too, but it, it is at, it is at the big house. Pervis El played in Louisville. Pervis Ellison went to Savannah High, Savannah, Georgia, which was the Coastal Empire, which was the region that we were in. Now we were in different classification. He was quad a I was single eight. But when it came to area players, they picked the top five area players. Ta You know what, it must not have been too many players.


Ta I know a guy I played, I was on a team with a guy that was the number one overall draft pick in the NBA and he won a national championship as a true freshman. And he was the most outstanding player in that tournament. Hervis Ellison, Louisville, 1986, they beat Duke. Go look it up. Okay, Now stop playing me on Joe. Listen, I've been him. I'm not, I'm not. I just needed, you can say anything. You say anything. I say I have footage and proof to go with it. I have footage and proof to go in anything I've say always. Ocho I'm tell you something. You've never heard any player that says Shannon Sharps a lie.


Be it, be college, be it, be high school, be it the NFL. Tell me the time when I tell stories on here, you ain't never heard no plans man. Man, lie. It didn't happen like that. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Hold on. Well, when I tell my story, you never heard anybody come and say, I'm lying to You. We know you lying because they coming out. Your mouths, your lift moving anytime your lift moving, you lie. Listen, I told you, and that goes for everybody in the chat. I will lie for you before I lie to you. So anything I tell you is based on life, true life experience. I've been through everything. I've been through all this. I've done it all. I've lived, I lived the hundred lives, man. I'm telling you, I don't know what y'all all I know, all I know was I'm the only man in Glenville high school history to win MVP in three sports and senior athlete.


That's all I know. All that other stuff could be speculation, innuendo and conjecture. But I'm the only one in the 50 plus year history of that. High school is no longer high school. I want MVP in all three sports. And I was senior, senior athlete. You, You know, you know that, you know what? That lets me know, huh? If you were there, I'd have still been it. No ab absolutely not. Absolutely. That lets me know the level of competition that you were having to play against and play with wasn't what it should be. It wasn't up to par. Now listen, now, if you was down here in Miami with everybody in the, and you were able to do that. Somebody, somebody won.


Somebody won Miami State Player of the year. Why not me? Okay. All right. All I know is my senior year in college, I was state player of the year over the guys that played at Georgia, played at Georgia Tech, played at Georgia Southern. If you played football in the state of Georgia, my senior year in college, I was state player of the year. Eric Zi, Garrison Hurs. What's the receiver name that you had? A receiver. Hey, Gar. Hey Garrison Hurst. Y'all better cheat. He was good. Y'all better stop him. Hey, I ain't telling y'all no vote. Let, I ain't say nothing else, but Y'all knew me.


Listen, I got, I got footage, I got my footage on BHS. Anything I say, I can pull out footage, I can go into the archives. Oh, Joe, why you think I wouldn't lie about something like that? I'm, I, I thought say you lying. I just wanna see proof. I can show you proof. All my stuff is at the big house. I can pull it out, put it on VHS and show it to you on the TV screen. Anything I say, I can show you me hooping drop. So you gotta realize Dropping 27 Games back then people didn't record games. This in the eighties, people didn't record games like they do when you came along. That was 10, 12 years later. My bad. My bad. Oh, so, so I have to, I have to rely on, But you telling me that's truth. No. I'll gonna get you the article.


I'm gonna get you the article, The Volume.


Some people just know they could save hundreds on car insurance by checking Allstate first. Like you know, to check for the nearest bathroom first before the game starts. Now you're heading in the wrong direction and it sounds like your team's taking the lead. Checking first is smart. So check Allstate first for a quote that could save you hundreds. You're in good hands with Allstate. Savings vary subject to terms, conditions and availability. Allstate Fire and Casualty Insurance Company and affiliates Northbrook, Illinois


With Amex, there's always a new experience to explore from curating the perfect vacation and chilling in the Centurion lounge. Before you get there, trying out that new trendy restaurant, thanks to Priority notify with Global Dining Access by resi and getting straight to the action at the big game. With card member entrances at select venues with Amex Platinum, you can experience it all. That's the powerful backing of American Express terms. Apply access to the card member entrance, not limited to the American Express Platinum Card. Learn more@americanexpress.com slash With amex,


when It's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be an everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, Laur, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely


Famous Smoke has been dominating the cigar game since 1939 with the best prices on the best cigars needed. A Smoke for the big game or a big win Famous has you covered. Head to Famous Smoke dot com with promo code Nightcap to score $20 off your order of $99 or more. Million of cigars are in stock and ready to ship. All stored in the massive humidor and guaranteed fresh. Trust the name that's been in the game for 85 years. Go to Famous Smoke dot com. Use code Nightcap under age sale. Prohibited website restricted to age 21 plus tobacco consumers.