
What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Get your holidays started with the perfect tree and your perfect style from The, Home, Depot. Whether you want something that you can assemble in a few clicks, steal the show with over 2000 color changing bulbs. Or a tree with lights that can be controlled by remote or foot pedal The Home Depot has it all in our huge assortment of premium trees. Plus, get free delivery on over 2 million items this holiday from The Home Depot Subject to availability See HomeDepot com slash delivery for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the UA four Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champions League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video This Thursday. It's a Halloween treat as the Houston Texans visit the New York Jets Join Al, Michaels Kirk, herb Streete and Kaylee Hartung. For this exciting matchup, Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight Live from New York, not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Texans and the Jets at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs abercrombie's NFL Partnership kicked off last year and if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's Deni quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their lose jeans. It fits me just the way I want it to. Make sure to hit up Abercrombie's Essential collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


The Volume, TD Tudy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. Whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Don't jump On us Daniel Jones Terrible. Don't Jump on us Too bad Please. Ocho ocho Oh, okay. Ocho you on that side ball. Daniel. Jones is terrible. Ocho the first play of third quarter, they run a great play. F slate slate runs a great dig route. Yeah. Yes sir. He's wide open and he skips the ball to it. Ocho that is, that is the most routine. He has no pressure. He had a great ball. Fake Slaton runs a great route. Ocho, you gotta, if you can't complete the routine Yeah. How are you going to, how are you gonna win? How, why would you retreat you in field goal range?


Why would you retreat and throw the ball up in the middle interception? Joe, That's, that's high school. That's basic. Yeah. Yes. Oh, that is so rude to, I shouldn't even have to tell you. First of all, you never roll and then throw back across your body. You never retreat. Yeah, you don't. And pull the ball up. This is a NFL professional quarterback and he makes the most boneheaded plays that high school player is taught not to do. Now there's one person that's player is not taught not to do. There's one quarterback in the NFL that's worse than him. You play down there in Tennessee.


Who is they? Yeah. Yeah. When we talk about bonehead played, oh will Jessica and I do not even giving you a chance the opportunity to win, but I I don't, I don't mean to veer off track, but, but Daniel Jones didn't, didn't play very well tonight. He didn't give his chance his teammate chance to win with some of the throws that he did make you, you are correct. He might've been seeing ghost though. Huh? He, he might have been seeing ghosts. 'cause it, it does happen When you get hit enough, you get sacked enough, you get rattled, you start doing things you don't normally do that are routine. It makes the routine things difficult. Yeah. But I think the thing is Ocho, I I just think your team is like really inconsistent and the problem that you're gonna have is that your defense isn't very good now you gotta wave with one tonight because their offense is worse than your defense.


But when you play a team that can put points on the board, I don't know how many games you're gonna win. You play an offense score 17 a team that can put points on the board. We've scored 30 30, we had 30 balls the past two weeks in a row. That's why I don't understand what the hell happened tonight. But here's, but here's the thing. Remember against Washington, how many times did you kick field goals in the red zone? Right? That's what got your beat against the commanders last week. You you got the ball, you scored what five times, but when you needed it, you threw it inception late, you had the chiefs on the rope, you fumbled the ball, they get a scooping score. It See your offense at the most inopportune times are not doing what they need to get done going up and down the field.


You should be pleased. The one thing you should be pleased with the nine ocho is that when it was a ten seven ball game and they got the ball back, they went down and got seven. Yeah. You should be pleased with that. Because when a team can take the ball and says, we're not gonna give it back to you or Right. If we do give it back, you are gonna be down two scores. You should be very, very pleased with that. That is the mark of a team that says, okay, let's, if we can just shut 'em down a little bit on defense. Defense, I'm not saying you gotta be the 2000 ravens, but damn, you can't give up 41. You can't give up 33 or whatever they gave up against the commanders. But when you play the giants, if you don't put the ball in harm's weight, their offense can't consistently move the ball well enough to beat you because of that quarterback play.


Now they can dress it up all they want to and talk about this, the offensive line and those receivers, he is not a good NFL quarterback. It's really that simple. The money aside, I don't care about the money. Hell, he's not a good quarterback for $20 million a year because the routine throws he can't make consistently what you think. What He not a good quarterback for how much a year? 20,000,015. Hey, Hey. He not, I mean he j he just, it's just, it's just hard to win.


Yeah. You, you're a quarterback playing Consistent team. Every team. It is 32 teams in NFL and every team and just a quarterback away, a quarterback away from being good, a quarterback away from being in contention, a quarterback away of consistent quarterback play away from just being able to build and, and, and, and, and get your franchise going in the right direction. But the thing about the quarterback position, as we know and you know, and, and those that are not casual fans of the game know that position is very difficult. It's a reason why they command the money that they do do. It's a reason they command the money, not command the money. But when the timing is off, sometimes you just have to pay a person because there's nothing out there for you. They had nothing else to go get. They had no choice put to but to pay Daniel Jones at the time when it was time to pay him.


I mean there, there, where were you going? There was nowhere else to go. That's what, that's what, that's what I call timing being right. The timing was right. There were no other options and he was the best option for you. But see, but see that's when you ignore what you had seen the previous two and a half years and you base everything what on one season they made the playoffs, but what did the previous two seasons tell you? So you ignore that and says this is who he is. So you have a large sample size of who somebody else, but you take the small sample size. It's almost like being a relationship. Your girl is give you or ask the kiss except on your birthday and you say, this is who my baby is.


Right. But what about the other, what about the other 360 4? So what about the large sample size in which you've seen Daniel Jones play and you've seen the inefficiency and you've seen the ineffectiveness. Nah, we gonna disregard that. We're just gonna say this is who he is and this is who he can be. But unc It's hard though. It's hard. Nah, it's hard. You know how difficult it is to find quarterbacks, quarterbacks good quarterbacks that you can win with quarterbacks that can, And they still haven't found one Week in and week out. That is, it's hard. And they, and they paid $40 million and they still haven't found one. You can win just as many games as they're going to win with a guy that makes 10 million.


Yeah. Can you not? Yeah. And, and see the thing is Ocho, he plays just well enough at time. He has flashes and you're like, man Flashes is that, that that, okay, that's why we paid it. And then it goes back to no, something ain't right. Inconsistency. We are, we are what we repeatedly do. Therefore, it is not a singular act. It is a habit. What do you repeatedly do? If you look at Daniel Jones body of work, what has he repeatedly done? Played bad.


He has more instances in which he's played bad, inconsistent, and effective than has playing good, being effective Use that you just said said something really, really effective, really profound. It's very simple, but we are what we repeatedly do. Huh? Yes. Therefore, it is not a singular act. Boy, I it is a Habit that one Habits are what we repeatedly do. Right. Not singular acts. I think that's a good one. It was real simple and it almost got away from me, but they had to rewind it and bring it back in and replay it. That's a good one. Cam Jordan believes that the greatest quarterback of all time is Drew Brees.


Not Tom Brady. Jordan shared his hot take on Armand St. Brown's podcast saying, drew Rees is the best quarterback of all time. There's no, there's nobody who has the completion percentage that Drew has. There's nobody that has the five, most, 5,000 yard season that Drew has. It took Tom Brady an extra two years to break Bree's record. If you're talking about accomplishments, yes. Tom Brady. But if you want to look at stats, pat your stats. Okay. Put your stats, because Drew got those when he left. There were so many records, so many that he owned. Now after Tom retired, Tom Brady played another two years and broke most of them I believe. I like, I like, I like the argument.


I like the argument. And You taking, you taking Drew over time, over Peyton. Hell no. I mean, listen, I love the argument. This cam Jordan, I, he, he's going to take a for quarterback, you know? Yeah. I like the argument. Then we talk about Drew b still one of the best. Yeah. One of except all time. No matter, no matter what. But now we are comparing him to the greatest of all time. So now you got, you got a little, little bit too much dip on your chip cam. I love you. I I love you. I love you. I, I love how you can, you can find ways to, yeah. He fold out with guy Quarterback and, and, and shed a light to where you feel he's better than Tom Brady.


But that's just not the case. No matter how you try to splice it, no matter what numbers you use for no matter what percentages you may use, Tom Brady's the best they ever played. There's not, I don't know if there're ever gonna be a situation. Well, Right. Voters, people put Drew over to Hold to our voters. People. I just don't see a scenario. Who else would. No, I'm just saying I don't, I don't see a scenario where, you know, you're like, yeah, And it's not, it's not a bad thing. Now we talk about Drew. Drew still one of the best of all time. No, But then we're you, you're comparing 'em to the greatest of all time.


Yes, I agree. So then there, there's a little bit of, there's a little bit of disconnect. Your wifi, it ain't got all the goddamn bars. Right. Right. I agree. But I, I think had, right, and you look at Drew's completion percentage, you look at those 5,000 yard seasons. Yeah. Had he had more Super Bowl appearances, now we can have an argument. Right. He has two. He has an MVP. Now we can have an argument, but with one Super Bowl appearance, one not enough. Super Bowl MVP. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know how we get there.


Ocho and he had, like I said, the completion percentage, I think when he completes 70% of his passes, yeah. He had four or five, 5,000 yard seasons and you know. Yeah. He did have what? Yard passing yardage. I think he might have had the touchdown record. But you need, you needed a few more. I mean, let's just say he has three or he has two or three. Let's just say he has two Super Bowls, three MVPs that would like, okay. I don't think he quite get does Yeah. Ocho. But I, I can see what people will say. It's kinda like, like, like Tom has seven Super Bowls. Five MV five, right.


Super Bowl MVPs. He has five. Yeah, five and three regular season MVPs. Peyton has five regular season MVPs, two Super Bowl appearances with two different teams and a Super Bowl MVP. But he has four appearances. Cols. So he went two with the pa, two with the Colts, two with the Broncos. So you're like, okay, I think Drew would Right. Would need something like that in order. We need something like that. Yeah. But I get look. Yeah, always, always. That's your teammate.


I gotta rock my teammate because they ask me. Well who you wanna be your quarterback John? Man, why you say it? Because I got Super Bowls with John and I got a gold jacket with John. Right? I mean, what y'all want me to say


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball every rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This Game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting Better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager from the NFL Network's. Good Morning Football and Fox's NFL kickoff show. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager, the podcast you find right here in each episode of the season. I'm gonna take you inside and behind the scenes of the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. We'll bring in the top GMs top coaches, the young coordinator you're getting to know. And we're gonna give you the story behind the story that you're probably not getting anywhere else. Like all Pro Jets, cornerback Sauce, Gardner, you Know, as a defense we looking forward to the ad, knowing where we left off last season and just continuing to get better. Like First year Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator, Zach Robinson Bija. You can get this guy a ball every single play and he's gonna make a play. See, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan. Paul Rut. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this Podcast? Music is awesome. Quick on a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schrager on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Cheryl Swoopes, WNBA Champ, three time Olympian and Basketball Hall of Famer. I'm a mom and I'm a woman. I'm Tika Foster, bras journalist, sports reporter, basketball analyst, a wife, and I'm also a woman. And on our new podcast we're talking about the real obstacles women face day to day See athlete or not. We all know it takes a lot as women to be at the top of our game. We wanna Share those stories about balancing work and relationships, motherhood, career shifts, you know, just all the shit we go through. Because no matter who you are, there are levels to what we experience as women And t and i. Well, we have no problem going there. Listen to levels to this with Cheryl Swoops and Tika Foster. Brisby and Iheart Women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondence and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show. Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


The Patriots rookie Drake May and his girlfriend Anna Michael Husson started dating when they were 12 years old, 10 years old. That's that They're still dating ojo when I was 12. Do You remember your girlfriend from when you were 12 years old? Remember? I I I told the story. I told the story. I thought she was my girl at the time, you know? Yeah. I let her get my crayons outta my 64 crayon box. I let her get the red shades and I, and I went to PE and she was playing with somebody else at pe so I thought she was my girl at the time. I, I think probably if, you know, she was loyal during those days, we would probably still be together today.


No, I'm, I'm, I'm, I just, I think we would because I, I mean listen, I I had love her. I don't think you understand the importance of having a 64 box of Crayola crayons back in them days that, oh, that was like having a, a Ferrari or a Lamborghini for us as kids. 64 box of Crayola crayons. And I gave you, I gave you three of my red color shades. Three different shades of red. I let you use 'em 'cause you need to use them. And, and when you go to pe you playing with Timothy. Well, Timothy said he needed a shade of red. Hey boy, after that, well when she came, they came back to class. I took my goddamn crayons back.


I ain't speak up for about, I ain't speed up about two months. Don't even look my way. Yo ugly. Your ugly. That's okay. That's all right. Timothy was talking to her. Oh, Timothy didn't worry about him. Listen, Timothy couldn't do nothing with Her. He owe me nothing because He had a, he only had a, a pack of crayons. Yeah. His, his parents didn't give him the 64 box. So that's the same. You just talked about that message. About 80 20. She left, she left the 80 for the 20%. Yeah, But guess what she said, you know what Timothy said, I got a pack and her, you got 64 packs and nothing. I take a APAC of Her's because she gonna do it a listen.


The one thing about it, if she did it to me, she gonna do it to you. That's okay. I'm trying to think 12, But I get don't don't give the line. Eighth, Seventh, seventh, eighth. Don't gimme the line. Probably seventh grade. Yeah, I ain't saying nothing because I already told you my casket gonna wear a lot. 'cause I'm taking a lot of itch to my grave. Yeah. I just want y'all to know I'm gonna need some strong brothers. I'm gonna need six of the strongest brothers I got. Y'all got, because my casket going be extra heavy. Ocho, I've, I'm taking it so, oh no, I've tried 12.


Did I have the, well I even, man, not, not the seventh grade, eighth grade. Nah. Yeah. Wasn't no girlfriend, you know. Oh. I mean she had a boyfriend. I A girlfriend. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Well he was on demon time back in the sixties, huh? Man, no, 60 man. That was in the damn hell with you. Hell with you man. Okay. 60 seventies all ain't long.


Nah. Who that? No. Yeah, that's, I mean, I, I know some people that that, that that dated their, I mean, but was with their girl since they were like 14. Yeah. Oh. I don't, I don't know. Nobody been 14. I got a lot, I got a lot. I got a lot of classmates that married. Yeah, they married. Yeah. Yeah. They've been together since they were Like, no, I would have, I would have To like the 10th grade, But honestly I don't know anybody. And it is commendable for brother Drake made it be able to be doing this. I don't think you understand.


Every everybody is pickle. Yeah. Oh, in today, in today's time. Well, you think it's onto the next or everybody's replaceable and Oh, everybody is replaceable no matter what. No matter what you may think or what you may feel about yourself, but everybody is replaceable, but they just, they just bounce and bounce and bouncing and just keep on bouncing until they find one that sticks. Yeah. Yeah. It, Hey, I take my hat off to you, boy. Yeah. Hey Drake, you hail. Oh, Joe Russell. Wilson. Is Optim optimistic about potentially playing there, playing on Sunday? Let's go what Sunday for the first time during the 2024 season? I feel confident that I'd be ready to play and ready to play at a high level.


I think we're being really smart too and trying to understand how it feels. It's my first re week really back with the guys and I feel really confident about that. Mike Tomlin said earlier in the week that there are multiple variables. He's weighed the decision throughout the week of practice, but the door is a jar. Right? Right. Which means a jar Ocho, which means slightly open Wilson to be active on Sunday. You know, you always want me to lose it. Use the word in a sentence, Russ. I played a lot of, I played a lot of football games and there have been a lot of moments. I don't fear them. Yeah. Getting ready to get, I like it go back and I like, I like Russ getting the opportunity to play. I know Justin Fields has played, has played somewhat good this year. They started three and oh, they lost the last two.


But offensively it's not like they've been this awesome juggernaut of an offense that's top three in the NFL putting up outstanding crazy numbers where a change of the quarterback position would really affect the Steelers. Again, I like Russell Wilson, my personal preference, even though I'm not a Steeler fan for that offense based on his resume, his last year in Denver was not that bad. Chad, if you look at the sta you look at his numbers his last year in Denver, it wasn't that bad. It was good. It was decent. Maybe not the Rus that led the goddamn Seahawk to the Super Bowl. But if we can get a Russ of old anywhere near the Rus of old where you don't turn the ball over and you just do what we ask of you and not put the ball in the hands of the other team, they will be just fine.


They will be just fine. The commander's quarterback, Jayden Daniels has exceeded expectations to begin his rookie season, including those from his own teammate. Terry McClure talked about the quarterback's hot start with Albert Bri saying, I did not anticipate him coming in and hitting the ground running like that. I played with a few quarterbacks and definitely a few rookies. Sometimes it takes some time to get comfortable in an NFL system, not just at practice. Then you go into the game and it's a different animal. What's what's always encouraged me about him is his ability to get better every day in practice. When we would have a so-so practice the next day, he would not make, make making the same mistakes twice.


Same thing in joint practice. Then you get into the game and you see him getting better each and every week. I think it's a testament to the experience that he had in college, but it's also his preparation. He puts in that dude worked so hard. He's always prepared. Yes. And I I think it also has to do with where he came, where he came, what school he came, what school he's coming from being in, being under the big lights, being at LSU used to the large crowds coming from a a, a college team that is preparing you for the next level anyway. So all you had to do was do just that. Hit the ground running based on everything you, you you've taken from there. Everything you've learned since you adolescents, since you've been playing quarterback.


You come on to the NFL, you put the right people around you. If you in the right situation, you get what you're getting from Jane Daniels at such an early age. Even as a, I mean such an early age at such an early time even as a rookie. But he had 55 stars. Joe, do you know how many stars that he was Accomplished? Yeah, that's a good thing. That's why he looked Most times college quarterbacks. They, they're a red shirt play two years they gone. That's why he looked the way he Do. Let's just say, let's just say if you play for the national championship, you're probably playing 14 or 15 games. Obviously he didn't play for the national championship, so he's playing basically he's been a starter every, every since he walked into college to get that many starts.


Yeah. So it's extremely impressive. It goes to show you the work that he's put in. Daniels is completing 77.1% of his passes the highest among all sets. Starting quarterback. He set a single game rookie completion record during week. Washington's re three win over the Bengals connected on 91.3% of his throws Rose Young Bull look like he'd been there before. Man. That's, that's, that's the only way he does him and him and him and CJ Rou. They look like they've been there before The Bears beat the Panthers. Hey, you saw, you saw today, huh? Yeah. How on Dave Canals threw Bryce Young back in the game with four 15 remaining and Bryce took his first snap in the game since being benched after O2.


Oh, so you mean to tell me the quarterback situation that don't change anything, huh? Oh, huh. On the first play, he brought time and scrambling five miles Sanders open for a 27 yard game. Canals brought, did a fantastic job of said Andy Dalton will remain the starter for next week against the Falcons after the game. Bryce Young asked if the current situation lit a fire put in here. What'd you think? Ocho Pol politically correct. He's saying, he's saying, he's saying all the right things, but maybe that is just him though. You, you can tell from his, you know, his manner. That's his Personality. O Joe. The way, the way he carries himself. That's just him. Huh?


That's his personality. Yeah. I, I, I, I see, I can see, I can see cool dude. Real softspoken, real soft spoken. It just, you know, I think, I think he, he gonna get his, he gonna get the opportunity again. I just, yeah. I just hope his confidence is, is is at whenever that opportunity presents itself, that he's ready mentally, you know, and I think it's, it probably, it, it might be with the Panthers or if it's, if it's elsewhere. I, I I hope he's ready. Well, until they get some weapons, they're like, don't put me back in there. 'cause I ain't gonna look no better because Andy Dalton. Look, look how Andy look at Andy Dalton numbers with those weapons and everybody Ooh.


Oh, Andy Dalton Woo. Look at Andy Dalton. We got a large enough sample size to know what Andy Dalton is. Large enough, plenty large. I don't care who the quarterback is. Ain't nobody, look, you better be Peyton Manning or Tom Brady to make, make this, these receivers look good. Yeah. I mean, listen, I I, they, they got, they got some mikes they got, they, I mean they got, they got some boys over there. Now once they get, once they get Adam Thilan back, they got Xavier leg, they got Mingo, you know, they got some boys, they got D Yeah. One Target, one kick. They got Deontay Johnson. They got some nice, you know, some nice little pieces. They just gotta put that shit together. They got, they gotta put it together.


And then when you have a, oh Joe, when you have, when you have question marks that a quarter position, that means the receiver position and the tight ends have to be that much better than the quarterback. And that's why, that's why he doesn't stand a chance. It gotta be because they're not, that's not, they're not that much better. That's not nice, huh? He ain't throwing, he ain't throwing Kel and Laporta and Kittle and guys like that. He's not throwing the Justin Jefferson and, and Chase and the guys like that. Even if you want to go e even if you take those top 10 guys out and go the next 10, what, what guy if I give you, if I give you how many receivers you gonna go to before you take Deontay Johnson, you leg, I get it. He's a rookie. But how many receivers and tight ends are you gonna go through before you pick one off the Carolinas roster?


Mm. A bunch. That's rude. It is the truth though. Rookies, look at what CJ was throwing to. He had Nico Tank, Dale, Noah Browns. Well he had Dalton Schultz, he had nice people. Which one of those guys are better than any of the guys that I named On the Panthers? Yeah. Which one of those guys is better than Nico Collins? Better than Tank Dale. Better than Dalton Schultz.


Better than hell. Noah Brown Comparison is the thief of joy. Yeah. And they stealing all the joy from Bryce Young 'cause they ain't doing Ish. I'm glad you, I'm glad you brought that up.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On every season of my podcast against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I Ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only Going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


What's up everybody? It's Peter Schrager from the NFL Network's. Good Morning Football and Fox's NFL kickoff show. We're back for the season with Peter Schrager, the podcast you find right here in each episode of the season. I'm gonna take you inside and behind the scenes of the conversations that happen at the highest levels of NFL franchises. We're bringing the top GMs top coaches, the young coordinator you're getting to know. And we're gonna give you the story behind the story that you're probably not getting anywhere else. Like all Pro Jets, cornerback Sauce, Gardner, You know, as a defense we looking forward to ad knowing where we left off last season and just continuing to get better. Like first year Atlanta Falcons offensive coordinator, Zach Robinson Bijon. You can get his guy a ball every single play and he's gonna make a play. See, you'll be in the front office of an NFL team one week, but the next week you're gonna be at a bar elbow to elbow with some of your favorite celebrities laughing about football like Kansas City Chiefs fan. Paul Rudd. By the way, can I just point out how much I like the music of this podcast? Music is awesome. Quick on like a funky beat. Listen to the season with Peter Schrager on the Iheart Radio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Cheryl Swoopes, WNBA Champ, three time Olympian and Basketball Hall of Famer. I'm a mom and I'm a woman. I'm Tika Foster, bras journalist, sports reporter, basketball analyst, a wife, and I'm also a woman. And on our new podcast we're talking about the real obstacles women face day to day See athlete or not. We all know it takes a lot as women to be at the top of our game. We Wanna share those stories about balancing work and relationships, motherhood, career shifts, you know, just all the shit we go through Because no matter who you are, there are levels to what we experience as women And t and i. Well, we have no problem going there. Listen to levels to this with Rel Swoops and Tika Foster Brisby, an Iheart women's sports production and partnership with Deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. The Daily Show podcast has everything you need to stay on top of today's news and pop culture. You get hilarious satirical takes on entertainment, politics, sports, and more from John and the team of correspondents and contributors. The podcast also has content you can't get anywhere else, like extended interviews and a roundup of the weekly headlines. Listen to the Daily Show. Here's edition on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


Man, that young man dealing Ocho, we done took your glasses off. What? You all right, Ocho I don't know what to say about the show, bro. Oh, I'm running outta words Ocho at some point in time. Ocho just gotta stop Now. Cleveland hasn't taught more than 18 points in the game this season. The Browns inner week five with the worst third down offense in the NFL. And they, they failed, they failed to convert all 12 of their third down attempts today with Deshaun in the game. Hey, I, I got a question at Some point in time. Listen, What, what's the issue? What's the issue?


Is it, is it, is it, is it mental? Is it, is it the play calling? I mean, what, what do you think it is? And I'm confused, huh? I've been watching football for a long time, for a very long time. And the in the nose dive in the nose d that, that I've seen from a personal standpoint of arguably maybe a top three quarterback when he was with, with the Texans to what? The, the version of Deshaun Jackson. Deshaun That the version of Deshaun Watson I'm seeing now, that's how He not even close to In such a short amount of such a short amount of time. How? Barring an injury. The only time, the only time Ocho I can say I've seen this kind of drop off from any kind of player hold on, is through injury.


Injury. If you have a significant injury that would explain it. I could offer you Ocho man, you know, the man tore his, he tore his patella tendon ocho, you know, the man tore his achilles, he had back to back ACL surgery Ocho, he almost had his shoulder ripped off the bone. So that would explain the cataclysmic drop in his play. But I don't see an injury that would cause It. Yeah, it it is mental. It's mental, huh? It's up here. Hey, you listen. Do you know how hard that is to get back, especially at that position, at the quarterback position, the court? Yes, Because everything, because it's Mental. You messed up mentally here and at the quarterback position, you got the ball in your hands every time.


So your judgment and your mind, it already got to be clear because if you judgment in your mind and you're not healthy as well, on top of that, you'll never be, you'll never be able to play well, you'll never be able to excel with that position. Like I was think I was thinking about it. I'm looking at, I I'm thinking about it early day. Well, God damn, I'm, I'm looking at, well damn the Browns, we got a Mark Cooper, you got Nick Chubb, you got Nick Chubb coming back soon, I think maybe two weeks, maybe, maybe one more. And Kuku You bought in Elijah, Elijah Moore, you bought in, you bought him a young bull. Damn. Why, why, why? I'm going blank right now.


You got, he brought him a young bull, Jerry, Judy, you know, over there. I'm like, what? Okay, we good, we good. We we, I'm talking about we good. I'm just saying from a as, as a fan, as a, as a fan of Deshaun Watson as a fan of some of these young bulls over there, man, that, that I enjoy watching. I'm like, okay, they gonna compete. They gonna compete. They gonna have a chance, you know, in the a FC North. And it just is not what I envision based on what I've seen in the past, and I really can't put, I can't put my hands on it on why they look the way they do Ocho. He don't even move the same, you don't look the same in the pocket. And, and, and, and, and I think, you know, look, I'm not here to try to rehash and rethink anything, but I think that that, that, yeah, that weighed a lot on his mind.


I think it weighed a a a hell of a lot on his mind. And he wa he's, he hasn't been the same. And I think everybody knows that. I'm not breaking No, no, no. Ocho you and I are not breaking news. Everybody knows they, I saw the guy he led the league his last year starting in, in, in, in Houston. He led the NFL in passing yards. He did that. I'm not so sure Deshaun, he is the, the 28 20 ninth 30, 31st, 32nd. He is a bottom five quarterback currently. Look at Joe Flacco in Indy. Look at what Joe Flacco did in Cleveland.


Joe F fla. Joe Flacco is a, if I'm not mistaken, I think I read this is eight days younger than Anthony Richardson. Mom Hey Joe. Joe O Joe. That o Yes. Yes. It's because I think sometimes Ocho when you have Yeah, An image and, and, and then all of a sudden that image is not what was being portrayed. And people start to like, you start to think how do they, how do they look at me now?


How do they perceive me? And that plays with you. Yeah, because you out in the public Oh show Anthony Richardson talked about being injury pro. Thank I had a, I had a coach told me once the vest, What'd you think O Joe ability Is availability. We know it's a game of football where everybody running 20, 25 plus miles per hour. It's a contact sport. It's, it is a contact sport. You gotta able to protect yourself, especially at the quarterback position now because you were injured last year because you're injured now. You might have a hip injury or ankle, whatever it may be, they're gonna call you entry prone, it's gonna stick.


And that la that label is gonna stick, especially if it starts early on in your career. So you just gotta find a way to protect yourself. Man, listen, Anthony Richardson is a special talent. He's a special talent. He has, he has a chance, an opportunity to change the structure of that coach franchise. You know, not saying he gonna be Peyton Manning, but he has a chance to get it going in the right direction with a, along with the other young quarterbacks like Jay, the Ja, the Jayden, Daniels, the CJ Strouds. We just need him on the field. We need him on, we need him on the field healthy and, and and upright. So I'm hoping, I'm hoping he has a speed of recovery. But right now, based on what we've seen the past two seasons, you would be just that injury prone.


Oh, Joe, this, oh Joe, this is where I'm gonna have to disagree with you. What is it? Football is not a contact sport. Football is a collision. Sport Collision is part is contact. When two things collide, that's contact, right? See, contact is minimally like people collide. Football. I heard somebody best describe football this way. Football is a lot like nuclear warfare. Woo. There are no winners, only survivors. Wait, what my, You don't win at football. You survive the game, you survive football. Think about it. You say if somebody ran into you at 20 miles an hour, but you think about this, people are running in you at 20 miles an hour over and over and over and over and over and over again.


15, 20, 25, 30, 40, 50 times a game. That's what I tell people. You wanna know what it's like to play NFL football. Go to Lowe's and get your hard hat and put on your biggest coat and get 10 yards away from your garage. Get five yards away from your garage and run into it as hard as you possibly can. 20 times. Okay? Now do it again 30 times and then do it again 40 times. And I tell you what, just for good measure, come back and do it again on Thursday because you got a short week now you know what it's like to play football and everybody talking about he's soft. He's soft. Yeah. You wouldn't last one day, let alone a season. So stop it.


I love how people talk about he's soft bro. You don't know what soft is. Yeah, you soft for the drug store cotton. All y'all out there bumping them guns. Yeah. Oh, he soft. He soft. He's scared bro. There's a reason why you on your couch talking how you were scared. Now you now you know, now you know what? I had to go through two times a year against the Ravens two times a year against the Steelers, Bro. Sh Yes, but you know, I was able to do it without getting injured for years. Can I tell you why? Can I tell you why I never got hurt? Yes. Nutrition, right.


Ojo the same way. People that never drink get cancer the same way. People that do eat certain things, there are certain people that eat, eat right or eat whatever and never get a disease. But there are some people that eat every and Boom. Oh yeah. It ain't, it ain't, it Ain't so, ain't no rhyme or reason ocho you. What about, what about the people that don't smoke and get cancer? Get lung cancer, get throat cancer And there are people that smoke been smoking 70 years, take their last breath. Oh well he had a cigarette in hand. Some people, you know, some people smoke 70 years ocho and never get it.


And there are people, there are people that never smoked a cigarette. Cigarette or cigar, never drank anything. I just stopped trying to figure out why. Look, this is the way it's intended to be. Hey, let me make the most of my time while I'm here. But Anthony Richardson, you are gonna have to learn how to get down because you never gonna be big enough to run over those guys. They'll break you, bro. They'll break you. I understand you. Four. You 6 5 2 44. You ran 4, 4, 4 5. Yeah, he gonna be, he he gonna be all right though. He gonna be all right. Get him healthy. Stay on that field. He gonna be all right.


Yeah. Know what they gotta stop running? Hold on Because I I'll block it for you. Oh, so just like me, I block it for you Ocho on the jailbreak screen. Okay. Once you break that, right, and you see all them three guys, don't the Coach gotta save it for himself. Stop fucking running them. Stop calling plays where he's, where he's run first. They, they they got, they got the change. Some of the play calling. You know, I understand that he can take off because nobody's open. That's one thing. Yeah. But design play runs. I think when he got hurt, if I'm not mistaken, that might have been a design play run. I, if I'm not mistaken, I don't remember. No, he broke, he scrambled on that one. But what? No, the what what actually he got hurt to play before, right?


Because remember he got up limp, he scrambled and got up to play before and the, what I mean was a quarterback run was a, I mean, run. See what That, that's, that's on the goddamn court. Yeah. But if I'm a defender, yes. If I'm a defender, I, they, if he don't, if he ain't protect you, why the hell should I, they the run that's running you, I'm gonna try to drop helmet on you. Yes. So a ar protect yourself bro. Protect yourself. They're not, they not, they're not going to protect you. They going, they go, because think about it, they go a whole game.


They already done saying they can't put, they can't in the pocket. They gotta pull a blanket and get a nice little pillow and lay you down. They can't dump you like they used to. So once you get outside that pocket and you get past that line of scrimmage, boy they tried to Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh. Boy's head hunting out there, man. I, Yeah, for sure. I mean, I know I would, The the, the rules are already in the offensive favor. Hey look, so, eh, you know, the rules are, the rules are like that. 'cause they wanna keep the star quarterbacks on the field. If I'm a defender ocho well, it's your job.


It's the, it's their, it's the offensive coordinator job and it's his job to stay on the field because if you break that line of scrimmage, I'm trying to split your mofo down. I'm trying to, because that greatly increases my chance of win. Hey, I'm just, I'm hitting you as hard as legal. I look, I want people to misconstrue this. I'm never gonna hit anybody cheat unless you hit me cheat. Then I'm gonna get you back. Yeah, I'm gonna get my lick back and I just want you to know I'm gonna get my lick back. But yeah, in that situation, I ain't gonna hit him cheat. But boy


The Volume, I'm Julian Delman. I'm Rob Gronkowski And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey There. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America s number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, 1974. George Foreman Was champion of the world. Ali was smart and he was handsome. Story behind The Rumble in the Jungle is like a Hollywood Movie, But that is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam mc Kiba, all the Biggest slack Artists that on the planet together in Africa. It was a big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali Foreman and the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everyone, this is Jimmy O'Brien from John Boy. Media I. want to quickly tell you about my podcast? It's called Jimmy's Three Things. Episodes, come out every Tuesday and for 30 minutes I dive into three stories in Major, League, Baseball that I want to talk about or I. do a stat deep dive. Sometimes. I create my own stats. It gets weird. It's now your go to podcast for staying up to date and in the weeds with Major. League, Baseball. No topic is off limits or too small. Bad umpires, great pitcher, catcher, duos, new rules, old rules, Three, things that I want to talk about. Listen to Jimmy's three things on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.