
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here.


Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, you Turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more. Check out bose.com.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and it is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups, and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports. And sign up today


Everybody vibes with the all new Camry. With a four mode drive switch, you're in total control of your ride hall of Fame. Point guards don't have this level of control. And the Camry's got the flash the match we're talking available. 19 inch Multip spoke alloy wheels and Chrome dual tipped exhaust. This is the complete package. There are no weaknesses in the Camry's game. And because every all new Camry is a hybrid, it's fuel efficiency is a difference maker for your wallet. Whatever your vibe, it's a Camry vibe. Learn more at toyota.com/camry.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video wide open this week. It's an NFC South Clash as the Tampa Bay Buccaneers take on the Atlanta Falcons. Heck of what's wrong. Not a Prime member. Sign up for 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Buccaneers and Falcons Thursday own on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for detail.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's OD o.com.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure. Touchdowns matter Moore at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Anthony Edwards is going to miss. Call Anthony. Towns. When asked about the trade Minnesota Timber Wolf Media Day, aunt Manning acknowledged that the move really hurt due their close relationship. Yeah. Ocho Is there a teammate that was traded unexpectedly that hurt? I don't think it was unexpectedly, especially when it comes to football. You, you kind of know, I think when I, when I, when I lost, when I lost hooch, when tj, when TJ left and, and it might have been free exit. I don't even think it was traded. Right. But, but that hurt because you gotta understand, me and Hosier been together since, since Oregon State. Right. We've been, been together since Oregon State and just, we just so happened to get drafted to the altogether.


We, we were close. Shell we still close to this day. And, we, when he was no longer there, man, it was like, I mean it wasn't, it wasn't a hurt, like, oh, I'm crying hurt, but it was like, God damn man, not 84 ain't gonna be here. And you know, I just, it it it was different. It was different. Yeah. That that, that, that bothered me a little bit. But I understood the business side. I understood the business side of things. But losing tj boy, that, that, that stung a little bit. Yeah, it was like that for me. He didn't get, he didn't get traded, but he didn't, they didn't resign him in free agency. Keith Burns who? That He ended up going to Chicago, if I'm not mistaken. And who was it? Me. Huh? Who Was it?


Burns. Keith Burns. Okay. Okay. Yeah, he didn't get traded, but in the off season in 99, they didn't resign him in free agency. And so he ended up going to Chicago and Yeah, it wasn't the same for me either. 'cause that was really the only guy that I really hung with. That was the only guy that, you know, Hey, we talked, I mean, hey, we, we would like ocho we get there. I mean, we'd be playing cards, man. Practice was over. I mean, practice ended like three 30. Right. We'd have meetings till four 30. Man, we wouldn't leave till seven o'clock. We playing cards. We laughing. They, they playing video games. We playing cards. We laughing and talking. Right Man. They're like, man, you about to get me divorced. Me, him and water, all the guys.


Man, we just playing cards, having a good old time because we, we, we generally really liked each other. We loved being around each other. You know, we had our, we had our little clique that we always did stuff together. Right. We go bowling, we go to the movies. I mean, we did things as a team and yeah, it definitely wasn't the same when, when he left. But I can understand, Kat, you developer Friendship Kat was the number one overall draft pick, Antman was the number one overall draft pick. Yeah. A lot of expectations. And, you know, that's what happens. It's, it's, at the end of the day, you realize when things like this happen, you realize it's a business.


You know, it is a business. The ugly side of things. Yep. It is another media day. Another Draymond soundbite. Let's take a listen between the exchange of a media member and Draymond. You know, people worry about you, fans, maybe your teammates, All they worry about me, successful black man in America doing incredibly well. What's the worry about? They Worry about you. There are way more people in this world to worry about me, that's for sure. Right. But we're here now, so we're All here. I don't think you should worry about me. Okay. I'm doing pretty well. If you would've, if you would've told me when I was 13 years old and Saginaw, Michigan without a pot piss in that you'd be sitting here and somebody would say they're worried about you.


I would've probably told them they were out of their mind. If they, I'd be sitting here and they'd be worried about me. Well, they're worried from themselves too. They, they wanna know. They don't feed themselves. They know the team needs you. So why are they worried? Because they know that team needs you, but they don't feed themselves Family. And They don't know if you're gonna Be here. Their family's doing this. I'm here, I've been here for 13 years now. If you're gonna be here every night, Been here pretty much all every night for 13 years, What's your take ojo? I I like it. I like it. I like it. Listen, Draymond's come a long way. And that reporter probably doesn't understand what it took for Draymond to get in the position that he's in now.


Some of the issues on court, if the reporter might not like him or it, it, it bothers other people. Maybe those are the people that are worried about him. But Draymond always shows up. He's an important factor to that team and always has been. He is the anchor that keeps it together. He's the enforcer on that team and hell he's there. I I but I do under, I do understand what the reporter is talking about. You know, I, but I don't know, know about worry. I don't know if fans are worried. He's making it seem like Draymond's gonna run in the stands and punch somebody or he got a issue going on. Just the extra Activity. I, I understand. And so Draymond's like, bro, what, what are you worried about?


I get it. So if I don't show up, that's gonna cause fans to worry. You know how, you know how reporters are? I think his wording, his wording was a little, little Low. Yeah. He is like, bro, it's like Draymond, you miss some times last year. Hmm. Couple of years with some, some, where are you? Are you past that now? Or the team going to the team gonna be able to count on you? I don't know if, if if worry the fans being worried. I mean, I think that's what triggered Draymond, right? Yeah. But, but you know what I, what I do, what, what makes Draymond special, you know, is, is I don't think he needs to change much of who he is.


You know, allow him to be him. Now some of the extracurricular activities now you can cut some of that stuff out, but still be the enforcer player that you are. You right. You don't want to take too much away from a person and it takes away from their game and what makes them special and makes them who they are. Bro, you gonna be on a OL You Can't, you don't dial up internet. Nah, the wifi bad Is it? Well, I, I just, damn my bad. Yeah. Kai, don't think we forgot about you. Castanet recently made a professional debut in a little basketball association LBA in Atlanta on Saturday night.


Kai pared an NBA style draft confidently predicting that he'll be a top three pick but in a comedy twist. He ended up being drafted last. An Uber driver who delivered some food got picked before Kai. It didn't stop their OCHO in the first half. Kai racked up four files against the kid and to top it off, he even got blocked by a kid during the game. Ocho check, check this out. Oh, hey.


Who? Hey what he playing a bunch? Hey, he playing against a bunch of kids. Yes. You Serious? And they damn near the same height he is. He talking about, he talking about he five 11, almost six foot. Hold on. He thought in the draft you gonna go top three. Yeah man, an Uber driver brought him some food. He got drafted before Kai. Hey, that is so, that is so funny. There's a, it's called lb, like little, Little little basketball League. Yeah. He had 24 points and 32 rebounds.


Okay. He Oh, he was scoring, he was balling there. He was balling. Hey That, come on man. How you gonna, how you gonna try to, how you gonna try to do that to the kid, man? Hey, that's, that's funny. What's the, what's the age group though? Huh? Shit, they look like from between eight to 11. Hold on. I can't laugh loud man. I'm gonna get in trouble now. Where are you? I'm at a ho I'm be at the hotel I got, I got work tomorrow. Every time I'm in a hotel, every time I'm on a hotel, you know these, the security to my room every time. 'cause the neighbor complain.


I'm too loud. Yeah, yeah man. Go and have them to get you a Sweet shit. Well, you know how much that cost, shit. Well, if they paying for it, I don't care. I ain't, I ain't, you know, I ain't, I don't, I I try not to be rude and be stingy like that. I try to be grateful for what they give me. I tell 'em, I just listen. I just need the simplest room you got. No, I ain't, what I tell them that ain't what I, that ain't what I tell them. Oh no. Ain't nothing simple. Yeah, you, you, you fancy unc. I I live a very, no, I ain't fancy lifestyle. All I need is a TV and a bed and some wifi.


Man, my TV don't even come on. I can do without the tv. I this nice room, but I damned a tv. Oh, okay. Because the TV don't, the TV rarely comes on. Right. Yeah. They need me a TV now. I can't remember the last time I had a t had a tv. Well what was that last week? When y'all ca well what were we and Yeah, and Howard. Yeah, we had to figure it out. And then Ash had to put a, her admin into the TV so we could watch Amazon. So we could watch Amazon on Thursday night if, or she have to give it to Jordan. You know, sometimes Ash don't travel right. So she have to type it into Jordan. Jordan have to put it on the TV because I ain't got no Amazon account.


So I guess I have to wing it. And you know, cheapo Jordan, I'm like, Jordan, man, you, you and hey man, hey, you ain't got no card to put it on. I said, Jordan, it's only like $11, man. But you know. But you mean you ain't got Amazon account? No. What about NFL plus Ash. Got it. Oh, so oh, Ash got all the apps then. Okay. Okay. You She put it on my car, but it's her account. It's it's on my car. Right. But it's her account. Okay. I got you. I got you. Alright Ocho, now it's time for Rough Draft.


Today's prompted by favorite us. Okay. That's all we got. Damn there. It's, Hey. All right. All right, all right, all right. All right. Here we go. Here we go. Hey, just know I'm gonna win this This year. This episode of Rush Draft tonight is Pro is prompted favorite US city to travel to ocho. I went first, last.


You get to go first. All right. Favorite U us C to travel to Chad? Stay with me and I know I'm gonna be right. You ready? I'm going first, right? Yep. Yep. Miami's number one. Houston, I, I was hoping, I don't care what you got. I don't even wanna talk no more. Ocho you take it from here. Ocho Houston. Houston. Houston. Okay. Number two. I'm going Chicago. Okay. And before, before you say anything, I'm gonna, I'm gonna Chicago simply for the food. Okay? Yeah. Well, if I gotta, I guess I'll take New York. Well, if you take New York, I'm gonna take Los Angeles.


You take Los Angeles? I gotta take Las Vegas Now. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm sticking back to food now. So I'm going, okay, I'm gonna New Orleans. Okay. I like that. I like that. I'm going Seattle. You can go Seattle because there's a, there's a place that's, that's hidden. It's a hidden gem. A lot of people don't know about it, but it's up and coming. And that's Nashville, Tennessee. Nashville's nice. Yeah. A TL Got one for you. That's it. Okay. We get, you want, you want a honorable mention. My Honorable Mitch would be Portland. Like people, people go sleep on Portland.


Now, of fact, I went to school in Oregon. Portland is very nice now. Very nice. Yeah. Yeah. For me, I told you one of the best kept secrets in America. What? Minnesota. Okay. Okay. That's a good Minnesota ain't better than Portland though. Oh yeah. Oh, for sure. 1000 trillion percent. Trust me, it's not. No. Trust me As the chat. Oh, I love mine. I love mine, man. I got the Mecca. I got the financial, I got the financial Mecca, New York. Nothing happens without New York.


Sir, Where you gonna get your money from? I have, I have who? The Federal Reserve. Where you gonna get your money from? I got BlackRock. I got JP Morgan, I got all the financial institutions. And you know what? I ain't giving you no money to open nothing. That, that, that's fine. That that's fine. But my Rough Draft is still better than yours. And I'm sure the chap can agree to that. I mean, You got some nice, but look, all I wanted was the first one. You know, you know that, you know Houston left a depression on your boy Ojo. You know what I'm saying? Ocho? Yeah. Listen, I'm, I'm not getting in trouble with that no more. And Yeah. Hu Houston, Houston was cool. Hu Houston was cool. Houston was cool. It was cool. Are we cool?


Hey, Hey. Great Man. Look at that. Hey Ocho, why you sleeping? Now I got a nice little list. Hey Chad. Y'all better tell it. Y'all better tell it. Your, your List, your List is new. New York, Vegas, Atlanta, Seattle, Houston. Oh, I got a nice little, I got a nice little one. UNC lost your list. Doesn't compare to mine. Yeah, Man in Vegas, bro. Vegas, UNC, Miami, Chicago, la You don't understand the, the, the, the melting pot in the New Orleans. Like, come on. It's, it's over, Man. Ain't nobody got no bigger melting pot, pot pot in new to New York.


No, Miami. Miami has, yeah, you Right. Yeah. Okay. Miami Has every ethnicity, every democrat, anything you could think of. Yeah. And then, and then when it come to Food Chicago and New Orleans. Oh, case closed. Chicago, new Orleans. When it come to food and restaurants, it's all, Nah, hey, Houston got little food. But I, you know, well, you the guy, you know, I mean, you can eat it if you wanna, but you ain't got, you know what I'm saying? That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying. And I'm gonna leave that alone. I'm gonna leave that alone. I ain't got else to say I'm done, done, finished. Okay, we gonna put it, we gonna put it to the boat.


We gonna find out by the end of the night. Who won ocho? So I have Houston, New York, Vegas, Seattle, Atlanta. My honorable mention is Minnesota. OCHO had Miami, Chicago, la, new Orleans, Nashville. Honorable mention was Portland. So I feel good. I feel, I feel good. I feel good. I feel good about my little lift. Oh, I was looking around the house today. Yeah. And I found something. What's that? Is this you? That's me. That's you. Hey, send me that. No. Whoa. It's at My house. Well, I hadn't even got to your house though. What You mean? How, so Chad, what y'all think I should do with this right here?


This is a, Is it 1 0 1? This Is a, a sensational signature. Right. It is autographed by ocho. That's me. That's me, that's me, that's me. That's me. And so is it, Is it one, is it one? They only made one. They only made 149 of these. Okay. This is number card number 97. Okay. Okay. Yeah, you can have, you can have that one. No, Uhuh. I, I thought, I thought, I thought it was a 1 0 1. It was a 1 0 1. I need that. 'cause that's a little money Unfortunately. Ocho, I don't know if you had any one oh ones. Oh, I got some one-on-ones. You played one-on-one?


No, no, no. I got what you playing against? No, I got some cards. That's one-on-one. So what y'all think I should do with this? I'm a, you know what I tell you what? Listen, You ain't sent me nothing. That you, you got my funko you got, you got all my, you got all my wards. You, you ain't sent me nothing yet. Ocho What Happened? You raised up from here? It's gonna be trouble, trouble. You talking about this old thing right here. Hey, come on man. Let get, let me get my stuff man thing right now. It's been a year.


And You know what I tell you what? This is what we gonna do. It's been a year. We gonna deal. It's been a year and a half. Can I get my stuff? Nah, no, this is mine. They sent it to me. They didn't send it to you. They sent it to you because they didn't have my address And they still ain't got it. So I'll be getting some more of your stuff. Okay. In order of us hitting 1.5 million a day, if you place an order within the ne a merch order in the next 10 minutes, Ash will ship. Ash will select And. We'll ship the fund, co and the card.


That's it. Matter of fact, if you win and you get that Funko in that card, you send it to me. Be a good Samaritan. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Know that. Look here the man, he got a little tennis ball. He got a soccer ball for Mike. He got a cheeseburger and he got a Scully on. They did a great job. This fun code is o like og. It's one of the best fun codes I've seen. And yeah, you get a signed autograph card. Probably be the best one Card. 97 card, no card. 97 or one 40 Outta 1 49. Yeah. If any, if anybody wins this, please, I will give you a cash prize for my Funko.


You can keep the card. I just want my Funko because the Funko is 1 0 1. Well, it's about to be one or two. 'cause from go from my hands to somebody else's. So, so that's what, that's what's about to happen. So the link is pinned at the top of the chat. Any merch order in the next 10 minutes, get the Funko and the OCHO card. I figured that's the least I could do.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. People always say it's good to unwind, but that's easier said than done. The exception Chumba Casino, they actually make it easier done than said, or at least the same. Chumba Casino is an online social casino with hundreds of casino style games, like slots and blackjack. Play for fun, play for free. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Sign up now and collect your free welcome bonus@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch. No one can stop you For more, check out bs.com. Hey guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I like it too.


This is a perfect thing. Billy Kansas State is being overlooked because of what happened at BYU. Mike Gundy is, is a snot head. His perm is finally catching up to him. They lost at home to Utah. It's another one I like. Will Howard, you know, he's the quarterback at Kansas State. He's not there anymore. He was last year. Will Howard used to be the quarterback at Kansas State. Now it's a guy with long hair, right? His name is Avery Johnson. Avery Johnson. Yeah. He used to coach Alabama. Now he's the quarterback Admir. Now he's the quarterback at Kansas State. I love the the Kansas State Purple Bobcat Wild Cats there it, it's, and this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I'll never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man City, Royal Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in AC Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Juventus by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament is Champions, playing Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win because nobody watches UA. For Champions League like us Stream every UA for Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video this Thursday. It's an NFC South Battle. As the Tampa Bay Buccaneers faced, the revamped Atlanta Falcons join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Streett and Kaylee Hartung for this crucial divisional matchup. You know what's crazy about the Bucks is most people, when Brady retired wrote him off. I know I was guilty, but Todd Bowles is proven pretty good. Head coach Jason Light, one of the best GMs in the NFL. And let's face it, the bucks are just good. The Falcons not so sure. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party TNF tonight Live from Atlanta. Not a Prime member, not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Bucks and Falcons at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


All right, Ocho, now it's time for spell Cinco. Oh, hold on. I need, I need to, I need to, I need to prep. I need to prep. I need to prep and just take a walk real quick. Okay. Okay, I'm ready. I'm ready. Okay. Ocho, we gonna start you off real easy Just for y'all tonight. A Ammuck. Huh?


Ammuck A Yeah. A lot of times when parents aren't around, kids will run amuck. Oh, but that's a good one, bro. Listen, my grandma used to use that word and my mama used to use that word, but I ain't never had to spell it a Uck. I know it. Start with a, huh? Yep. M And I know I listen, I know that the, the, the end, the ending of the spelling is probably gonna be something crazy. But I'm gonna just say UCK Close am. Okay. Damn Cool.


Ocho. Hey, that sound like a mo to me, but I, I slide. Alright. Ocho got another one for you. This is a real easy one. I think you gonna like this one. Yeah. Serendipity Serenity. S-E-R-E-S-E-R-E-N-D-I-P-I-T-Y. That is correct. Serendipity. Let's go. What? Let's go. What is what I do? This is what I do. Don't ever challenge me. I was an honor student. The next one is doppelganger. Do doppelganger.


Yes. Is that when you have a lookalike? Oh yeah. We all have a doppelganger. Yeah. Doppelganger. D-O-P-P-L-E. Hold on, lemme go back. DO double P-L-E-G-A-N-G-E-R. You got it? No, hold on. Spell it again. Doppelganger. Yes. DO double PLE on gang. GER. That's what I thought you missed it. It's D-O-P-P-E-L-G-A-N-E-R. Oh God damn it.


Oh, you got me. That's okay. Yeah, that one. So I, I went, I went, I went doppel like DO double p, LE instead of PEL. My bad, my bad, my bad. I think I'm saying it. Pation. Yeah. Come Wait, what word did you just say? Say it Again. Pation. Pation. Yes. Pan. Okay, pan. Not pation. Pan Pation. Okay, listen, I'm, I'm gonna wing it.


I'm gonna wing it based on, based based on the sounding and the pronunciation. Pation. P-A-N-D-I-C-U-L-A-T-O-N. That is correct. Pation. The next word. Oh Boy is catty wampus. Ooh, Catty WPAs. Okay, okay. Okay. I like, I like, I like where you're going. I like what y'all trying to do to me right now. Y'all trying to embarrass me in front of people. But I got this cattywampus caddy.


Caddy. This could be a little tricky 'cause caddy could be spelled CA double TI or maybe CA doublet y. So I'm trying to figure out, or it could be a K because you know how the English, the English language is, they butcher all type of shit. Catty, WPAs. You think it start with a C or a K? I'm not sure Ocho. You know, just tell me. Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Catty. Catty. When something is catty, when they spell catty.


So CA double TY. So should I just go with that catty? Yes. No. Yes. Can I get a hint? No. Yes, Go ahead. Okay. All right. It gotta be caddy CA double TY. I know that. How do you spell Wampus? Like wm. wm. When somebody say wamp, wm, that's WI know that. O-M-P-U-S You are close. CAT Come on.


C-A-T-Y-W-A-M-P-U-S cat. That's what I said. Hold long time. No, you said o Is that not what I just Said? No, you said OW wa But when you wwo like Charlie Brown Wwo. Yeah, it was w it was wa not o No, It was a, yeah. And that was a good one. Okay. Okay. I A biblio phobia. A biblio phobia. Oh, I know this, I know this because I, I had, I had to, I had to do this for my science project. Okay.


I had to do this for my science project. I, I never forget a biblio phobia. A biblio phobia. A bib phobia, A bibly, a biblio, a biblio phobia. Yep. A biblio phobia. A bib abl B abl a bib. A biblio phobia. A biblio phobia. I know phobias at the win at the end. Phobia is P-H-O-B-I-B-I-B-I-A. All I got that part. I just gotta get the obl the fuck. Say it again. A biblio phobia. Okay. A-A-B-A-B-I-B.


OBL obl. A-B-I-B-L-I-O. Phobia. It gotta be. That's, that's easy 'cause it is the way you say it is the way it pronounced and spell it. Got it. Gotta be. And don't tell me I'm wrong either. A-B-I-B-A-A-A bia A-B-I-B-L-I-O and n phobia. That is correct. A-A-B-I-B-L-I-O-P-H-O-B-I-A-A bli phobia. Okay. Even, even, even though that's the word I haven't used before. And obl phobia is a fear. Is a fear of what? Running outta reading material or books. Ah, that's, that's exactly what it was.


My teacher made me write 'cause I wouldn't read stuff and she made me write on what OBL oib phobia was. That's how that's, I knew the word. Now it's time for Dunk on Unc. Okay. Okay. Let, lemme go to the questions. Hold on, hold on, hold on. What did I, where was my, what was my record? I wasn't, I wasn't that bad. I wasn't that bad. Nah, you got Three or four? Yeah, you got three outta six. Okay. Okay, okay, okay, okay.


Okay. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. Here we go. We go. All right. And what year did the Giants win their first Super Bowl? And who was the MVP? What year did the Giants win their first Super Bowl? And who was the MVP? The correct answer was 1986. The Super Bowl MVP was Phil Sims. He still has to this day, the highest completion percentage in a Super Bowl. If I'm not mistaken. He was 22 or 25. Hold on. How do you know the answer? Huh? Were you briefed on this ahead of time? You, You asked me who, when, what year did Giants win their first Super Bowl?


I just told you they won in 86. They won in 90. They won in 2007. And they won in 2010. I gave you all four of 'em just, just for good measure. Okay. I I like that. I like that. I like that. Okay. You got the first one, right? Who holds the Giants single season record for most receptions? Who holds the Giants single season record for most receptions? Oh, I forgot about him. That's right. He was good. He was good. He was good Man. I want to say, Oh man, his first name sound like a, a high-end designer.


I, I, I it's one or two I think, I think. But I'm not sure. I'm gonna say, I don't know Victor Cruz Probably Hakeem Nicks. I don't know. Actually both of those answers that you just said were absolutely fucking wrong. The answer was Steve Smith, 107 receptions in 2009. He had, nah, I never got that. He had a hell of a season that year. I remember that. Yeah. Okay. That's one down. You, you got one wrong. What is the Smith with the USC? Huh? You went to USC? Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. Was the longest field goal made in Dallas Cowboys history. And who kicked it? The guy, a Audrey, 65 yards is one yard short of the record held by Tuck who kicked 66 yards in Detroit.


Wait, what, what was the name? You, you didn't say his name. Is it I trying, hold on. If you say his name wrong, you do understand that that answer doesn't count. Aubrey. Aubrey, you talking about Drake That shut up? He just ki he just kicked it the other day. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Plug your computer system up. And what's the kicker for the Dallas Cowboys name? And don't look at the chat. Chat. Don't y'all spell it? No.


A-U-D-R-A-U-D-R. You got the last name right, Aubrey? Yeah. That's all that matters. Okay. All right. We, we going with half a name? Okay. Okay. I told you how far it was. Okay. Okay. So you're not, you don't know his first name, so if you give, if you're giving me half of his name, then you get half of the answer correct? No, because on Jeopardy, if you give the last name, they'll let it slide. This ain't Jeopardy. Just Nightcap. You know, I'm, I'm gonna let you slide, I'm gonna let you slide.


Gimme a hit, gimme initial, gimme the first left. Give give, gimme the, the initial A B Brandon. There you go. So you got an asterisk by that Because You need the help. Okay. Who is an all time leading score for the New York Giants? All time, all time leading score for the New York Giants? Ooh, we, I don't know Frank Gifford Wrong.


The answer is Pete Glock and he has scored 646 points. I don't even know a position he played, but that's a lot of goddamn points. So I'm assuming he must have been a kick kicker. He had to be. Yep. All right. It looks like, I think he played for Kansas City also. He did. I think so. Well, it looks like I'm gonna win tonight 'cause you're probably going to get this last one wrong as well. Who has the most career interceptions for the Dallas Cowboys? Woo. We Yes sir. Yeah, plug that computer system up. But I know who won. I know who won the night. Everybody in the chat. Y'all might as well start celebrate, start celebrating and thank me one of the best fellas of all time, Only five seasons.


Y'all know it. Oh man. How many could he have possibly had? I'm gonna go, You looking down a little too long now I'm gonna say Charlie Waters. Who?


Charlie Waters? No, The an the correct answer is male Rero with 52 interceptions. No, I would never go get that The champ again. I get one more. That's only five. Hold on. It's only five questions on there. I Get one more. You got six. Oh, you hold on. That's all it was though. Well, I win. What? Nah, hold on. Hold on. Lemme check again. Hold on. Who's the all time leading rusher in Dallas? Cowboy history is who?


My, my answer is Hold, hold on, I got it. Oh, hold on. Here go a bonus. I got No, I got it, I got it. I got it. Got it. I got it. You ready? Yep. What year did the Seahawks win their first Super Bowl. And who was the MVP Seahawks won their first Super Bowl. Oh, 2013 Malcolm Smith was the MVP. Hell no. You cheated man.


Give a gimme. Lemme get long on. I'm long. See I doubted joke. I'm logged on ww com Listen long on Don't Joe, We tied, we tied up. We tied up. We tied up. And you only, you only won because of the bonus question. You asked six questions. I gave you six. Yeah, but I in one of those words that spelled right. So technically I got that. Do thater. That drer You could have gave me that too because I just, I just, I just messed up the L. So if you went to the Scripps, how I was spelling B, you spell the word wrong to about Well, I was close. You should gimme that one. I mean listen doc, All you would do is hear that All I did was mess up the E and the L.


Oh, okay. My bad, my bad. Ocho. It's All good. Alright, Ocho, now it's time for q and a. Kemp, no Wood. JR asked Unc, my question is, can the Yankees win the championship or would they be out in the second round? Man, look, they got some bats. I don't know if they got the, I don't, I mean they got bats. I don't know if they got the pitching. I, I just don't know if they got the picture. Man, what's the big ace name came from the Pirates?


What's his name? He just won to Si Young last year. What's his name? What's Cole? Garrett Cole. They got Cole, But the Yankees? Yes, the Yankees the cold. I don't know if they got, I don't know if they got enough pitch. No, Joe, to be honest, they got bats. Obviously. You know Soto, you got Judge, you got Giancarlo Stanton. I think Rizzo just got, he just broke a couple of fingers. He got hit on the hand. Ouch. I don't know, I, I, I'm, I don't think so. I don't think they can, I don't think their bats are gonna overcome that poor pitching.


They got Patterson Ya Nightcap. I'm back from Germany. My legs are cooked. I ran 2 43 53. Congrats, bro. I just wanted to say thankful. The support. Y'all my best. My legs gave out my three. My goal was sub two 40 onto the New York City Marathon. Bro, that's a great time. You booking it, bro. Congratulations. Get those legs, get that lactic acid outta there. Take a couple of days off, eat some pizza. You know, carve back up and let's see what you got. When is the New York City marathon? They already had, it's like coming up, isn't it? Isn't like October, November?


Yeah. Yeah. So Patterson, congrats bro. Get two 40. That's the goal. John Jonie fan. I've been a fan of the Sharp Brothers since you played, since your brother played at Green Bay. But I'd appreciate if you two, if you two can see our pers perspective in Cleveland Browns perspective on Art Mod Oz is a hero. Yeah, I do. I mean, I think Art should be in the Hall of Fame. He was the one that, the TV that, that was at the front of the TV deals they got that they got the NFL on television. The first Monday night game. Yes. Yes. R Mode should be in the Hall of Fame.


There are, there are owners that are less accomplished that are in the Hall of Fame that didn't have the clout. Didn't have, I get it. I mean, the way the NFL treated him name another team that moved and they had to leave the colors and the records. The Oilers left. They didn't leave no colors and records. Oh. So that's how many times have the Raiders, how many times have the Raiders moved? How many times have the Rams moved? So That's why ain't nobody left in with no colors. The coach left Baltimore like a thief in the night in 84. And they didn't leave no colors in Baltimore. It's the b it's the, it's the Indianapolis coach.


Only the Cleveland Browns ain't in. No, no. And he should be. Damn. They've done, they've done him wrong Ocho they've done him wrong because he couldn't survive there. Right. He left for the very reason all the other owners leave because of monetary situation. He got a better situation in Baltimore. So he left. They wouldn't fix up. They wouldn't fix up Municipal Stadium. I think that's what it was called. But guess what they did three years later build a brand new stadium where they play now. Right.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's what I love about Chumba Casino. They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire. You can claim free daily login bonuses too. And they release new games every week. So spice things up with chumba casino.com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, you Feel good enough to go out there and play You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out bows.com.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I'll never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day. Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champion's League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man City, all Madrid, Barcelona. Enter an AC Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, Juventus by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament. It's champions, playing Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and win because nobody watches UA. For Champions League like us. Stream every UA for Champions League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video this Thursday. It's an NFC South Battle. As the Tampa Bay Buccaneers face, the revamped Atlanta Falcons join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Street and Kaylee Hartung for this crucial divisional matchup. You know what's crazy about the Bucks is most people, when Brady retired wrote 'em off. I know I was guilty, but Todd Bowles has proven pretty good. Head Coach Jason Light, one of the best GMs in the NFL. And let's face it, the bucks are just good. The Falcons not so sure. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Atlanta. Not a Prime member, not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Bucks and Falcons at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


State Farm DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and and you of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices. We might've, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


So you wouldn't pick that up, but you go build a brand new state, brand new One. And they made the man leave the colors and the records. Damn. PV Farm said long trip. What three things are you getting big, big shout out to y'all. Long road trip. I ain't taking a road trip bro. I ain't gonna even lie to you. I ain't gonna lie. I, I can't remember the last row I drove to San Diego one time. That was two and a half hours with I said I never, I I haven't and that was seven years ago.


I haven't driven, I haven't ridden in a car longer than an hour. And that's from downtown when the traffic was bad in El, in, in, in la. I ain't dr I I ain't going on a long, long road man. Please Listen. I ain't never been on a road trips till I met. You know who and that road trip for me is Miami to Tampa. Tampa. How far is that Tampa? Shit. Two hours and 40 minutes. And if I'm on a road trip, all I need, I stop. I gimme me coffee, Starbucks or I get my little capto right. And I put it in the mug where it stay hot. You know what I'm talking about. Yeah. Get, get my cigars and I need Frank Sinatra plan.


Frank Sinatra Essentials. That's all I need. And I'm good. I'm good. Well long road trip. Hopefully they have two meals on the plane. What you talking Have plenty of snacks. But I ain't taking no road. I ain't gonna lie to you bro. I ain't, I ain't taking a road trip. I ain't driving that far. I don't even think is is is two hours and 30 minutes considered a road trip? Hell yeah. Okay. Anything for me? Over 30 minutes is a road trip. Yeah. I hate driving. I I never, never did it before until then. Yeah. I mean I used to drive bro. I used, when I was in Atlanta, I would drive, I would drive to my grandmother's house, which was about three hours away.


I said f that I started flying into Savannah, which was 37 minute flight and I drive, then I would drive to Glenville, which is 45 minutes. Right. Can't do it. Cannot do it. Pokey said what's up? HBCU Love. I played football at North Carolina Central University recently I started driving trucks. Now my homies back home are asking for money all of a sudden. I feel like they trying to take advantage of me because I don't have kids. What do you think? Yeah, I mean, you drive trucks. You don't own a trucking company do you? Big difference if you drive the trucking company. If you own the trucking company, that be be one thing. Oh hell no. Hey, tell hey tell them go get their CDLs.


They can drive trucks with you. You know, and then they'll have money. Hey you, you know them truckers make good money now. Yeah, I mean what they make, what they make? 20, 25, 30 an hour. I don't, I don't know. I don't know the numbers here, but they make good money. I know that. Lemme See. Lemme see. It all depends on what you hauling. Oh look, lemme see. Oh man. They could make anywhere between 49,200 20,000 a year.


Yeah. Because of UPS pay. They, they drive like 150 K. What? Yeah ups. Dang So. Nah bro. Oh they said 16 to $41 a hour. So I was right somewhere in that. I was That's good. That's good money boy. $41 an hour. Yeah. Nationwide. I means it's like, yes you can get somewhere between 26, between 16 and 41, but the average is about $27 an hour drive. Like 10 hours a day. That's two 70 times five, six days a week.


That not a little chunk of change ocho. Yeah, it's One thing about them numbers. Boy they add up bro. Yeah. And then you all, oh he say unc say we picking up loads for four to 8,000. So they gon they going to clear, they gonna clear what? Somewhere between 125 to two 50 a year. Easy. That good money? Easy. That's great money Now. Hey bro, don't you let, hey don't you break bread with 'em, don't you let, don't you let your friends try to swear you out your bread, bro.


Yeah, Yeah. We have a winner. David Hollingsworth. You are the winner of the signed OCHO card. Ocho. You mind if I ship David your Funko Man, listen, you ship Dave. My my Funko. I'm gonna whoop Dave ass. I know that. Hey Dave, if you get my phone call, ship it to me. I'm gonna pay you for it.


I did Jack. What y'all doing Jack? I was trying. I can't, I can't talk loud Jack. 'cause I'm in a hotel and they always call security on me for being too loud. Y'all good Jack? Hey, I love y'all. And the sign with Ocho card. Hey Dave, Dave Hollingsworth, you are the winner of the signed card Jumping Ash chat. It's like, what else? Ocho don't wanna park with his fun Co but I might put it in a box anyway.


Ocho, you don't want this fun Co Hey Dave, Dave Hollinsworth. I know people that work at the CIAI will find out where you are, where you live, what you do. And I'm coming to get that Funko. Marva Samuel says, good evening. Good evening, uncle Ocho. Can you say, happy 15th birthday to my nephew Troy, please. His birthday is on the second. He's an awesome young man who does very well in school. Thank you guys. Troy. Troy, your Aunt Marva wanted to wish you a very happy birthday. She says you are a very special and doing very well in school. Very special young man, and you're doing very well in school and that she's very proud of you.


And to show you how proud she is, she reached out, asked Ocho and I to wish you a very happy 15th birthday. Happy 15th, Troy. Happy 15th birthday bro. Troy and many, many more to come. Now don't let, don't let your aunt down. Patrick Arthur said, what's up UNC and Ocho? I'm back. Unc, we got Buffalo B. Well we got the Bisons amazing steaks. Ocho, I'm back Unc for you. We got Buffalo Bisons amazing steak. Downtown River Street downtown River Restaurants. Ocho. We got six McDonald's and I'm from Albany, Georgia. So help me out. Put Georgia on the map, man. Man, ain't nobody going way down to Albany, Southwest Georgia.


Dont you Ain't never been to Albany. Albany, Albany, Georgia. Yeah. Nah, I ain't been out there. Well, I have it ain't It? Ain't nothing out there. No, No. Dan Boying. Hey, it is my friend Jack 32nd birthday today. And I love it if you could shout him out. Jack B Dials. It's his 32nd birthday. Your boy Dan Boeing said, you know what? He wanna wish you a happy 32nd birthday.


So you, his boy and he appreciate your friendship. And so to show you that he appreciates his friendship, he reached out and says, you know what, can you rich, can you wish my boy Jack a very happy 32nd birthday? So Jack, happy 32nd birthday. Enjoy. Hopefully you had a great one, but many, many more to come. Happy birthday Jack Curvy Asian doll. My mom passed away last September and most days it still feels seen. It still feels unreal. Thank you uncle and Ocho, for all the positive vibes, smiles from your show. Stay kind, curvy. We're so sorry to hear that.


Yeah, you'll never forget her. But as time passes, you get to deal with it better. And that's the only, that's the only saving grace that you have is the memories. Just think about the great times that you shared together all the, the, the, the information and wisdom that she partake, that she passed along to you instilled in you the values, the morals that you have. So I'm, you know, you're never not, you're never not going to think about her. But as time you find it easier to deal with, you never be, you never forget her. But you find a better ways of coping and and dealing with it. So Ocho and I always got you in our prayers. Oh yeah.


Okay. Rude boy. Two 17. Do you think the Eagle Seasons will wash already? Ocho please check your message request. Rude boy. Two 17, do I think Nah, they still, but it's tough because Yeah, Devonte, we don't know if Devonte's gonna be out another week. We don't know when AJ's coming back and it seems like every game, Jalen turns the ball over. Yeah, you remember that season Ocho, they went to the Super Bowl, how good he was with the football. I think he had like five, he might have had like seven total turnovers that season. Yep. And then he's kind of turned into a turnover machine. He's gonna fumble or throw an interception damn near every game.


And when you are not strong on the other side of the ball, you can't give it away. And it seems like people just like talking crazy about the, the Eagles and they bowed their back against New Orleans right now. Lane Johnson being out, AJ being out, Devonte being out, obviously It, it don't make it no easier. Right. You talking about an all pro right? Tackle. You're talking about a a, a pro bowler and an all pro talent, and AJ Brown, Devonte Smith. But they're gonna have to do a better job of protecting the football. And they're gonna have to, they're gonna have to come look, they're gonna have to come ready to play every week because some weeks they up here and then some weeks they down there Ojo.


Yeah. And They gotta find, listen, they gotta find that level of consistency, that balance, where they even kill every game. You not too high, you not too low, but you playing consistent football week in and week out. But that, that, that's hard though, man. It's Know how it's, it's hard. It's, it's, but I think the thing is Ocho that brother standards a standard. Yeah. The pressures there. You great player. We you can't let the other players, Hey ball hit the, hit the ground twice. Oh no, we gotta start over.


Oh, that is what we do here. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, two mistakes. Oh yes. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know what y'all think y'all got going on, but that ain't gonna fly here, bro. No. Oh no. Like, I mean, sometimes Ocho I do wish I was in my thirties because I be looking, I'd be seeing them things in the, you know what I'm saying, Ocho you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I wish I was, but I could, ocho not, not with the way I'm wired. I'm just wired differently. Right. It'd be tough for me. Ocho it'd be tough for me in day in the, in the day's game. Yeah. It's different. It's Different. It is different. You gotta look.


Every, every coach I've talked to, yeah. Every, even, you know, you know Burns coaches at TTSU, I'm really looking forward to go down there. I'm gonna have dinner with him. But Ocho it is, it's different. Every coach that I've talked to Yeah. Says it's different. Shannon. Yeah. Every, every coach that have that coached me and coaches now say, Shannon, you couldn't play. Yeah. I mean, not one coach that said Shannon. Oh, you'd be good in the, they say, Shannon, you couldn't play Play. You got, you gotta adapt. You gotta evolve now. You gotta evolve at the time. Just like te I wanna win. They trying to win.


Yeah, I'll adapt. But we try to win. Yeah, but they ain't trying to win Ocho. I mean, that's the goal at the end of the day anyway. Nah, I ain't no, it, it's the, it should be the goal. But you know something, look, I wanted to make money too, Ocho, but I felt if I win money was gonna come along with it. Mm. Man, lose it. I, I don't, I don't. Look, I've lost losing. Ain't no fun coming to work. It's a drag. It is a drag. It is a drag coming to work. I've lost a number of games in a row. I think we lost I think 90. We only won like five games. Right. So we probably lost like seven, eight in a row.


That ain't no fun. That ain't no fun. All that laughing. I ain't wanna hear no laughing. We, we lose a game and guys at the back of the bus laughing at the back of play. What, what, what? The is funny. We lost. Y'all think that's funny? Nah, I'm good. I'm good while man, don't y I'ma stay right over. I'ma stay right over here with you. I right. I I I I'ma get on your nerves, so. Nah, I'm, I'm good. Good. I'm good. I'm good. Matter of fact, speaking of when I just thought about man, What? I don't know you, I don't know your, I don't know your status. I don't know your status, but you know, I got, I got a a, a sister.


I got, I got a sister. God, Ray hooked it up. Yeah. Now let, stay with me now. God. Film woman, good woman. You know I am on the west coast too. You know, I, I ain't trying to intrude on, on your, on your personal business. I don't know what you got going on, but I know you ain't got no ring on your finger. So that means you was available. I don't want nobody, I don't want nobody. If you're a God No. I know. I said a God woman. I I know Right. What, what you want. She, God, I want her to throw caution to the wind. She don't feel nothing. That what I'm looking for, that what I'm looking for.


I want be scared. Listen to me. See, see what's up. She looking for somebody. She's looking for somebody with some substance. Now. Now you got substance, huh? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, stay with me. Now you got substance. Not only do you have substance, you got things going on in life. Not just get things you got, you got like things like, like, and you got structure, you got discipline, huh. And you know, you, you, huh? You one that walk in, you walk in faith. Yeah. So I think you'll be the perfect candidate. What you think? Don't, don't, don't, don't say no till you see her. Now you, you, you, you be miss nasty, miss out your blessing. Now you know how God work. He turned water. Yeah.


Yeah. He work in mysterious ways. Yes, he does. That's why he like, you know what he put Houston on? He put Houston on the tour. I ain't think I would even think about No Houston actually, I almost moved to Houston. Okay. Okay. Okay. Alright. Go ahead man. Go ahead. But you stupid. We all, we all off topic. Oh, PV Farm said, if you could know the absolute truth to one question, what would you ask The absolute truth to one question, man.


That's, that's a good one. Oh, that's a good one. I can know the absolute truth to one question About, I don't wanna know nothing about me. I don't wanna know what was said. Damn. I can do the absolute truth. That's a great question too. Damn. That's a good one. I, I, I don't know.


I don't know. I don't think I wanna know anything. That's a good question. I don't wanna know Ojo, because you don't, if I know the truth, I'm gonna get mad than I already do. 'cause I think I know the truth. And if it's the absolute truth, I'm gonna be even madder Matter. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I I feel you. I feel you. Let me ask you a question. Yes. When you dated before Yeah. And the people you've dated throughout your, have you ever had uncomfortable conversations? Have you asked uncomfortable questions? Yeah. But if you ask uncomfortable questions, you'll get the truth. So you already know what you're dealing with. Yeah. I mean, you ask the questions, you might look, I think look, it, it all depends.


If a person really likes you, they ain't gonna tell you the truth. Ocho Ah, see that's the problem. A person that really likes you, they don't really, they they, they don't. That's the seat. They don't really like you. That's not reality of life, Man. Ain't no nobody tell you should done got jumped off. So you wanna live in the lie. Why? Why you wanna live in the lie? What? I don't, what I don't know won't hurt me. And. if you do know it, it won't hurt you either, if you like or like Gonna be it gonna break my heart. No it ain't, Man. No, it ain't. Why?


It's, it's so listen, it's okay to live in reality. Hmm. We love, listen, we love the idea. Love we, we love the idea of love. Not the reality of what it is we envision those we love and this wonderful perfection of never, never have ever done anything. All I'm saying is Ocho, I'm looking for a car with low mileage. I ain't say no mileage. I'm so, I'm looking for, I'm looking for a a a a 30-year-old model. Right? 30, between 30 and 40. Right. With, with, with, with some miles. I understand it got some miles, right. But I don't want to have like 12 cents a time put on it doesn't have three rebuilt engine.


You know what I'm saying? I want something with some low miles on you. Can I get something? Can I get something between the age of 30 and 40 with 30,000 miles on it? That's a good secondhand car. Yeah. You, that's what they call it. The south they call it secondhand. Secondhand. Yeah. Secondhand second. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody else done had it. Okay. You understand that? But you know, I don't want a rental because you know people I drive. I used to drive. I already know what I did to the rentals. I'm slam on brakes and everything. Listen, I I'm with you when you're right.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. People always say it's good to unwind, but that's easier said than done. The exception Chumba Casino, they actually make it easier done than said or at least the same. Chumba Casino is an online social casino with hundreds of casino style games, like slots and blackjack. Play for fun, play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Sign up now. Collect your free welcome bonus@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe With these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be Involved to have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more, check out bows.com.


Listen, I've always loved soccer since I was a little kid. I'll never forget in the eighties, my grandfather watching. That's where my love and passion for the game came from. I think my love for it, even still to this day, is because I was never able to play or play at the highest level. But that love and passion for soccer has always been there and it's still there to this day.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with the whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game. Listen, we're talking Man. City Madrid, Barcelona. Enter in ac Milan, Liverpool Arsenal, NTUs by Munich, PSG, and so much more. All in one ultimate tournament is champions, playing Champions. And here in the States it all takes place in the middle of the day, in the middle of the week. So now you have a reason to look forward to Tuesdays and Wednesday because nobody watches UA. For Champions League like us Stream every UA for Champion League match. Live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime video this Thursday it's an NFC South Battle. As the Tampa Bay Buccaneers faced, the revamped Atlanta Falcons join Al Michaels, Kirk Herbst Street and Kaylee Hartung for this crucial divisional matchup. You know what's crazy about the Bucks is most people, when Brady retired wrote 'em off. I know I was guilty, but Todd Bowles is proven pretty good. Head coach Jason Light, one of the best GMs in the NFL. And let's face it, the bucks are just good. The Falcons not so sure. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight live from Atlanta. Not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you can cancel at any time. It's the Bucks and Falcons at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football and it's on prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle These situations in stride and, and you of course be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down. Right. And also as I did with repairing my credit, you know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, you know, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then, you know, get my first apartment, get you know, my first car under my name, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible for all of us. We just have to educate ourselves and put in some of the hard work that it takes to unlearn bad practices. We might have, you know, inherited from our family. And then also educate ourselves on the things that we don't know. You know, the information that wasn't passed down to us because our, our parents weren't educated on these things. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast network.


I want a good old secondhand car that a family had it, you know, they, they, they, they done passed it down. They kept all, They took care of it. The books? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They done got all the oil changes, all the services on them, right. Yeah. They got all that. Got all It's documented. Yeah. That's all I'm looking for. Listen, I got something for you now. I got something for you now. Just, just, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna talk to you about that later. But I got you right there. What you're looking for. Matter of fact. Yeah. Somebody be coming here talking about, oh yeah baby, you got five, you got 500,000 miles on it. Dad, What's wrong with 500,000 miles? 500? You ever listen, a Honda Accord could last your lifetime, But, but, but the rear outta line.


Come on man. Nah man. Nah, o I'm sorry man. Nah, nah, I'm good. Like you say, hey, I don't mind. I don't mind a few miles, but damn. Oh shit. Hell no, boy. You said the red not line. Yeah man. Yeah. Hey, hey you. Hey. You know like they got a Carfax? Yeah. I need one for, hey. Okay. How much work she done had done because you know they done wreck the car. Hey, hey, the Carfax will tell you this car's been, the front end got wrecked, the rear end side collision.


It's going to tell you Ocho how much work the thing been done. So I need one of those four woman. But unless you gotta understand, you can't really be worried about a woman's past. Right. Like when you, when you, when you, when you eat food, you want your food well seasoned. You want your, you want your meat, you want your steak cooked. You don't want it, you don't want it real. No, but here's thing. But you want it, you want it. Well I get that, that that pink, that seas salt. I do one turn. Okay. That's, that's all the salt I put on it, right? Then I take the little black pepper. That's it. Yeah. I ain't put nothing else. I ain't got no paprika. I ain't dousing it in pepper. I ain't dousing it in salt. Right. I don't like a whole lot of seasoning. I wanna taste my food. 'cause see you put all that seasoning on it. You tried to hide something.


Okay. Hey, alright listen. You know what you, you gonna fall in love with a free spirit. Huh? That what I'm gonna fall in love with. You gonna fall in love with a free spirit that got 500,000 miles on it. Oh. Oh yo, Jesus, I'm, I'm just telling you this, this is exactly how it happened. It's the things that you don't want, that you fall in love with because it's, it's an experience that you've never had before. I'm just telling you that's how it work. Ocho, if I do, I'm gonna go on out there to the Amazon, stick my head in this box. Hey, I'm gonna come, come on.


I got That's, I'm sorry Ojo, I'm telling you that didn't Come on Ocho don't do your boy like that. We, we all have preferences. We all have things we want. We do. Yeah. And most of the time what happens is the person we end up falling in love with doesn't meet any of the goddamn details and the things we actually want 98% of the time every time. So you talking all that good talk, you gonna fall in love with the complete opposite because boy, they gonna have you on top of the ceiling fan. Yeah, but see that's what I'm talking about now. Anywhere anyhow.


Anytime. Yeah, Whenever, wherever. However, Yeah. Telling you before, before you know it, you ain't gonna know what happened. Okay? I ain't tell you. I ain't tell you what I heard. I'm telling you what I know. So it's unrealistic. Gets up with 30,000 miles. Shoot. What at? Wow. You said they got 30,000 miles on em at 21, huh? Well listen, it's different now. Boy. You hear me? It Is Ocho it is, It's different. Hey, Jacob has said could, will you, could you please wish my little brother Max has it a happy 28th birthday Max.


Big bro says happy birthday. He wanted you to enjoy this day. Hopefully you enjoyed this day with family, friends, and loved ones. Happy 28th birthday, many, many more to come and hope you had something really, really nice to eat. Eric Hill says, Hey my, my name is Eric Uncle Ocho, can you give my son Darius, congratulations for proposing to his girlfriend now fiance. Hey Darius, you know what? Congrats pops, pops one to wish you a congratulations. He say you got, you got engaged, you girlfriend, congratulations. She's now your fiance. Hopefully in the next couple of months it's gonna be your wife. So congratulations man. Big accomplishment. Your dad's proud of you. We're happy at Nightcap Ocho and I we're happy for you also.


So Send me an invite to the wedding. I'm a performer. I'm also a chef. I can cater whatever you need. Let me know. Holler at me. I got a tuxedo company too. And, and, and my people, they make, they make bridal dresses. We could take care of the to, to the bridesmaid. We can take care of the groom. We'll take care of the bride. Holler at me one stop shop. I do everything. And I get the picture for What? So now you, now you want be, now you wanna do a bridesmaid, now you wanna be the bridesmaid dresser. You wanna do the grooms Tux? I do. Listen, You wanna do the catering, you wanna do the music? The dj. I'm, I'm hustle man. Man, I do everything One stop shop.


Just like in Martin Hustle, man, I whatever you need. I mean, oh, I mean I, I didn't want a tender. I want a steak tender. That's all I want. I want, you know what I'm saying? You know, you ever had one of 'em? Steak Fame, now you get a little medium. Not, I don't like a little medium. I like it medium. And you know, with a bite just melt like butter. I don't know if you ever had that wagu, you had that a five that wagu No. I, I, I get, I get, I get my steak from Waffle House. Man. Hey, hey. How, how did I Mean if even if they got a kid or two, I understand. 'cause sometimes you women can work it.


They can have a kid or two and it still snap back. Yeah. Now you know who highlight the fair. It just get it, just get better every year. You know what I'm saying? You can get fair come one year Ocho, they gonna have a different ride next year. It should get better every year. Yeah, That's all I'm looking for. Okay. She she out, she out there. I know she out there. I know she out There. She out there Man. See Ocho. Oh Man Ocho, you just stop. Dr. Frankie l Bellamy said love the T-shirt. Is it just me or are the Simpson psychic? I swear they'd be spot on sometimes with these celebrity predictions always life, et cetera.


They do do always because they in Hollywood they hear things. It's kind of like if you around the NFL you hear things, they know what's coming. Yeah, but I ain't around but I don't go nowhere. So I don't know what be going on. Billy Skywalker said it is my friend's August Andrew's birthday, he's a big fan. Can y'all shout him out? Tell him happy birthday. Excuse me. August. Happy birthday bro. One of your friends Billy Skywalker says, Hey, one to wish you a happy birthday. Say you are a good guy. I trust him. And he say, you support Nightcap. So we trust you even more. We like you even more. So we thank you guys for your supports.


Derek Gil says, what's up? What's up Uncle Don Cho today it is my 36th birthday. I've been trying to order a bottle your a cognac, but it isn't available here in Memphis. Wondering if you could direct me, guess what? We just got distribution in Tennessee. Actually, I'm going to be in Nashville next Wednesday. No, next Thursday. We cite the bottle signings though, right that morning I'm gonna be in n actually I'm gonna be in Nashville at a bottle, two bottle signings next Thursday. So we have distribution, so it's gonna be in Memphis, Derrick. So just appreciate that bro. You ain't gonna have to get it shipped directly. You gonna be able to go into the, go into a a, a packing shop, go grab you, go grab it right off the shelf.


So I appreciate that support, bro. And that concludes our episode of Nightcap from Monday night. Thank you for joining us. Watch the Titans take apart the Miami Dolphins on the road. 31 to 12, the Dolphins didn't look good. We watched the Lions at home win 42 29 over the Seattle Seahawks. Lions looked good. Defense needs to pick it up. They gave up over 500 yards, but they got stops when they needed to get stopped. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite author, Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite number, 85 Liberty Cities own the bingo ring of Fame honoree, the legendary pro bowler all pro.


That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can just call him Mocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. And do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember every subscriber counts. And, we thank you for counting. We thank you for mattering 1.5 million subs. We have a lot more people that watch our product, that listen to our pro product through Audio And. we greatly appreciate that you have conversation. All the people that I meet out in the gym and in the airports. Thank you. We love Nightcap man. Tell Ocho I say what's up. And guys, it means a lot to us because without you, there is no US Nightcap does not enjoy the level of success that we've enjoyed And.


we will continue to enjoy thanks to people like yourself. So thank you again very much. Make sure you go check out Shay by La Porter. It's like I said, we're about to be in 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're not in a state currently or city near you, you can go to our site and have it shipped directly to your door. So thank you for your support. Thank you for helping Uha by La Porter become one of the biggest sellers in the spirits industry and growing in the cognac space. Make sure you go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84, the T-shirt OCHO has on made by the clothing company is spelled 84.


And UNC and OCHO tees are back in stock. I repeat the UNC and OCHO ts are back in stock. And, if you ordered merch within the last three weeks, it has begun shipping. So thank you again for your support. And, we thank you for your patience. Thank you for joining us again for Nightcap. I'm UNC Heath Ocho and we'll see you on Thursday. The Volume Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club club's, soccer returns with a whole new format.


And this year the Champions League has giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion league match, live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today. What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here? Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's A whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also you can hear everything around you. You can be involved To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me.


Putting that music into my ears, You feel good enough to go out there and play, You turn on that switch, no one can stop you For more. Check out bs.com. It is Rain Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's what I love about Chumba Casino. They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire. You can claim free daily login bonuses too. And they release new games every week. So spice things up with chumba casino.com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with a different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime and sight. That's the power of Mrs. Meyers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Meyer's collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs myers.com now.