
These days, it feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of home ownership has become outta reach. Well, rocket is trying to give more people a chance to own their homes. They're making home ownership simpler and more accessible to more people. Turning renters into owners Rocket believes that everyone deserves a shot at the American Dream. So are you ready? Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 2024 Nielsen Report,


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Paige five. Dirk four Paige is elite. Okay, you won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's So tough. That's why we have these conversations. That's why we absolutely. I Love it. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Isha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prod bench you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New draft King customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draftking Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Travis Hunter says him playing both sides of the football is more difficult than show hail tani hitting and pitching in baseball. Let's take a listen to what Trav had to say. Ocho, Are you one of what? What's more difficult? You do what? Probably me, what I do in football because it's a lot on your body. You know Tony, he's a great player but you gotta do a lot of in football Ain't in close. Hey listen completely different sides of the spectrum. Boy. Hey Trav, I know you gonna see this, but until you can get in that cage, you hear me? Just the batting cage. I don't even want no real pitch. Just the machine. Tell him to turn it up to 90 to 95 miles per, let me see you hit it.


Just a fast ball. I ain't talking about no slider. I ain't talking about no curve. I ain't talking about no sinker. I ain't Talking about no change up. He ain't talking about no club fastball. Just straight heat. The Most, the most difficult thing to do in this world is hit a baseball coming at you. Just a fastball. That's it. Just a fastball. As difficult as the game of football is and I love you, you are an exceptional talent. Yes, But it's not even comparable. But if you think about it, we can only, only, Not even Comparable Ocho Man, We can only track two players in in major league history do actually no to play baseball pitch and hit.


We're talking about Babe Ruth and we talking about show Hail Tani. Yes sir. Troy Brown. We saw Troy, we saw Troy Brown do that with the Patriots play offensive defense. Yeah. Played Brian Jordan did it time did it. Do you see the level sohail? Tony is the best player in baseball That's different. He could be a Number one starter on your, for your pitching staff and A slugger. He The best. He the best hit in baseball. He can hit for average, hit for power. He can run run the base tra I love you bro. But the hardest thing to do and I've talked to a lot of guys that did Bo I I talked to Bo.


Yeah, Bo say the hardest thing to do hit the baseball. Yeah, I talked to time now if we talking about two of the greatest athletes who have ever played you name a sport Bo and time are the two are two of the top five. Okay. If you want Jim Thorpe or whomever else you wanna put into this equation. But I tell you this Bo Jackson and Time are two are the top five athletes that we've ever seen. Yeah. And both of those guys told me say hitting the baseball is the hardest thing to do. Very difficult, very difficult. Very, very Difficult. And to, and to do it at that level now we gonna have to, we gonna see you Trav come in now Ocho. Yeah. We seen show O Tony at the highest level, do it and be an an all star and be an MVP.


Nowt Trav. You gonna have to get one of 'em all stars. You gonna have to get to the Pro Bowl now. Yeah. To match this. There's a chance he could do it there. A chance he could do it is rookie year. Especially, especially for the last, listen, the last rookie, the last As a DB or a wide receiver. He last wide receiver I came, I heard come out with this kind of confidence and say some of the things he's saying and live up to everything he's saying with Jamar Chase. You know, it wasn't out outlandish or something like this. No, but Im just saying confidence. The confidence that Travis Hunter has with hell. Jamar Chase said, I'm coming into the league, I've got drafted by the Bengals and I'm coming there and I'm bringing every record, every record.


He ain't lying and he ain't lying. He stood on business about everything he said it meant it. And Travis Hunter had that same type of cache and same type of confidence. That's why I believe there's a chance he can do it. He can do it. But now I'm Not saying, I'm not saying he can't, I'm not saying that he can, he can't, he can't do both. He's not gonna do the, he's not gonna put the number of plays in that he did in college. That's difficult. That's difficult. And he, he'd have to have the condition of a, of a a 15,000. I'm trying to think what's the, what's the longest, longest distance race at the Olympics and the, the kind of They're A marathon. Yeah. The kind of win and long capacity you need to do something like that at, at that stream extreme level.


It that's that's too much, huh? Yeah. I'm just thinking about exerting that kind of energy messing around with, with with with with, with Ike Taylor and, and reading just and then being tired. I'm thinking about a 1213 play drive. Yeah. And now we, we kick a field goal. Now we come back. Now I'm on defense, man. Man, stop. Different. And he's gonna find out there are guys that are closer to his skillset than he previously fought. That's the thing about the NFL ocho. You find guys that, hold on man. I used to be able to do this.


I get but wait a minute. Damn. Yeah. Walker still Here. Yep. And at, at that point, the only only thing that separates you is your technique. Yeah. Only thing separate. It's Gonna be, it's gonna be interesting to see because You know, even no matter who you think is not a, a really good receiver, Right. They were probably better than the receiver that he went against. That's the thing about that people don't realize like how good the guy you say that's a bum or you don't think he's good. People don't realize how good they actually are, Joe. Alright. Yeah.


Yeah. Look who they playing against. They play against guys that make 'em look like that. Right. It's just like those guys that you see. Oh, that guy on the bench, you don't never get in the game. Okay? Go down to the Y and play 1 0 1 and watch what he do to you. Go to Lifetime and watch what he do to you. Put you in a blender, put you in a, put you in a blender. People Don't realize like pros, like guys that that they get paid to do this man, please, You underestimate them jokers, man. You don't, you can't do that just because, because the the level, I mean you look at him, LeBron and a guy might be the 13th or 14th guy.


You're like, but that guy. Yeah. And this is what I was telling somebody. The guy that you think is the 13th or the 14th guy on the bench, that guy is closer to LeBron than you are to the 13th or the 14th guy on the bench. Think about that. What I just said. Ocho, the 13th or 14th guy on the bench is closer to LeBron than what the guy said that home talking ish is to the 13th, 14th guy on the bench. I got I I I got you. I got you. Simply because the guy, the fact that he's on the bench, I mean we, we we'll leave it at that. He's actually on The bench you think? Oh, because he on the bench. Okay. Oh, okay.


And just that let You know. But I see, look, I said this, I thought DB because I think he's more sound as a DB than he is as a wide receiver. I think it, I think he, he out athletic his athleticism. It gets him by a lot of stuff. Now, not to say that he can't fine, fine tune and get some nuances of the receiver, but I think right now you can just drop him in right now OCHO at DB and he understands having been coached by time, I think he has a great, his timing, his ball skills are really, really good. And for him to be like long-legged Yeah, he can transition really well.


He can get in in and on breaks really well. Yep. He tracks the ball exceptional. Great hands ball, You know, he got great hands OCHO because he's a wide receiver so You know, he got great hands and for him it's just not good enough for him to knock the ball down. He's trying to take the ball away And take it and go the other way with it at that, take the other way. Chance. So The big news of the weekend, OCHO 49 ERs have dealt Deebo Samuels to the commanders in exchange for a fifth round pick as a part of the trade. Washington has taken on the remainder of Samuel's contract paying his full 17.55 million salary in 2025 due to due.


The commanders not have the most dangerous offensive core they have Jayden Danes at quarterback, who was offensive rookie the year Brian Robinson Jr. Running back Terry, Gary, Terry McCluen, they have Deebo Samuels and Zach ert. They also have Di Daniel Brown. Brown Brown, Naomi Brown. Yeah, I listen, they, they've, they've improved. They've improved tremendously. I mean, hell, they they win the NFC championship, huh? Yeah. They win the N FFC championship last year and then you bring a dynamic playmaker like Deebo Samuel over to your offense again. And what does it do for your quarterback? It takes pressure off your quarterback. Again, even more pressure. I don't have to do more. What do you mean?


We got Debo Samuel, You know how many things he can do? He's a little Swiss Army knife. He can play a psych and go outside. You can put him in motion, you can put him in the backfield. You can do so much with him. You know, so it, it, it, as long as the creativity is there, I'm not sure who the officer coordinator is. Look, Kingsbury. Oh, it's Cliff. Oh man. Oh man. They straight, they they, they straight. Listen, CL Berry ain't no different than McVay. McVay CL Barry ain't no different than Andy Reed. I'm just saying from a creative standpoint and knowing what to do and using your players to their strengths. So they they gonna be fine. Oh, they definitely gonna be fine. I mean, but what the 49 ERs gonna do now they talking about letting trading Brandon naive too.


17.5, 17 million. So they traded a fifth round for him and the Cowboys traded a fourth round of Flamingo. Hmm. Oh my bad. What'd you thinking? Ocho Jerry Jones? No, they do not have ocho Do the commanders have the most dangerous No. Dang no, no, no, no, no, no, No, no. Did SA Quad retire? No. They still Got aj.


They they still got Devonte and they still got Godard. Nah. Yeah, they don't have the most danger to put a, they they improved tremendously. I'll tell you that for sure. Yeah. They improved tremendously a lot. Now that are We sure? Are they, are they better than Detroit? Ooh, that's a good one. With Almond Raw. Wait, Hold on. With Jameson Williams or Ross? Saint Brown and Le, I don't Know. And Gibbs and Montgomery. Yeah, Montgomery. Are we sure? No, no, No, no. That's crazy. You throw Minnesota in there. Addison, Jetta Jones, Hawkinson, Minnesota.


Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Green Bay, Wix, Reed Dobbs Watson, Ocho. Check this out. John Jacobs, Deebo Samuel Terry McClure. Marshawn Latimore has a $61 million cap hit. Jaylen Hertz, AJ Brown, Devonte Smith, Sequan Barkley, Dallas Garter has a $66 million cap hit How we teed off, Howie works with Magic. Hey listen, You know who need to work some magic Who? America's team That ain't got nothing to work and they about to, they say the reports are they about to franchise a Diggy zoa.


So that's gonna be 25 million hard cap. You can't spread it. Dak is about to be what, 90 million against the Cap cd. You probably, You haven't even signed, you haven't even signed Micah. Right? I think. But they give them a little breathing room. You know, they, they'll, they'll restructure deck. They give 'em a, a lump sum on the front end and the signing a bonus, the freedom, freedom up, You know, some of that cap and that's, they, that's their fault. They they want to wait till the last minute to do that. They do, they did that. That's what they always do. That's why you wait till the last minute. Now you got a franchise of Dick Tua. Now if you don't sign him, guess what?


He gone. Yeah, But you mess your cap up. You gotta, you gotta have some foresight in order to see like, You know what this guy's a player for. I know a go to him, sign him a little early and then a year from now you're like, damn, they got in for that. Yeah.


This is Ashley Ginetti from the Ben and Ashley. I almost same as podcast. It feels like everyone is talking about GLP ones These days. Those are Ozempic and Glide. And with Future Health you can find out if they're right for you too. Maybe you feel like you've been struggling with your weight for years and no matter how much you diet and exercise, you just don't feel healthy. Just go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Future Health is not your healthcare services provider. Mes are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may very sponsored by Future Health.


Everything is more expensive now whether you're at the grocery store or the retail store. The last thing anyone wants is credit card debt in a Chime Credit builder card. This is a secure credit card with no annual fees. You can build credit with money set aside to avoid interest or expensive debt. Plus you'll have access to my pay and get up to $500 of your pay before payday with no mandatory fees. Start building credit with your everyday purchases and regular on-time payment with no annual fees, no interest credit. Check at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Can you imagine what you can do with better credit Home loans? Car loans? Vacation loans would be easier and interest rates would be lower. Again, that's why you need Chime Credit Builder card. No annual fees, interest or credit checks to apply. Build your own credit using your own money. Turn everyday purchase into steps toward financial goals with Chime Secure credit card. Get started today at Chime dot com slash Nightcap. That's Chime dot com slash Nightcap. Chime feels like progress. The Chime credit builder Visa credit card issued by Bang Corp Bank A or Stride Bank NA Spot ME eligibility requirements and overdraft limits apply out-of-network ATM withdrawals and OTC. Advanced fees may apply. Late payments may negatively impact your credit score. Results may vary. My pay eligibility requirements apply credit limits range from $20 to $500. Go to Chime dot com slash disclosures for details.


O'Reilly Check engine light on. Take the guesswork out of your check engine light with O'Reilly Vera scan it's free and provides a report with solutions based on over 650 million vehicle scans. Verified by a SE certified Master Technicians. And if you need help, we can recommend a shop for you. Ask for O'Reilly Vera scan today. Oh oh Oly auto Parts.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five dirt for it. Paige is a lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him. I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love It. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you. There's a fear factor that's associated with anytime you're wide open. Like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


OCHO Will Howard has had an off combine. He's one of the quarterbacks that opted to throw the NFL scouting combine over the weekend. And his performance brought mixed reviews and was deemed inconsistent. He missed multiple passes, including a couple of deep balls down the field. Shado came to his defense. I don't understand why y'all hating on at Will Howard. He just wasn't an addict. It is hard to throw to receive it that you don't know. Everyone. Everyone runs routes differently. And y'all want QBs to come to the Columbine and throw, I mean listen, we talk about quarterbacks that this coming off seasons, we could turn on the film.


What are you judging in? Someone in shirts and shorts. It does nothing. Everybody looks great. All American in shirts and shorts. What do you do once you put the helmet and shoulder pads on and your cleats. Yeah. Heidi perform Then how did Wheel Howard perform then? What the title? Jeremiah Smith? Yep. Come on man. What did we ta What did we talking about? Oh, I wanna make sure you look good. I wanna make sure you pass the eye test in your shorts and you hit every receiver that you never thrown to before and complete every pass. Get outta here, please. Yeah, It's tough. I mean, sometimes you get nerves sometimes.


Hey man, I ain't used to run man. First of all, I used to have my ankles taped. I ain't have no ankles taped. Bad bad ocho. I mean I had never been on turf before in my life. Right? Like it is what it is. Somebody gonna gimme a chance. Yeah. That's it. I Just, I was like, I I sure hope somebody that that take me. They don't play on turf. You know who I thought was gonna take me ocho, the team that I had the most contact with, who I talked to the most. Who that? Cincinnati Bengals. Hey, what?


You could, you could, Hey, you could have been, you could've been over there with your boy. Huh? I figured the Cincinnati, Seattle because they had called, asked where I was gonna be. Right. And Cincinnati, Seattle. Who else? I really, I didn't hear from Denver. Maybe the Patriots because their guy came several times and worked me out. Yeah. Oh, Philly. Philly. I talked to Buddy, I talked to Buddy Ryan rest his soul. I talked to him a lot. So I was like, I just knew I say Philly, Cincinnati or Seattle. I was like, damn, Seattle play. I say Cincinnati play on turf, Seattle play on turf and Philly play on turf.


Because You know, the vet was terrible. Right. The vet was, every year was voted worst, worst field condition. Worst. Yes. Seattle was on turf. 'cause they played back then Ocho they played in the kingdom. Yeah. I don't know if you remember the Kingdom. And then Cincinnati like, man, Cincinnati don't win ish though. Hey, that, that's not necessary. And then lo and behold, Bronco Country. There you go. There you go. Yeah. You, yeah, you, you, you, you was all right.


You was all you was all you was alright. Who was dead boy? Who was dead boy. But hey Will, hey bro, don't worry about that. They know what you can do. Hey, when you have your pro, when you have your pro day and you throw it to your receivers at Ohio State, All that matter right up and, and again, even, even at the pro day again, are they drafting you based on what you're doing at the combine? Yes. A little bit of it comes into play. But those where you have that much film like Will Howard, what are you talking about? You not throwing well at the combine is why your stock, your stock is gonna drop.


Huh? Anybody saying that is why certain scouts don't need to be in position to make calls for certain teams? Turn on the film. Man. There's a lot of film Will Howard and Woody did in Ohio State. What are we talking about? Oh, he didn't throw well. Oh, we talk about shorts. His shirt. I get it. I plan man. Oh, Joe Rose Sparks is a game changer in the bedroom. It is a fast acting ed treatment that dissolves under the tongue getting you hard in 15 minutes on average and lasting up to 36 hours. So that's when the mood is right. You'll be ready.


Ro wants to help couples have great sex and sometimes that means using Ro sparks, but other times it means asking your partner the right questions, which is exactly what we'll be doing in this little game. Now it's time for our newest segment. Spark it or Skip it. Oh, Okay. Ocho. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Here we go. Spark it. This is how the game works for Joe. If we talk about an item in the bedroom. Okay. And you and I both decide if it's a yes, spark it. If it's a no, skip it.


Okay. Okay. Now this, this is, this is right up my alley right here. I like this spark of the Skip it. Okay. Okay. Okay. You know I don't, don't you don Talk to me. I don't, I don't, I don't park one just in case. Just in K Just in case you sparking. Wait, you don wait. You, you pop one right now That? No, don't worry about that. 15 minutes. 15 minutes. 15 minutes. Alright. Ocho first one Wilt cream. Spark it or Skip it. Spark it. I told you about that now. I told you. Huh? Stay with me. It to agree.


Listen Yes to Chad Creek. No. What? Skip it. Why would you, what did you talk about? Nope. I Time out, time out, time out. Time out. You gonna Make a mess Joe. What the hell I'm gonna do down plans to get my bed for, What did I tell you? Don't listen man. You don't, you not a hall of famer. You didn't become a hall of famer by not listening. What did I tell you to do with the whipped cream? You put it where? Tell the chat. First of all. I don't really, I don't really get down whipped cream like that. 'cause I don't really put it on anything. And I'm definitely not gonna put it on. No hoohaw. You, You got we, we we got it.


Listen, there's a reason. You know I ain't, I ain't gonna go there. I, I'm okay. Okay. It's too messy. Yeah, that's too messy. Only show You gonna mess Up Bit. You don't mess up. You have to do it light. You don't just spread all over the place. You got, You know I have, I have OCD so I use the whipped cream the right way. You turn on the stomach. There's a reason there's a split there. Could you support it? Ah, no. Hear me. Woo. I'm, listen, I'm trying to keep it clean as I can. And professional. There's a reason there's a split there. Huh? When you wait, listen. Well, It need a, Lemme, lemme finish when you get steak, right?


Yeah. Want it? Filet don't what? When they cut, they cut, they cut the flint down the middle, don't they? Yeah. They ask you to cut into it, see if it's prepared the temperature. Okay. So Why you, why you think it's already cut? There's a reason when you flip over, there's a reason. There's a, there's a cut there. Okay. I'm gonna let no Spark it. Skip man, y'all nasty. Alright. Ocho the next one, ice. Yes. It ain't no yes it Spark it or Skip it. What you mean spark it? Okay. Spark. Yeah spark. I Told you. Yeah, spark it. Now listen, this is what you do with your ice now.


Now depending, especially this is something you can do now. Now I'm trying to help you out. Now I trying to help you evolve. Now. Now if you got somebody new, it could be Michelle, it could be whoever else you said right now. There you go. Listen, don't stay with me now really quick, okay? I'm gonna tell you what to do with your ice blindfold. You hear me blindfold, get you some crushed ice. Not the regular, not the big cube because that's gonna mess everything up. Now boom, you take missionary on right? You hear me? Take the cup of ice. Missionary put toes in your mouth at the same Time. No, see, there you go. You hear me? Skip it. You done ruined the mood. I was in the mood. I'm trying to get you. Nah, see I like see you take the ice ocho and You know what I'm saying?


Don't cho, you take the ice. Right. She, she on her back and You know you down the neck and then you go with this boy, let lemme live. Damn. That's that 1940. This man done ruined my fantasy. This is my fantasy. And now he, he done jumped in my dream and ruined it. But you talk about the dream that happened in the 18 hundreds. Yeah. You know what I'm gonna do? I finna cut the lights on. I'm sorry baby. I gotta go because I was, I was, I was having a dream about what I wanted to do and my partner ruined it. Do you understand what you talk about? What you just described they was doing at the Roman Empire. Good. Hey, that's what they did to, he in Detroit back then?


No, they burned that estate. But anyway, she probably needed some ice. Fuck. You know what I'm saying? Ocho But then Ocho, I'm start out then you turn over, come down, You know you go down my back, You know what I'm saying? Ocho. Oh, this ain't kindergarten. That's old man. Man, Look here. I ain't trying to see you. Try to do too much ocho. See I ain't trying to do on that. You talking about taking the ice and coloring in between the lines. Like come on man. Yeah, no, No ocho really I'm on this. I don't really need none of that. What that for? Listen you was time You Cutting to my 36 hour window.


Right? But you, you got, you gotta understand, I even though you had the Rose Sparks before. You take the roast sparks. That's, that's the, the main course before The main, no you take the Rose Sparks way before because you need feet. Because once you put up under your tongue, it's gonna take it about 10, 15 minutes for it to dissolve Right now. Because now it glows into the blood bloodstream. Go straight into the blood bloodstream. Okay. Now 15 minutes. You know a I'm gonna say you don a, You know what I'm saying? I turn to the side. I done pop there. Turn to the side. I'm good. So You know I'm talking. Yeah. So where you from, You know?


Okay. Yeah. Right, right, right. How long, how long you been here? Oh okay. I'm surprised I've never seen you before. Right. You wanna drink? You gotta ask if you want to drink. You got some water? I got some water. I mean, I mean most of the time, You know when, when, when you engage Or I got some of that. I got some of that old shave by LA Port. There you go. There you go. I do got some wine in there somewhere. Hold on. Lemme see. Lemme see if I got some wire on you. Hold, You got, yeah, you got, you got, you got to offer any, any kind of drink, You know, to, to sim them down to make 'em feel comfortable. Now I don't drink.


I'm just, I'm, I ain't tell you I am. I just saw it in the movies Chad. Y'all hear me Chad? Anyway, back to back, back to the, back to the roast sparks. I have mine. Make sure you all, y'all need to go get yours. You have to fill out everything. It's kind of like almost prescription based, based on you and what you like. Pretty cool. It worked for me. I tried it. My introduction to it. I started off right before starting and I screamed. This is Sparta. That's something you guys need to try.


I'm, I'm into role play a lot. Role sparks work. Work very work wonders. Work works wonders. FYI Ash, if you can hear me, I'm getting married soon Now You know. Hey, You know I only braid this out with the good Stuff. You went to the cellar? Yeah. You know that's the good stuff. Okay, now what's that? Come on With it. What is that? What is that? What is that? That's Camus. Hey Chad. Y'all know about this, right? Who is Kamus Now? I ain't got that. I ain't, I ain't gonna pull that big Magnum out because we know I got this. I don't know. What's that?


I don't know nothing. I don't know nothing about none of that stuff. I Know what they know, but You know everybody don't, they, they everybody don't be want that, that red. So I got a a nice Riesling. Who? You ain't got no, you ain't got no, you ain't got no apple cider though. You got some beside, you ain't got no apple cider. Nope. So, You know, I always, I always think you think I'm behind the eight ball or I'm getting left out. The fact that I've never had alcohol. I mean, I'm just saying. I listen, I know at the live show I let, I let it touch my tongue. You know. We was out there in Vegas. Yeah. I didn't, I ain't drink it. I just took it back. It it, it touched the tip of my tongue.


It burned and I went, I, You know, went back down with it. This Is a good, this is a good, this is a good year too. This is 72 Cabernet. This ca 2021 Cabernet Souvignon. Okay. Okay. Okay. I'm Okay. So we both say Spark with the, with the ice. Oh yeah. Lights. Yeah, Lights. Spark or skip Lights. Yeah. You like the lights on or? Well, it's, I like, I like 'em off. I like 'em off. 'cause what you think visual?


I'm a visual. I'm a visual. Hey Agent, someone brought me out my shell Right. For the longest time, You know. Okay, Man, I, hold on. I'm trying to think. Let's see. 20. Hold on. You just said Before about, huh? You about her. Oh. Can see me. Oh, I thought you, oh, I thought you talking about somebody. Okay. My bad. My bad. Nah, nah, I Thought, I thought you saw who we was talking about last week. I thought y'all, y'all like, she, she calls you. Oh, You said somebody bought you out your shell. Now that's Only, no, when I say brought down my shell that, You know, it used to be lights off.


Shades down. Okay. Okay. And then she like, You know. Yeah. So I like the lights on. Okay. Okay. You wanna see everything, you wanna see everything going on. Yeah. Yeah. I like it. Yeah. It don't matter. It don't matter with me, You know, because it, I'm, I'm big, I'm bi. I, I get, I get, I'm visual. I, I like to see, I like to admire. Right, right, right, right. Damn right. Yeah. You wanna, you wanna keep that visual the whole time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I understand. I understand, I understand. You Know, I like damn feeling pretty good.


I feeling pretty Good. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I, I like, I like, I like where you're going. I like, I like you're Going. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I ain't, man, I ain't say it was gotta be like Broadway lit up like that. But I'm saying, You know, little light so I can, You know, dimly. I mean, just so I could see the silhouette. You a silhouette type of guy? Yeah. Oh, absolutely. Hey, speaking, You know what, this ain't the place at the time, but I'm with you when you're right. Yeah. Get me. This ain't the place at the time, but I'm with you when you're right. Yeah, Man, ain't nothing like that. I'm gonna kill, I'm gonna keep a cue. Okay? Yeah, A little.


So get a little something, something, You know, ocho you just ocho you a, you a spark on everything. Hey, that, that's, that's the whole point Bunk bed spark. Wait, Wait, what? Wait, wait. Get wait, say it again. Who? A bunk bed Spark. Oh. Yeah, because listen, you, you, you, you, You know why you want bunk beds? Because the first one, the bed at the bottom, You know she have, You know, she do hit a little honor Palmer. You know what the Arnold Palmer is? The drink? No, when she squirt it's called Honor Palmer. Oh Lord have mercy. It's a mixture of fluids.


And and you don't think, you ain't know that? No, we, we definitely skipping that. Okay. Oh no, you, no unc you gotta, you gotta put your face in it. Do what? Put your face in it. Nah, bro, I'm out. God. Wait, you gotta live, man. Nah bro, I'm out. Hey, you j ruined, you ruined a good night. Let me take my wine and put it back up. I Hey Chad, I'm finna take my wire and put it back up.


It's okay. It's okay. Ain't okay. It depends. It depends on, well, listen, miss, miss Na, have you watched Miss Nancy b videos? No, I have not. Right. Listen, this one do. Whenever y'all, You know how you remember you was a little kid, you go to the water fountain. Remember how you press the water fountain? Yeah. In the water Shoot. That's how you do the same thing. You catch the Arnold Parer like that? Nah, no. Nope. Okay. Nope. I'm just, listen, I'm just, listen, I'm trying to help you evolve. That's it. I'm just giving you ideas that you could Try. I don't want them ideas. I, I'm, I'm taking no ideas. Chat. Don't take any, don't take any suggestions for both. But Everybody in the chat, they, they do the same thing I do.


I mean, you the only one left behind. I, I know I Well, that's okay. I didn't get, I got left on purpose. You ain't gonna big. See, I was late. I saw the bus. I just chose not to get on it.


This is Jenny Garth from I do part two. Everyone's talking about GLP ones like Ozempic Semaglutide with Future Health. You can find out if they're right for you too. Just go to try fh.com. That's try fh.com and find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes. Try Fh.com. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time. Steph Curry. We went live for All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their era. And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page Five, Dirk four page Is a Lead. Okay. Okay. I'm mad him, I left him off my list, but I still like my list. You won't believe who step left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Steph talked about what separates the truly elite NBA shooters. When you have a scouting report and you're on the, the list as not just a shooter, but we have specific rules for how we guard you, there's a fear factor that's associated with it. Anytime you're wide open, like you might as well just count that and get on back on defense. Listen to Goat GOTE greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. Alright, it's time for our last segment of the evening. It is time for q and a.


Ba, Elijah Moses. What's up uncle? Your has something you might say to Luke and LeBron about the start of playing like their video game. PS two, PS three, P, SP, it don't matter leagues and five clippers, dippers, strippers, leagues, and five LT said, stay with me now. LeBron, Chevron, Charli, Theron Leagues, and five Leagues, and five Dr. Frankie Pelman said, Hey, y'all, y'all always say that football is, is moving a man against his will.


Is it safe to say that a woman can have the same power? Why or why not? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You know what, You know what a man, You know what a man is willing to do to please a woman. And so he has access to who I consistently, that is getting a man to do what he wants against his will as long as he can get, You know what? Yeah. That mess would've come down to all at the end of the day, always unc. In order to get that, you gotta do this. It's always been that way. In order to get that, you gotta do this.


That's it. Kim Norwood Jr. Said, oh, my question is, who is the best onscreen TV dad or best actor to play a role of a dad in a movie? John q Denzel? Or can we go with, oh my goodness, I, I cried. Will Smith, ah, what's the movie UNC as a Pursuit of happiness. Pursuit of Happiness, man. Mm. And the only two I can think of at the top of my head that were fathers played Mag Magnificent roles.


Ward Cleaver. Leave it to Beaver Dad. Well, look, we know he kind of fell from Grace, but the greatest TV dead was was Huxtable Cliff Huxtable. Oh Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. What about him and James Evans? James Evans pretty good. I like friends. What about Freds? Hey, him and Lamar was a trip, right? But yeah, James Evans, but probably Cliff Huxtable The standard back then. Yes. Jeremy Short Hecho loved the show I watch every night.


Can y'all wish the mother of my child and girlfriend Alma, A happy birthday Also our daughter, Ani Leia turning seven months. Alma, happy birthday. Happy Birthday, Liliana. Okay. Okay, Alma, happy birthday. Jeremy wanted to wish you a happy birthday. Thank you for bestowing the greatest gift upon him, which is his daughter Liliana, who turned several months today. So happy birthday to her. So happy birthday to you guys.


Continued success. Hopefully you guys did something really, really fun today. Something special today. Happy birthday and many, many more to come. Piano my Magnus. What's up unc Ocho? Can I get a birthday? Shout out. My birthday is March 2nd and I turn 19. My, my name is pronounced Magnus. Okay, Magnus. And it spell Magnus. Happy birthday, Magnus. Happy birthday Magnus. And You know the name sounds like one of the, like one of the Greek gods or something like, You know what I mean?


Huh? Magnus. Hope that's a sound like a German name, huh? Nah, man. Sound like, like he was back there with Caesar and Apollo. Magnus. No, No, No. I like it. Mark Anthony, Julius Caesar. Cassius Calpurnia. Magnus Aurelius. Dessimate. No. Marcus Aurelius. I know, but I'm just saying Magnus. It all, all it all flows the same. Magnus Marcus. That's it.


Alright, that concludes this episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store, Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today. Thank you guys for joining us. As you watch the Lakers take down the Clippers for the second time in three days by the score of 1 0 8 to 1 0 2, the Lakers were led by Luca Don. He had 29 points. Nine assists, six rebounds. LeBron James had 17, 9, 4. Five rebounds and Dolton Connect. He had 19 Dorian Dorian Finney Smith at 11 as they get past the Clippers. 1 0 8 to 1 0 2. Kauai led the way with 36 with 33 points in 10 rebounds. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. Oceana Sharp, that guy. The Liberty City legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from.


We thank you for your continued and loyal support. Make sure you check out Shade by La Porter. We do have it in stock. If you can't find any city or state near you, order we ship it directly to your door. What better way to celebrate than with a bottle of shade by La Porter? Please drink responsibly and please stay safe. Make sure you check out my media company page on all of his platforms. She, Shea Media and the clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We just dropped our Super Bowl show shirt and hats. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are limited, so please make sure you get grab yours because once they're gone, they're gone.


That concludes this episode of Nightcap. I'm up. He's Ocho. We'll see you tomorrow. The Volume. Make some noise for the greatest shooter of all time, Steph Curry. We went live from All Star Weekend for a new podcast called Goat Greatest of their Era, And we ranked our top five shooters from the two thousands. Page five, Dirk four page is lead. Okay. You won't believe who Steph left off his list. That's so tough. That's why we have these conversations. Yes. That's why we absolutely. I love it. Listen to Goat GOTE, greatest of their era on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blues, sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment. To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the weeks Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing, I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd.


I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.