
Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America, and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six. whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. we want to bet on touchdowns. And at draft King Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the draftking Sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Only on DraftKings. A crown is yours. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia. Visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


The commanders to beat defeat the Giants 27 22 commanders are now seven and two. Caleb Wave and Bryce Young, combined for a record of seven. Hold on. Oh ca Caleb, Bryce Young, Caleb Wave and Bryce Young have a combined record of seven wins, 23 losses since being drafted. First overall, Jay Daniels and CJ Stroud have a combined record of 22 and 11 since being drafted second overall and both are on place to take home offensive rookie of the year and consecutive seasons. What you thinking Ocho You like what you're seeing from Jay Daniels thus far? He was 15 or 22, 2 0 9.


I like him. Who? Two touchdowns, Man. That young bull nice boy. That's he it, he did the real deal. Listen, we watched CJ Stroud just last year have a historic rookie season. Turn the franchise around like nothing. Now we watching Jayden Daniels come in, turn the commander's the entire franchise around with the, at the snap of a finger. Like nothing make it. Well, they just need to get Daniel Snyder out of there once they got that stench out of the building. Right? Yeah, they're good now. Now this young man here is the real deal. Yeah. I lo I I, you know when you hear about him, how he's first in, he's last out.


How he's always constantly trying to get better. He's watching film. He's a student of a game. He's a perfectionist. He holds people accountable. You can win with that and you can win long term with that, but you just need a new ownership in there. Daniel Snyder, that that was that cesspool, that invitation, that septic tank, which was the, which was the commanders before this? Josh Harris, I think Josh Harris purchased the team with the Magic Johnson and that group. Yeah. I, I love, I I love mm, I love I I I love this young man. Yeah, he Nice. I love what he's doing. He nice way. I'm, I'm trying to think.


He def he definitely winning a rookie of the year. I I could tell you that. Yeah, he might, they might, they might as well just hand him the trophy now. Oh, who, who, who else is going to get it? Nobody. The, the one player that I'm, I thought might have had a chance, depending on how good his quarterback played and how consistent he played. Malik would be Mme neighbor. Yeah. Oh, Joe, I told you that wasn't gonna happen. What you mean consistent? You Yeah, Because that man Daniel Jones tripping. Huh? Okay. When has he, when hasn't he been tripping? If you take, if you take away that eight game stretch in which you parlayed that into $160 million contract. Yeah. You saw the sample size. Yeah. It was too small too, boy.


It was, it was too small. That that's what, that's why they say timing is everything. That small sample size they saw sample timing is everything. Yes. But that goddamn Jayden Daniels boy Shh boy. The commanders got them one boy. They do. They got One. They got got got one. The charges defeat the Browns rough day for Jamis three interception. Damn. He might need to have another LASIK surgery. One week after Jamis helped engineer a season best performance, the Browns offense struggled against the top defense in the NFL Cleveland had 57 total yards at halftime. Jamis Winston has now thrown 102 interceptions the most by any player in a hundred career games since Matthew Stafford in 2016.


Brown sack Justin Herbert, sixth time today, all of which were in the first half wide receiver. Quentin Johnson had had a career best game of four catches, 118 yards receiving. Yeah. Huh? Go. Oh, he a horn frog. Oh, that's ash. He with ash at ocho. Yes, sir. Sometimes I wonder what JAMA sees. I wish I could look through his eyes so I could see what he said. Right. Ain't no way you could throw, ain't no way you could throw the ball directly to the other team that many times in your career. Ocho ain't no way.


I ain't, I can't. I need to, I gotta see, I need to see for one time I want, look, I don't ask for a whole lot. I ain't never wanted to be like another man. My brother. I wanted to be like my brother, but I just want to be able to see in a game. I wish I could see what Jamus sees just for a game. So I could tell him, Jamus, that guy got on a different color uniform. He's not your teammate because I, the way he be hitting guys between the numbers, he gotta be colorblind. He might need to wear gar like e ed because LASIK didn't do him no justice. Damn. Huh? Oh, hey, did you, did the interceptions, were you able to see each one?


Did receivers run wrong routes? Were they covered? Did they get blanketed? They do undercut. It looked like it was like two men did he hit do right in the chest. Oh, okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. I just, I I, and you know, there, there are a couple of plays last week if the Ravens could catch, they had interceptions. Yeah, you're right. You right. Kyle Hamilton dropped the interception that would've sealed the game. Yeah. The next play they stole you. Right. And I'm like, I just, I I I, I don't know man. I don't know. I I just, I mean, do you know Ocho do you know how bad you gotta do be to throw 30 plus interceptions in a season?


Yeah. I think listen, last week game against the Ravens. I think it's different being that you're kind of preparing for one quarterback and another comes in and then a team has a week to prepare, prepare and game plan for you. Yeah. And understanding because of your past inconsistencies at a quarterback position. Alright. This is what I know we can do. And you know, a after a week to prepare, knowing who the quarterback would be, I mean, this is the kind of game you get. You get a three interception game. Ooh. 26 or 46, 2 35, 1 touchdown, three picks.


Damn. 40. They threw the ball 46 times. Yeah. I wish I could have played today. Boy. Yeah, Lee. Yeah, man, he, I don't know Who the, who the brown, who the Browns got next. I hope they got an easy game. I, I hate, I hate using the word easy, but dude, they have a Team with, they, they defense. They defense can be pretty good, but the offense keeps em out there on the field so long. You gonna wear down That defense. Nice boy. That defense Nice. Who Browns got next? Ash.


Oh, it's gonna be A-A-A-A-A yuck fest. They got the Saints. Oh yeah. So Jam Go Jam is going back to the Saints. Where where's this game? In Orleans? In New Orleans? Yeah. Hey, that's, that's tough. You know what? I Think I'm, I think I'm gonna watch highlights of that game. Ain't no way I'm watching that game Watch. Yeah. I hope. Hey, the players, I, I don't mean to go back to the previous game, but I hope Derrick Caron loses confidence because the players in that locker room, the players on that team, They done lost confidence in him. Lost confidence in him. Yeah. I, yeah, I know, I know.


Because whenever you see players, you know, lash out at the quarterback like that without really saying his name, oh, put me at quarterback and like, stuff like that. He done lost him. And then watching Cam Jordan and his reaction watching Kamara and his Reaction, they got no respect for it, man. Yeah, Man, I I, I keep telling people it's the same thing that when last week when the, the guy was horse Jing around and he ended up catching a Hail Mary, you play for your teammates respect your coaches' trust and the fans' appreciation. Those are the three. And if you play, if you play for those, everything else will take care of itself. Right. You want your players, the teammates to respect you.


You want your coaches to trust you and you want the fans to appreciate the effort that you put out. I believe Derrick Cards lost all three of those. Yeah. He might have lost his confidence too. A little bit. He might have lost his confidence. It's Man Rams defeat the sea. How Seahawks 26, 20 Kareem Kitchens 103 yard pick six tied the game up in the final minutes. Seahawks tied up in the final because they blocked the punt and they ended up scoring a touchdown in the final seconds they got stopped 31 and fourth to one.


And the Rams go down the field, go down the field. The Rams went on a walk off one handed grab by DeMarcus Robinson. Pook and Nku got ejected for throwing a punch. The league office ultimately controlled Ejections. And however, Xavier was not getting ejected for sending Crystal lobby to the hospital. But P na gets ejected for throwing a punch, especially when Trent Williams has thrown punches in multiple games without getting ejected. That's what pro football taught tweeted. I can see it. Brian Branch got ejected. And see that's when you're dealing with subjectivity.


That's why, you know, gymnastics or you're dealing with diving or you're doing things that have judges come into a play. These are officials one official see it one way. So, but that's normally a call ejection normally comes from the league. Right. And I I I don't get it because like you said, Trent Williams man, Trent Williams almost took a dude head off two weeks ago. You remember? You remember that? Yeah, I do remember it, but I forgot. I don't think he realized who he had punched. Right. I know he didn't think he was gonna be able to put T Dub and he go get away with it, man. Y don't, if you notice, don't people don't play with do No.


He bused a a a a one time. He ain't the guy that you get to face. Somebody do it because he gonna do it. He gonna do it. Don't tell him hit me. Yeah. Ah, I don't know. I I, I think the, the, the, the, the league is gonna have to like, ask the que answer the question, why wasn't a dude ejected that hit a lobby? Right. So it's gonna be a, a very interesting, a very interesting answer that they give. If, if they going, if they gonna make the call and start ejecting people, they have to be consistent with it.


They gotta be consistent. You Got to the bills, beat your dolphins. 30 to 21. 30 to 27. That was a good game on a 61 yard field goal. Buffalo Trail led the half, fifth time this season. Then the second half bills went three straight touchdown drives. Tyreek and Wallace. The NFL leading duo over the last two years combined for two targets and the first half both went to heal. Both players are on pace to finish with fewer than a thousand yard receiver for the first time as teammates. ocho. Yeah. Is it time for the Dolphins to blow it up? Hell no. Absolutely not. Listen, you just the two and six. Listen, you they two and six, but you just paid your quarterback and you're two and six because of the injury that happened.


What, what was that week three? I forgot what week that was. He went, he went down. So you, you definitely don't blow it up. You still, you still keep everything intact. I'm not sure Mr. Mr. McDaniel or Mr. Mr. Ross would wanna wanna blow it up anyway after investing that much money, you know, in your quarterback. So, you know, this season, eh, is tough due to injury, but you wanna finish the season off strong and be ready for next year. Yeah. You, you think you would you blow it up? No, you can't. My thing is Ocho, I'm looking, do I believe Tour is gonna stay healthy the next years play off 17 because without him you're not going anywhere.


I don't care if you got Waddle. I don't care if you got Wre. I don't care if you got a chain Moer, you need somebody to pull the trigger. Yeah. That man ain't paying that kind of money Ocho to miss the playoffs. Mm. Think about what he paid now. Yeah. Paid Toa. He paid re he paid Waddle, he paid Ramsey the two and six. How many games are the next nine? They gonna win, don't you? I don't know. But that's, that's tough though.


That, that's tough. And, and listen, you have to take, I mean, I'm saying whoever makes the, the decisions over there, whoever is sitting in that position of power has to be understanding. I'm sure they are understanding, especially with this business and understanding that injuries do happen and the season is going the way it's going, being two and six due to the injury to tour when Tua is healthy. That offense is one of the best in the NFL when Tua and Tyre and, and Waddle and a chain and Moer when they're on offensively. Oh, they're on, I mean, they're two and six for a reason. And the reason is due to the injury, the two. So, but I just need you to tell me in the next three years, does Tua play all the games?


Does he play 51 games? They play 17. 17, 17. Yeah. But you'll never know if he can protect himself. Yes. If not, How many times he played off 17? Hey, that's, Hey, you know what? That's a good goddamn question. Well, I was hoping you gimme a good answer. Yeah, I, I don't, I don't know that. I don't, I don't know the answer to that. Yeah, I I don't know the answer to that, but damn, that's a good one. Speaking of blowing it up, blowing up. We have breaking news Ocho what we have relieved Luke Gety James, Craig and Rich scan of their duties with the Las Vegas Raiders.


I think they're the opposite side of football, correct? Ooc Oline Coach. Cubi coach. Oh. Oh, so oh, oh. So they, they putting people on the chopping block. Yeah. So Mr. Max Crosby might be available. See? Told you. I told you that's a good thing. That's, that's a good thing. That's a good thing. I, I hope, I hope Detroit is able to make that move Do too. Make that move. That'd be dope. That'd be really dope. Damn they fight.


Damn. Did they even let, did they even let the, the team, they must have fired him as soon as they landed back in Vegas. They played the one o'clock game. Yeah, Game ended six, which was three here, Right? Oh, they're back. Yeah. Damn. Yeah. That, that's rough. Yeah. Hey, lemme holler at you right quick, Bo don't worry about coming in the morning. Breaking down tape battalions defeat the Patriots 2017 Drake May Heroic sends the game in the overtime.


Mayor Heroics would've end after throwing an interception with two minutes left in overtime May did some magical things to send the game in overtime, but two cost of mistakes, a strip sack and an interception in overtime provided the ultimate learning experience for the number three pick in the draft. I thought they was gonna do it, don't you? I thought they was gonna do it. I did too. I did too. Drink May. Hey, you gotta cut them intercepts out, baby. They're not good enough to overcome 'em. You, you gotta cut the intercepts out just simply because of what you just said. You can't overcome the interceptions. No, you don't have that kind of team. You can't.


They've been very, I mean, think about it. That's why the Patriots so good, because Brady didn't beat them. Brady didn't, they didn't beat themselves. Brady didn't put the ball in harm's way. Even when he had exceptional defenses, he didn't put the ball in harm's way because now you now you neutralize it. Right now you drop yourself, you lawyer yourself to the competition. No, we're better than you. We're not gonna help your cause. Right? So no, if you beat us, you're gonna beat us doing your own, you know, play it out playing us. We're not gonna give you turnovers and, and, and, and, and, and increase your opportunities to beat us. That's not gonna happen. But yeah.


So Dang The Titans, Titans two and six. Patriots two and seven Both bad, huh? Yeah. I feel, I feel like I, man, you know what? Hey, if they need some help, man, I could be out there. I could play little quarterback now. You know I played quarterback at beach. Nah, you good. Blue 80 blue, 80. Check, check, check. You ain't pointing to the mic. Who? The mic? I just pointed to the mic, man.


What you talking about? I just pointed to the mic. Okay. You wanna call out? Huh? Call his number out. Mike. 52. Mike. 52 A. Hey, watch the safety coming down. Watch that. Watch Safety out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright. Motion, motion, motion. Yeah man, I'm telling you bro. Hey boy. That's what they, that's what they need. They need somebody like me. A quarterback man.


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. Every season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams, and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond. To understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Alright, Ocho, now it's time for our last segment of the evening is time for Q and A. You ready? Henry Jones said the ref screwed our eagles out of 30 point of, of a 30 point win. Has there ever been a time where you guys felt the rough refs screwed you and what you did and what did you say? Oh yeah, the ref screwed me one time out of a catch. I'll never forget we was playing your team, the team that you think you're a part of, but you're really not because you wasn't number 82. We was playing the Ravens, you know, had a little fun. I had a good catch too.


Right on the sideline. Boom. I felt I got both feet in, I don't remember which way to call when. Well, you know, me being entertaining, being fun, making light of the situation. I had a dollar bill. So the ref went to the review, the, what you call it thing, the review, what you call that thing? Yeah, The review Shoot. I went and got a dollar just trying to be funny. The ref came out the booth before he, before he could even make the call. All the referees huddled up. I walked over there with a dollar bill. Man, go ahead. Let me get this cash now. Yeah. That, that's, that's the only time, only time I have ever had a issue with a, with a Ref.


Okay, so somebody say you could play quarterback for Bishop Bishop Sycamore. Hey, that's the team that was on e espn, The team that didn't exist. Yeah. Hey, hey. That was funny, man. That was funny. You ever had an issue with, with the ref in the call before? No, no. Just some holding and stuff like that. But it's, it's normally, Oh, Jordan Addison dead just tweeted, even Stevie Wonder could see Jordan Addison is open on Sam Donald's interception. Wait, who? Who tweeted, who tweeted that? Jordan Addison's dad. Hey Jordan. Jordan Addison had a date though.


He had a date today. What? Yeah, He had, I think he had five catches on, five targets and a touchdown. A big, big touchdown. Yeah. He had a day today day one too. So hey pops, send it down a little bit, baby. I know how you feel. I I know how you feel now. He had a day and they listen that momentum and that chemistry will carry on, carry on into next week they watching film. Nate Harper. Hey Gancho, who do you think is the biggest threat to my eagles in the NFC? Love you guys. The commanders. Y'all Ain't the lions y You, y'all better worry about that division. You talking about the nfc. Oh, You better worry about the commanders in the, in the NFC East.


Right, right, right, right, right. He Talking big picture. The lions are the best team in the NFC Right As we sit right now. Yeah, they are. Hey listen, if they stay healthy too. Yes. That's what's most important. Teens being healthy. If you're not healthy right now, on the back half of the season after Thanksgiving, boy, that's where it count boy. That's who you make your hay and you know, team catch fire too. Some teams catch fire and go on a run. And, and the the funny thing about it is a team we least expected is gonna catch fire and they gonna make a push. They gonna make a push I think sometimes Don't wanna play.


Looking At these teams right now, the only way they gonna catch fire is they set them damn self on fire because they damn sure ain't gonna get no spark from somewhere else. Bad. I mean, these teams, the teams are bad Ocho. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's real bad. It's real bad. IIII, I don't mean to say it again, I don't mean to be redundant, but I really feel bad for the cowboy fans. Broh. I I feel bad for the cowboy players too man. I, I really do. I I can, I can't express that enough. Like I genuinely just feel bad because they're always sold that dream at the beginning of the season. It just doesn't pan out. And that didn't panned out for, for 23. Why you mad? 'cause they keep buying it. I I, you buy, you buy the radio that you know it don't work.


I don't know because it look good. See Michael Anthony said Bo Knix surprised me. I thought he was Bryce Young. Yeah. He didn't look good today. He missed some throws that he's gotta make. Yeah. Ravens are a really good team and when you get opportunity to, to score touchdowns, you gotta score. Got you. And like I said, he missed the throws today that I'm not so sure that when they play better competition, those guys miss those throws. But he, he rookie quarterback, so, you know, we, we give them a little grace, a little latitude, a little understanding, a lot more understanding and patience than we would give somebody that's been a 2, 3, 4 year guy in the league.


But yeah, he didn't play well today. CMG 31 said, who do you think will win the Super Bowl, bro? It's the, If, if I do that, I go lay, I go lay some major, major, I go to DraftKings right now and lay out some major when I have no earthly idea because everybody's an injury away from a significant player and it's over. Yeah. Yeah. That's why no. No matter how good the team is around the quarterback goes out, any of the top teams that are leading their division or second in division, they wrap, lose their quarterback. It's over. It's a wrap. So You can't overcome Man Ray.


Hey guys, first Gold Vikings. My question is, what's the best compliment you've ever received? Oh, somebody said I a cute Man. Your mom said that. They, they always say that. Nah, my mom and my grandma, they said I was ugly. I don't know if they lied. Don't y Oh nah. Look. Oh, nah, nah, I'm, listen, I'm, I'm, I'm a strong like, like Six half, seven. Well, no. Okay, listen, I, I, I could be real because we family Chad, I I could be real with you. Like when I don't have a haircut, if I don't have a haircut, I'm a strong six, six and a half. Right. When I got a haircut, a ball, fresh fade too, trimmed up beard, everything.


And I Facial nails done. So you get a haircut, get a facial nails done, body polish. You were seven and half eight? No, I put on the, and I put on some clothes. I'm about, I'm about, I'm about an eight and a half. No, no bullshit. Okay, okay. I'll bullshit. You not Okay. I, yeah, yeah. Like I don't, I don't, I don't need to be a nine or a 10. 'cause that's just, that's Maintenance honey. That's too pretty. Like what you doing? I, I mean I look better than my girl. You, you, damn. I ain't mean to say that. 'cause I ain't even got nobody right now. But fuck Damn. I don't know.


Damn. I mean, I mean, you like to go out with a step of the old, you want people looking like damn. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Ain't nothing like what they be look like. Damn. Yeah, I ain't, yeah. But you know, I ain't, I ain't got nothing to step with right now, so. Yeah. Yeah. Looking, looking kind of dim right now. I'm all alone. There's no one beside me. Wait a minute. Technically By my Matter of fact, I just thought about something. Wait a minute. Huh? Like no bullshit. Only shit. I just thought about something. What? I'm not single. You know why, Why She tweeted?


Chad and I are no longer together. Okay. She didn't say Ocho. Oh. That that's your, that that's the other one. That ain't you. Yeah, She, she left Chad. So that mean Ocho we still together. Okay. You see what I'm talking about? Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. It's still hope, it's still hope for. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. She say me and Chad are no longer together. Keep Hope alive. That was a, a rev in back in 88 when he ran for president. He said keep hope alive. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. We good. Why are we good? Hey Chad, we still good? We still good? We still good? I'm in there. I'm in there. Me and Chad are not together.


She ain't say Oh show. So if you don't, if you don't include both of us. So technically we still together. I'm in the game. I'm in the game. The best compliment. Yeah. What, what what they told you uncle? What they told you? What they told you? What they told you? Nah, I think, You know, probably when my, when my, my grandmother would, would describe my brother and I, man, I take, look obviously women give you compliment, you know, Hey you look nice, nice body.


I like this, I like that. But you know, a lot of times I take that stuff with a grain of salt because I know I'm not and I'm cool with that. I'm not the best looking dude that you've ever been with. I'm not the finest, I'm not the most muscular. I'm not anything of that. I'm not the wealthiest or none of that. And I'm okay with that. But probably because to hear my, my grandmother describe me, my brother, I think probably in the last couple of years, my brother saying that he's proud of him. I knew he was proud of me. But to see how I've handled a lot of situations, I think that's the hard that, that's probably getting compliments from my brother.


'cause I know he's not a guy that, that's, he's very parsimonious with his compliments. Hmm. Stingy. Wait, very what? Parsimonious. God damn. That's aau. That's a big, I ain't never heard that shit before. So for me to hear look. Yeah, probably, probably something my brother, my brother said the last couple years, my grandmother said, I remember people that I've worked for for appreciate me showing up for work.


You know, every day hard worker goes about his job does his job stays outta the way. I think that's the, you know, I appreciate that the most. 'cause I do, I do, I try to, you know, I got 24 hours of a day. I mind my business 12 hours a day. I stay outta the other people's business 12 hours a day. So I got a 24 hour job of just minding my business. And so, but you know that, that's, you know, Hey, like I said, I think we all like compliments but to each his own. Yeah. Said 3 27 never get, never ever get married. Why?


Yeah. Why Ocho close? Ocho supposed to be getting married in February. I tell you what, I done booked my ticket. You gonna reimburse me my money? Hey, Hey my, hey for horses. Hey for horses. Hey, you made, you made that call for me, Me outta your best. Ocho. Huh? Uhuh. Hey, I ain't, Hey listen, I ain't shit. You in the house? Huh? You at the house? Oh yeah. They, they, because I'm here, they left. Oh, she ain't there? Nah. So when I, when I leave Tuesday, she'll probably come back.


Oh boy, she ain't bullshitting. What? No, I believe that. Oh, she ain't bullshitting. Oh. I believe it. Oh you, hey. Hey. I, I definitely believe it. Mike might say, oh, could your best Raven team beat the best Bronco team? It all depends on what team I'm on. That's a good one. Unfortunately I can't be on both. We, we were totally different teams. Obviously that Raven team was a defensive team, But them boys were good. The team I was on in Denver, we we're offensive team. We got what, four Hall of Famers on that team.


My, John, myself, them, TD Ravens, defense, two Hall of Famers, Ray and Woody. They've been interesting. It'd been very interesting. I think I, I think, I think, I think personally with the offense that we had and the way we could protect with them and t-Bone, I think I, I think we could, I think we, the Broncos team, I think we beat them. Yeah. That 2000 Ravens defense shit I do. Hell no. You don't think so? Hell no. Y'all good? Nah, no, no, no. I, I ain't finna take nothing from y'all.


But with em boys that 2000 year, Jesus. I ain't Gotta, we had, we had Zim at Left Tackle. We had T-One and Right Tackle, we had Tom Nalan at Center. We had stink Mark Ette at left guard. Hell, four of our offensive lineman made the Pro Bowl. I was in the Pro Bowl. TD made the Pro, I was first team all Pro TD was first team all Pro. John made the Pro Bowl. So we had like six guys, seven guys on the offense make the Pro Bowl that year. Yeah, we good. We were good. Oh, we had a good team. Yeah. It'd been, it'd been interesting. Especially like I said, now with, with John, like I said, we had a quarterback that wasn't gonna be intimidated because a lot of times we, we, that defense, they won the game by intimidation because they knocked the block off like the first series.


And then you see guys. Oh yeah, he don't, he he, he don't want, he don't want it. Right. He ain't gonna catch nothing. We, we good. He self-check. He self-check. I seen the episode. I just wanna say Ocho finna catch you on the weights. I dunno about that. Ocho ocho ain't lifting no weight. Like I told you. I told you I, I told Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey, lemme show you something. Hold on. Hold Lord have mercy. You see I got you. See I got these. See I got these fifties. Hold on. Hold on the chair all in the way.


Lemme show you how strong I'm getting though. Huh? What you do with the fifties? Huh? What you do with the fifties? Hey, hey look at this. 50 easy curls. So no ocho are you doing hammer curls? Are you doing bicep curls? Hey, I, whichever one you want, you tell me which one you want. You should do, you should drop the weight. That's too much weight because your goal is to try to stimulate the muscle. I can't Annihilate the muscle. I know how to stimulate. I can stimulate. I stimulate real good girl. That's too much momentum.


That's too much momentum. See now I see if you want, if that's your last set and you trying to grind, trying to grind out another two to three reps. Okay, fine. Nah, I'm strong man. This is what I do, man. Whatcha talking about, Hey, lemme take my shirt off so the chat Can see. Don't do that. Hey, you want me to show the chat? Nope. Down said Ocho. Hey, You, you can see the muscle. You can see all the muscle through my, through my jersey. I'm sitting right boy. Nah, I see a before and before picture. Nah. Hey, hey, I, I look good.


Right? Shake down said Ocho. What did you do to make that woman leave? Did you not hear what I just said? Yeah, man. Hey, forget why she left. Gimme some ideas to get her back. Fuck. Are you talking about why she left talking about the wrong shit? Motherfuckers supposed to be helping me talking about why fuck, why how Michael McIntosh says which NFL Jersey looks the nicest. Which is the ugliest Hey, the nicest to me. They're all white.


The Bengals all white and That the worst jersey ever created. Man. You know they got every year y'all voted the worst jerseys. No, we know what Hey that, hey, that Philadelphia Kelly Green. I like I oh oh nope. That powder of blue chargers. Hey, that messing with that powder of blue chargers. Oh, that's nice. Hey, that powder of blue chargers Nice. Oh, that Kelly Green though. That Kelly Green. Nice boy. Cowboy Green. The i, the the, the old the silver and black. You can't go wrong. I like the Broncos. The Broncos old, the old original The Orange.


Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Okay, Man. Talking about what happened, talking about Danny John Shannon Ocho who win the A FC North, the Steelers of the Ravens Ocho, the Bengals four and five. Great wins. Shannon, sorry about your Broncos. Yeah, I mean, but Ravens won. I got two teams. Ocho ain't got but one Ocho both OCHO teams bad. We'll be back. Patriots. Patriots and Bengals. We'll be all right. No you're not. Oh, the the old school They, somebody said the old school Miami J The the Ot j Miami.


Oh, the old. Yeah. Yeah. I like, that's dope too. I like the old school Jess jerseys. Like I'm old school like the Broadway Joe where Yeah, they got a, the legits written with the, with the white helmet. Hey, if I was Jerry Jones, I would tank this season and draft your door and trade CD for another pick and get Travis Hunter two. Yeah. You all that ain't possible now. No, That ain't happening. Yeah, that sound, he sound like he playing Madden. Ultimately. What's up A in 85, who be your all time five starting five O line. You can include tight end if you want to make it six O line.


Damn. Ooh man. It been some great left tackles man. You got Munoz, you got Ogden, you got Walter Jones, you got Zim Center. Mike Webs the center, the only one that I, Mike Webs the center and Larry Allen is the left guard, right guard. I'll put, I'll put John Hanna.


I'm gonna take, I'm gonna put Jo at left tackle. I'm gonna put Zim at right tackle, even though I know Zim is the left tackle. I'm pick the guys I play. Yeah, Orlando Pace, man, they've been some un unbelievable offensive linemen. But the only ones that I'm, I'm 1000% certain on is Larry Allen and Mike Webster


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. Every season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert. My next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against, the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hi, Jamie, Jay Breezy Williams. Hey guys, my squad in the house. Out of all your experience in the NFL, which if any, would you consider your future as a football player? Oh. Which, if any, had you consider your future as a football player? Oh no, I didn't get that question. He said, huh. Okay, reconsider. Okay. I guess you, I guess you wanted say reconsider what you, what, whether or not you really wanted to, to do football. Would I reconsider if, if if we had a chance to go back? You mean? No, he said is any, if there any experience that made you like, was there a hit? Was there something that transpired?


Oh hell, oh hell nah, hell nah, Nah, No, nothing, nothing there. There's nothing that would make me reconsider, especially when I was playing. Absolutely not. No, Because that, that was my, that was my safe place man. Going to practice being on that field. The camaraderie, the locker room, the shit talk and the fun, the competing, the meetings staying up even though it was cold as hell, like 60 degrees in the meeting rooms. Oh, I, I, I wouldn't trade that for the world. I reconsider hell, well, you know what, it's like a chat. Y'all know what it's like to come out that tunnel and, and, and announcer call your name and then you got 65, 60,000 screaming your name, man.


And it's like a, it's like a 42 in Cincinnati Anyway. 60,000 mile high. But no, that's the unbelievable feeling, man. God, Lee, man, stop playing. I, I, I, I, I, I don't, I don't miss it. But nothing can replicate or replace that feeling. Oh, that was dope. Ah, p do Pat Dove said Unc Ocho wasn't EB available before the Raider signed? All those guys, I don't understand. Who is Eb? Eb, I dunno. Oh, well, Joe Shy still about to go eight-ish on the Ravens aint, Yeah.


Yeah. Who? They, you know what it is? Kiva Watson said, please shout out my best friend Daniel. It's his birthday today. Happy birthday bro. Kiva Watson. Okay. Daniel, your boy homeboy said he wanted to wish you a happy birthday. Happy birthday from UNC OCHO in the Nightcap crew. Hopefully you had a very good day. Hopefully your team won and you celebrated with a victory and happy birthday and many, many more to come. Jtt said as a commander fan, how can ownership have so much influence in the team success, especially when the owners are in the gm? You think GM can sign players without the owners? Without the owners' approval? Yeah. Did you hear, did you read that report about what was going on in that organization?


Yeah. Sharpish rolls down top to the bottom, bro. Fish stink, head to tail. Yeah. GMs don't do anything without the owner secret because that's not his money. That's not the GM's money. So you have to run through everything and the owner gets final say. Yeah. Or Nate, it's not an accident. All the coaches that the Raiders, the commanders have had all that dysfunction that was going on.


There's a reason why he had to sell the team. That's not an accident. It was going, it was crazy over there, wasn't it? Oh, Oh, Eric banning me. Okay. Eric banning me. Oh, Joe, it wasn't Eric Benley before the Raiders signed all those guys. Well then they just win UCLA just won a game. So hopefully that, that, that starts them on the right track. Mike had said my 35th birthday is tomorrow the fifth. Didn't think y'all were live Tuesday night. Can I get a shout out Ocho my spirit animal boy, Mike s happy birthday big day trade. You say That boy Trade deadline.


And it's voting day. We're gonna have a new president hopefully on the fifth, maybe roll into the sixth. Hopefully it doesn't roll on until like it happened in 2020. But we're gonna have a new president one way or another and we're gonna have some, some deals in the NFL moving up and down. So Mike s enjoy the day. I know you're gonna have a be you're gonna be very, very busy watching the trade deadline and we're gonna have a new president. So happy birthday bro. Happy 35th. Mike. And I said, is Gino Smith getting his contract renewed? All depends where they select. I mean, I mean I, he plays really well but he makes some mistakes.


Like he that pick that he threw, I'm like, Gino, what the hell did you see? Sometimes it's okay to take a sack, yo. Yeah, he had a little pressure. Take a sack. Yeah. Throw it outta the end zone. Sometimes guys get in, get in trouble. Trying to make too many plays. It's okay. Live to see another day. Yeah, because the last thing you wanna do is make a play for the other team. Denzel Gonzales, uncle Ocho with the Texans win their division. I think so. Yeah. Well we know the t we know the Titans are outta it, Right?


I don't think Jacksonville. So basically it's between the Cols and the T Texas. Me personally, that's what I Think. But also, which Texan team are we seeing? Are we getting the Texan team with a Nico Collins back? They get, they get Nico back. They definitely Win. Oh, but here's the thing right now, CJ Stro got a little sample of what it's like when you don't have no offensive line help. Now he see what now he see what Bryce Young going through in Carolina when you ain't got no protection, He getting hit a lot, bro. He's on paper. He got sacked eight times.


When did eight times, did he got sacked the other night? Or six? I think it was eight. Seven or eight? Yeah. He got sacked eight times. Offensive line makes a big difference. Keppra know what Junior. My question is, who's the best game dunker in basketball in game Dunker? Ocho In game? Yeah. Active right now? No. Who's the, I guess he's trying to say, well, at right now, who you say right now? I would say right, right now I would say Zion. Huh? No. Or or am I tripping Zion or Ant Man?


Hold on. What about, what's the one that could jump, could jump high. Most of 'em can Levine Nah, you from at Portland? Am I is it Portland? Oh, shade and Shark. I can't, I I can't remember name I'm talking about Buddy. Buddy got bunnies boy. Oh, you talking about Is is that him? That's what I'm talking about. I I think that might be him. Well, Vince Carter, I would go Vince Carter. Oh, he, oh, he, no, well all time. I thought He meant all time would be Vince Carter. But if you wanna say right now, I'd probably say Ant man. Ja. Yeah. Yeah. Ja.


Ja like a little got like a little Derrick Rose in him. Yeah, EE Even LeBron, because LeBron is a better endgame dunker than like the dunk contest because power, you seen LeBron dunk on people. He, he doesn't have the creativity like a a a Aaron Gordon or Zack Levine or what we saw Vince do, saw a Jordan. That's not what LeBron is. LeBron is an endgame. Dunker. Right. Another endgame dunker was Sean Kemp. I don't know if you remember Sean Kemp, the Rain man. Me, I don't know. Sean Kemp. Supersonics war number 40. Stop playing man. Oh, Derrick Jones Jr. You talking about the one from Miami? He was in Miami.


Yeah. Hey yeah, bunnies Boy because he was, he was at Dallas last year. Where's he at now? He with the Clippers. Derrick Jones Jr. With the Clippers now. Okay. Okay. I gotta go to a heat game. Yeah. Aaron Gordon. Yeah, the RAs. So is my 22nd birthday. Ocho Lamar sub bowl MVP coming soon. Big Trust. Happy birthday. Happy birthday. What I I, yeah, the Super Bowl. MVP will be nice. The Super Bowl. mv.


Well, yeah. And I think that's the MVP that he wants. He wants the Super Bowl mvp. I think that's what, I think that's the, that's the, the, the the defining factor or the D differentiator. What Lamar is trying to do right now. Ronald. Dan what's up Unc O Joe Ben been with y'all since the beginning. What should the lions give up for Max Crosby? Oh, that's a good one. That's a good Question. I would say a first, I would say a first and a third and a third next year. I like it. And they part, they pardon ways like Moses part of the god damn sea. Jeff be storm. Should we be worried about Caleb Williams?


Would you fire ever flu tonight if you own the Bears? No, I'm not gonna fire somebody in the middle of the season. Do what? You should have made that move last year. Mm. Or this or the off season Ocho, you know, you had the number one pick, you know you was taking a quarterback, so hold On. Not, not only taking a quarterback, you taking the number one pick, right? Yeah. So there gonna be ups and downs. Yeah, I would hope ownership understands that upstairs ain't Finn be all hunky Dorian peaches and cream. There're gonna be some ups. There's gonna be some downs, some trials and tribulations that you're gonna have to deal with with the rookie quarterback. Yes. You, you need a year, maybe two now once you hit that third year when hit that third year now you should make it or break a year.


Yes. Things should, should have improved tremendously in some of the mistakes you he made in a year one. A year two. It should be, mistakes are gonna happen, but it should be two, two limit. Yes. Yeah. Very minimum. I agree. Yeah. Thank you guys for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Please make sure you hit that like button. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. 85. He is a bingo ring of Fame honoree, the legendary Liberty City pro bowler all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Just call him Mocho Guys, make sure you subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Feed wherever you get your podcast from and remember every subscriber counts and we thank you for counting


Check. Check out Shaa by La Portier. We have it in stock and if you can't find it any city or state near you with the holidays coming, Thanksgiving, Christmas, and New Year's, make sure you get your bottle of Shea by the porter and we'll have it to you by the holidays.


Check out my clothing company. 84. Our new release just dropped last week. I was held when I was well shirt. I'll lie for you before I lie to you. T-shirts drop the black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand. Stay with me now. You guys wanted that. We placed that on the back of a hoodie. And of course our bestseller, which is the UNC and OCHO tees. We got a lot of requests for the Ocho UNC tees in black. So guess what? We dropped those on on Friday. Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. The Vikings ended the two game losing streak. 2113 winners over the Colts. The Falcons defeat the Cowboys Dak leaves in the third quarter with a hamstring injury.


Falcons win 27 21, drop the Cowboys to three and five. Zeke was bench made inactive because of some tardiness and missed meetings. Ravens blow out the Broncos. 41 to 10. Lamar Jackson was perfect. 16 or 19 2 83 passing touchdowns. Derrick Henry rushes for over a hundred yards and two touchdowns. The lions defeat the Packers. 24 14 sole possession of first in the NFC North with a seven and one record. Eagles defeat the Jags. 28 23 Saquon hits the move of the day backwards hurdle. 14 yard Devonte Smith.


One handed touchdown as they hang on to beat the Eagles. 28 23 Panthers stunned the Saints 2322. Crystal Lo was stretched off the field, but his brother tweeted. He's in good spirits, he's moving. And so that's great news to hear. What else we got here? Ocho Bengals defeat the Raiders. 41 24 commanders defeat the Giants. 27 22 charges. Blow out the Browns 2017 Rams. Walk it off in overtime. 26 20 over Seahawks and the bills defeat the dolphins 30 to 27 on a 61 yard field goal by Tyler Bass.


As they win 30 27, the Raiders father, OC Oline, coach and quarterback Coach Titans beat the Patriots in overtime 2017. And that's our show for the evening. We'll see you tomorrow night after the game. The Bucks take on the Kansas City Chiefs. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm unc, he's Ocho. We are out. I'm gonna see y'all. I love you. The. Volume


Hey there. It's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America. And with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against, the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.