
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who doesn't? And did you know Oscar Meyers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hardwood? That's a really long time to perfect the smoky flavor. Earlier this year, I was sick and I spent my Sunday watching the Blade Trilogy in full. I was so fascinated with the storyline that I didn't realize. It took me about a half a day to watch every single movie. That's about how long it takes Oscar Meyer to smoke their bacon. 12 hours. That's how long it takes for Kendrick Perkins to touch his toes. I mean, this bacon is cooking for a long time. There's no wrong way to enjoy it. So buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now.


Our iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st T-Mobile Arena here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Cab, Doja Cat, Dua Lippa, Gwen Stefani Halsey Hozier. She's Urban. New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows Thomas Red Victoria Monet in more buy tickets now with A x s.com. Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of ika, A daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women. History has forgotten.


Who doesn't love a sports story? The rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the Sprinter fighting for Aboriginal rights. Listen to on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, The Volume, The 82 Game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at DraftKings Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin Tournament through the finals. DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more.


Download the Drafting Sports Book app use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino, and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance.


See dk eng.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions. Terms and responsible gaming resources. The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch Right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime app actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices. Views from your seat. The lowest price guarantee Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose to seat the lowest price guaranteed. Or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime.


Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed. Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the Route Runner extraordinaire. Yes, the bingo ring of Fame Honoree. Yes. The legendary all pro Pro Bowl receiver. Yes. From Liberty City.


That's Ad Ochocinco Johnson And. we want to personally thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. Thank you. Please make sure y'all hit that like button. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Guys, thanks for joining us. We came back over a week, over a week ago and you guys have been lock Stocking Barrel with us just like you've been from the very beginning. Guys, please make sure you go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every podcast subscriber counts and help. And thank you for helping us take over the charts. That was our goal, to bring you great content that you appreciate, that you enjoy, that you find informative and entertaining. So thank you you guys for being such great loyal listeners and subscribers.


Please go check out my Shea by La Porter. We're taking pre-orders. We have it in stock so it'll get shipped to you in a in a couple of days. Please go follow my media company's page on all platforms. That's she Shea Media and my clothing company 84. The link to Nightcap merchants pinned at the top of the chat. Use code discount applies on everything. Hopefully. Thankfully everyone has received their merch by now. And thank you. Hopefully you enjoy the quality. We got more pieces coming out in the very, very near future OCHO before we get to today's Olympics. Yes sir. Today. Today we need to talk. Yes sir. We gotta talk. Okay. We gotta talk ocho, you and I, what's happening?


I think it was Monday. Yeah. Was it Monday? I think it was it Monday? Was it Monday or Sunday? It was Monday. It was Monday. Okay. Okay. Sunday. It was Sunday ocho it was Sunday. Okay. Yes sir. 'cause we were looking at the discrepancy between Yes sir. Some countries playing what they pay. Gold medal. Gold medal recipients and what the US paid. And you And I was like, man, that's a damn shame you and I listed because track and field is our favorite Olympic event. That it, we listed. We listed. I said no allows Ari Richards. Yes sir. Rob Benjamin, Sidney McLaughlin. Yes sir. If you win gold, I got 25,000 ocho.


You then said, I'll match that. I got, I got 25,000, I'm gonna match it. Then later in the thing I said, you know what I like Grant Holloway. He and I kind of dm, you know, I'm congratulating him on being world champion three times. So he and I kind of going, been going back and forth over the years. Not recently, but over the years. Yes sir. He, Hey, thanks for the support. I really love what you guys do. And I say, and I threw in Grant Holloway. I said, yes sir. Grant Holloway wins gold medal. I got 25,000 for him. Somehow a lot of news articles said Chad Johnson and o Ochocinco Johnson and Shannon Sharpe said they'll pay 25,000 for any American that wins gold when that's not what we said.


So they took what we said outta context without listening. That's why sometime when you read you gotta proofread and use one finger. Yes. And see like, hey, like when I read, a lot of times when I read on your, I'm using my finger, make, make sure I'm going. Everyone received their me by now. The reviews are expected. Thank you guys for the, and hopefully the quality is meet meets your standard. Yeah, that's what we said. I did say any American that sets a world record. I got 50 men. I said, any American, Hey weightlifting. I don't care what it is, running a bed, whatever the case may be. Yes sir.


I'll come. I'm coming outta my pocket with all of it anyway. We are coming outta my own pocket. This our own pocket. We ain't got no sponsor saying, okay, y'all do this. Nah, And, we gonna funnel the money through y'all. That's not what we're doing. This is our own money. And if five Americans sent world records, okay, obviously they're gonna get gold. So they gonna get 75,000 whatever, five times 75 million. Yes Sir. That's what we said. I don't know where the confusion, I don't think What what what I, what, what, what, what, what? What's, what's being confused? What's being confused? What's confusing? We named the events. We named the people, But sometimes Chicago region, sometimes We go ahead.


Yep. Sometimes when you say things, people hear what they want to hear. Sometimes when you say things, people what they hear, what they want to hear and then make it bigger than what it really is. Instead of listening to the facts in which you had stated. But go ahead, I'm gonna let you finish. Oh, Joe, we named the people. Yes Sir. If that was the case, why even why, why even throw out any names? Because clearly they're not the only Americans that's in track and field. We took 591 athletes. Yes sir. So clearly there there are more than just track and field athletes. There's table tennis, there's badminton, there's shooting, there's the triathlon, there's a marathon.


There's so many events. We specifically named the ones And. we caught some flack because people said those athletes have endorsements. Ocho. So why are y'all doing that for them? My retort was, look, those are my favorite events. The world's fastest man. The world's fastest Woman. Woman. Yes sir. 'cause I've kind of been going back and forth with the Jamaicans. Now we found out today Ika Jackson pulled outta 100 meters. Yes. She's still in the 200 meters. Right? We gonna talk about that. That's what I said. We said they were, I said, we said, I said 25,000 for four people.


I later came back and added Grand Holloway. You said I'll match it. Yeah. I say cool, fine. And then I wake and then I, I said, Ash, do you see this? Ash said what I said, they said we're gonna pay 25,000 for any American that wins the gold medal. Yeah. That wasn't what we said. We said, I said that any American that breaks a world record record. Right. I'll run you 50 bands. Now this is the thing. Now this is the thing. If any one of our last names happen to be, happen to be Bezos or happen to be Gates or Slim for that matter, then I'm talking about Carlos Slim.


Carlos Slim. Yeah. That are in the chat. Who you talking about Then if we have 509 1 athletes, as generous as I am, as generous as UNC is, and you know, I don't spend no money. So you know, I'm not playing when it comes to the business of those that are representing our country. Then hell, if we got 509 1 athletes, anybody can go. I definitely You think the pop got 25? I five, I got 105 on top of what you get. Look. Oh man. Shh. Boy, listen, what God knew what he was doing not blessed me with that kind of money. Like Betos and Gates. 'cause everybody that won gold at the year at USAI would've made the goddamn bonus. I would've made it a million. That would've been nothing. Right. So that's where we are.


Sorry for any confusion on your part. I said, any American that breaks a world record, I'll run your 50 bands regardless of the event. I ocho and I said, we'll pay 25,000. We name the athletes, go back and listen to the footage and see what we said. So I want to apologize for any confusion on my part on OCHO part or what you thought you may have heard. We ain't trying to duck nothing. Yeah. Like I said, if not, if 10 Americans set world records, that's 500,000 that's coming outta my pocket.


Plus the plus the No, no, no, no. As said no any American. I'm gonna run you your money. Yeah. I like it. If you said world, you, you, the fact you shouldn't even have to apologize. You shouldn't have to apologize because You said I don't. You said what you said. You said what you said. And people say, Simone broke a record. I didn't say for breaking a record. I said a world record record. Yes sir. She doesn't have the most medal. She doesn't have the most Olympic medal. Laa Latina does. Man, look, I'm not going back and forth with y'all. Y'all not fitting to tell me how to spend my money. Okay. Oh, come on now. Oh, Joe and I saying track and field. Okay, y'all up? Yeah. Y'all pick y'all event and then y'all say whatever, whatever athlete, whether, whatever the case may be, boxing, wrestling, TaeKwonDo, judo, Greco, Roman wrestling freestyle.


Right? Y'all say, you know what? I got an extra thousand. I got an extra 2,500. Yeah. I'm not gonna go back and forth with y'all. I know what I said. Listen, I'm gonna stand by what I said. Shakira Richardson, Shaki, Noah, Noah ly sitting in Gloucester Just to seat, Who else did we say? Benjamin Grant? Holloway. Yeah. Those are the five. Yeah. You win gold. I'm gonna run you 25,000. One of you guys set the world record. I'm gonna send you 75,000 OCHO gonna run you. So that's a hundred thousand on top of the gold medal. Plus what the US gonna give you for winning gold. Yeah. That'ss where we're right now. I ain't Finn to go back and forth with y'all. Right. And the funny thing is the fact that we're doing something good out the graciousness of our heart, you know, out of our hard earned money.


You know, this ain't no free money. Money ain't growing off trees now, you know, I got 50 11 goddamn kids I gotta take care of. I got a misses I gotta take care of. And they turn it into a negative when we just trying to, we just trying to show love because we don't think the US set a precedent on representing our country and being compensated in a manner that represents us in general. That's all. That's all baby. Because here's the thing, Ocho, you know how it is. No good deed goes unpunished. Yes sir. No good deed goes, you know, moving forward, you know what we're gonna do, Ocho, I should, that's on me because I should have handled it like I have all the stuff.


Anything I do, you never hear about it. Because the one thing that I always ask the organization in which I give to, or the school I give to, or the foundation that I give to you could never say where this money came from. Mm. I should have kept my damn mouth. Yet we could have, we could have had this conversation offline. Ocho ocho, you know what if Rob Benjamin wins, if Sidney McLaughlin wins, if Noah Eli Shaki or Grant Holloway, let's come together, let's give 'em 50 an extra 55. If they wanna mention something about, I would prefer y'all don't mention anything about it, but hey, if you wanna mention it, that's on you. That's what we should, that's on me Ocho because I'm very, very private in that aspect. I do give every, you don't do anything for your community.


You don't know what I do because they're under strict instructions not to tell. Because I don't do things for you to, oh man, you see what Shannon Sharpe did you see what UNC did? That's not why I did. Yeah. I mean, we got caught in the moment though. We, we got caught in the moment. We did. And talking about the topic on what we were getting compared to other countries. Yes. So in the moment of everything, then that's what we decided to do. Right? That, that, that's all. So that there, there's no fault in that. And there's no reason to apologize for doing something good out the graciousness of our heart. Based on what we saw in that moment. Kayla Ledecky had the Kayla Ledecky broke the Olympic record. She did not break her world record. So y'all just throwing stuff out there.


Had she broken the world record, I would've gotten her information. I have an outstanding agency. I'm represented by WMEI guarantee you they could have got Kay Deck's information. Kay Ledecky would've gotten her money. Anybody that, any American. In any event, you break a world record, I'm gonna run you your money. It's really that simple. Yeah. But the five people that we mentioned, if you win gold OCHO and I got 50,000 combined for you, that's the end of that. I'm not gonna discuss it anymore. I know what I said. I know what I ocho I know what you said. I know what we were trying to do. But like I said, no good deed goes unpunished ocho.


Yeah, let's move it alone. Say You better than me. You better than me because I wouldn't explain nothing. You, you, you, you better, you better than me. I wouldn't explain nothing shit About me for you. I mean, I, I, I like, I like to, I like, you know what, because sometime I knew because I know what I said. Well, if that was the case, why the hell did we lift track and field? Why do we call out? Why did, why didn't I say Ryan k Crowder? Why didn't I say Valerie Oman? Why not say Bryce Hoppel? Why did not name anybody else? Why not say Emma Hall? Why did not say why, why didn't I say any? Why didn't I say I didn't say Kenny Bonner.


I didn't say Ga. I didn't say, I didn't say Gabby Thomas. I didn't say they wanna hear, we said specific names for a reason. They, they hear what they want their Name. I didn't say Caleb Dressel. I didn't say Caleb Ledecky. So if that's the case, so why are we saying, why are we calling our specific names? Names? It's like you are in a classroom. You are not supposed to blurt out the answer. You're supposed to when you raise your hand, the teacher calls your name. If she calls your name, she's talking to you. Yes, sir. Unless there's more. I mean, I was in a classroom. We had three Ricky. So, and you know, she had to be Ricky this, Ricky that Ricky there. But man, I'm moving on.


Oh, Joe, let's move on. I'm hype. Team. USA beats South. Sudan 1 0 3 to 86. Jason Tatum started after not playing in the game against Serbia. He had four points. Joel Embiid, who started against Serbia did not play at all. Bam. By bam. Ba high score. Excuse me. LeBron James finished with 12 points, seven rebounds and five assists. He became the third player in US history to score over 300 points for the national team in his career joining KD and Kevin Durant, Steph Curry struggled from the floor. He was one of nine from the field, scored just three points and he missed all six of his three point tries.


Ocho What? What's up Will have to do a better job. How For what? You don't play Jason Tatum. None. You started left right. Do l and b starts and not this game. You don't play him. None. Can we find a balance? Ocho I think the balance is, you gotta think about this unc. So Jason Tatum didn't play right? Right. Think about mbi his knees. He might be still a little injured. Might be a little hobbled. He, he started last game. Okay. Sitting in this game, the bench is so strong. We, we talk about we have the best players. We, the USA playing on this team. Sometimes you could sit and you could, you could pick up the production from other places. Katie didn't play fairly well.


Steph Curry didn't play fairly well, but everyone else around him did. KD was, Katie had 14 points. He was two or five. He wasn't score too high. He got but he was two or from the line three point line. He was eight nine from the free throw line in the Line. Bing. That's what the points Came from. Yeah. So we had 14, they got eight 18 points off from Bam off the bench. Yeah. They got 13 points from Antman off the bench. They got 10 points. Who? Man, Derek White was three for three from the three point line. They got 10 points from him off the bench. Devin Booker Chip did with 10. LeBron James Chip did with 10. Anthony Davis had eight. So they're, they look, It's coming from every widow. You're getting points from every, from everybody everybody's putting in there.


Isn't anybody dominating the game week in and week out when they do play that? I think that's the great thing in, the exciting thing about this team is you don't know who's gonna have the hot hand. Even if a person doesn't have the hot hand, everybody's scoring and contributing in their own way. I think Are we gonna talk about Jason Tatum when he said, look, I won the championship. I got a 300,000, a $300 million contract. Yes sir. I'm on cover A 2K Sports Illustrated. He said, yeah, it was very humbling. Oh, He said it was, he said it was very humbling. Mm. Talking about not playing an entire Right. Ocho you mean think about it. Ocho Yeah. I give prime example Walter Peyton rest his soul.


Walter Peyton was so upset because on the one yard line, think about all the years when all they had right was Walter Payton. Yes, sir. You get the ball on the one yard line and you turn around and you bring refrigerator Perry in the game and you don't let Walter, how many times have you seen Walter Payton go over the top O Joe Every time And you So he should be Oh, they what? Yeah, That's Walter Payton. He ain't getting outta the top two or three of greatest running backs ever. And nobody really thought this coming in the early seventies because when they were lean years and they really had nothing, he was the best player and he was the best, one of the best players in the NFL sir.


And you mean to tell me, and you know, this is it for him. He's at the end of the line. ocho. Yes sir. You not gonna get in that man, that ball at the one yard line Ocho Yeah. Hell shoot. We we got another, we got another example of that. Now, I'm not sure if it's a humbling experience, but hell, it cost a team of Super Bowl on the one yard line. Thank you. Over there in Seattle. I'm not sure who made that call, but if I was Russell Wilson, I would've had two Super Bowls and now would've overrode the call that came in to throw that ball on. That switch on that, on that switch release. Yeah. Oh no, I'm, I'm at, at the line of scrimmage with the game on the line. I'm giving it to the beast. I'm giving it to, I'm handed it off to Marshawn Lynch. Hey Ojo.


I'm pointing my head saying I can't hear what you called. Hey on, Man. It sound like bull to me. What? Super bird on the line. Twitch release on the one yard line. There's, there's not even any room to run the play. O Joe. You know Brandon Browner? Yeah. Once you see Brandon browner in a press position, it's over. Play is off. It's off. Because the whole objective is for him to run interference. Yeah. Once he can't run interference. Malcolm Butler got a be line. See, once Butler doesn't have to bubble it's over. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


It's just like, it's just like when you trying to run a pick you, what you trying to do o don't say pick rub. When you trying to run a rub round Ocho. Yes. You're trying to make the guy bubble gotta bubble Round. Yeah. But if the guy can jet it, you done. Yeah. You gotta be able to push the guy to make him go over the top once. He ain't gotta go over the top and he can jet that. He can come up underneath it. Yeah. The play once, once I look at this and I look in the slide, I'm like, oh hell we done. Yeah, because Brandon, Brandon Brown, you know, he gonna press and he gonna hold and they gonna let you hold because he inside, he inside the five yard mark five. So even if he is holding like, like he normally does, they gonna call it Uhuh.


Not in that situation. So people you got, oh, that's, I'm, I'm telling you guys, a lot of times when Ocho and I talk about certain things we're talking about through personal experience, we're talking about guys that played at an extremely high level. OCHO is a multiple time all pro, a multiple time Pro Bowl player. Myself, I'm a multiple time all pro, a multiple time Pro Bowl player. I'm in the pro football hall of Fame. I'm a first team all decade player. I'm not telling you something, I'm telling you, I, I know how I would've felt. And these guys that I'm talking about, they're greater and more accomplished than I. The greater the, the greater the person, the more pride he or she has.


I'm tell, I'm not telling you what somebody told me. I'm telling you what I know, What I know. I've spoken, I've spoken to a lot of guys that have a lot more cache, has more Pro Bowls and all pros and are greater than Shannon Sharpe will ever could have ever been. And I'm telling you, they never say stuff pri publicly, but I'm telling you what they've shared. I'm telling you guys that bother Jason Tatum for you to say, oh, all he wants to do is win. What y'all really believe that? No, y'all don't. Y'all just wanna go against what Ojo And I say that's what y'all want to do. Y'all don't believe that. Just like Marshawn Lynch, he was hurt.


He's like, hold on. Yeah, I done ran y'all ass down here. Y'all been giving it to me. And now we won Yard. Not to say to Tom Brady does get the ball ass Ocho ain't no guarantee, but put him in a situation where he gotta go get a touchdown to beat you. He gonna get it. He gonna get, he gonna get it. Okay. He gonna get it. I wanna see him get it. I tell you what, did not, what's not gonna happen. We not gonna lose the game with Tom Brady on the sideline. How about that? Yeah, How about that on Joseph? It's crazy. If Tom Brady, if I lose a game with Tom Brady on the field, hell, he done did it to so many other people. But there been very few times that you've seen New England Patriots won a game in which Tom Brady wasn't on the field, the field.


Right. Or he did something to put them in position. Yeah. We've seen Adam ve Terry kick those two field goals against St. Louis and against Carolina. We've seen him do that. Yeah. We've seen him put Koski in situation. But normally Brady has had some hand in it In it When he didn't have nothing to do. Oh hell no. That's crazy, man. That's crazy. Dave's Killer Bread was built on the belief that second chances can change lives when its founder Dave, the guy with the guitar you see on every loaf returned to the family bakery after 15 years in prison. That's why at Dave's Killer Bread, they proudly practice Second Chance employment, hiring the best person for the job, regardless of criminal background.


Visit Dave's Killer bread.com to learn more and look for Dave's Killer Bread in the bread aisle of your local grocery store. Dave's Killer Bread, bread amplified our IHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st. Streaming live only On Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas rtt, Victoria Monet and more. Get Tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One Right now before they sell Out@axs.com. Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast.


Through sharing insightful stories and experiences on purpose aims to inspire growth, connection and a deeper understanding of ourselves and others. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe. Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom, the challenges he faced, the losses he endured, and his unwavering commitment to helping others and staying true to his values. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you have. What they want to know is what did you do for the people you know, we happy for you. You're successful, you're living a great life, but what did you do?


How did you come back and give to the community? How did you come and change lives? How did you mentor people Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one. So ocho, we got some beat with the United States gymnastics after winning yet another Olympic gold medal team, USA women's gymnastic on Tuesday, Simone Biles called out her 2021 Olympic team, weight on an Instagram casing her post with lack of talent, lazy Olympic champ.


This stems from MyKayla Skinner criticizing the new roster of American Women's gymnasts, specifically calling out their lack of talent and work ethic. Let's listen to what she had to say. Okay. But besides Simone, I feel like the talent in the depth just isn't like what it used to be. I just noticed like, I mean obviously a lot of girls don't work as hard. The girls just don't have the work ethic. Like, and it's hard too because of SafeSport, like coaches can't get on athletes and they have to be really careful what they say, which in some ways is really good. But at the same time, to get to where you need to be in gymnastics, you do have to be, I feel like a little aggressive and a little intense because I feel like, you know, Russia's not gonna be there so they don't have to have the stress of Russia.


And then what other teams really are there? I mean there's a lot of teams that have gotten better and have gotten stronger, but I feel like no matter what, as long as we do a decent job will be fine. Even just some of the other girls that fell twice and still ending up in second place in the all around just kind of crazy to me. Is it Ley or Heley? Heley. Okay. I mean, oh, she blocked. Oh, she blocked her. Yeah. Yeah. Hey there. I mean there was no need for that. There was, there was no need for that. The young ladies that they took to the Olympics was the best that they had. Alright. Maybe it is a little different. Maybe you can't coach as hard as you want to anymore in order to get there.


You got to have some type of work ethic or you wouldn't even be a part of the goddamn team. Especially in gymnastics. Hold on. So how did she, how did McKayla was gonna, that's a teammate. Ocho. Yeah. Our teammates might be dead ass wrong, bro. You wrong. But put outwardly we gonna support you not finna talk about old man Nightcap. Man. Ocho you not finna talk about ocho. That's my partner. Yeah. Yeah. What, what Kind of, what kind is that? So she thought, even now think about it. She said outside of Simone, but Simone's like no, ain't no outside. We're the USA women's gymnastic team.


Yeah. You notice it saying it didn't say anything about the United States. Simone Biles, they said to the United States gymnastics team, which means Charles and, and Lee and all those young ladies, they're a part of the team. So she took it as a slight to say, well, hold on. You're criticizing my teammates. Yeah, most definitely. Most definitely. And you didn't, you didn't even have to say that publicly. You didn't even have to make that, you didn't have to make that. There was no need for that. If anything, constructive criticism, if anything. How about support? So think about what she did. Ocho she since deleted the video from YouTube, but she had time to block Simone. So you had, so you took time. So you have you had a lot of time what you had today, Ms. Skinner.


Yeah. You took time. You like, let me delete that. She probably got, how many views did she have on that thing as at the time with delete? We won't know now because she deleted, but I'm sure she had a, I'm sure she had, because everybody was talking reckless about Simone Biles. Oh, of course she quit. Oh, she, this, she was trending. That was talking about the woman's hair. How you thought, see, did you think It open? Listen, it opens up when you do something like that, it opens up a whole nother can of worms that has nothing to do with gymnastics in general and what they're doing out there in Paris. But who, lemme ask you a question, Ocho, I'm gonna give you one guess. Who do you think was making comments about Simone Bow's hair? Man. Who else? Now you know, I, I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm I'm not into debating, but who else? Exactly.


You Know who So what You so what She supposed to go out there with a full lay front. That thing. Ain't that. Come on man. Come on People. Shit. Y'all wanna have a knife. Y'all wanna have some what they call them French, French mani with them French nails. Right, Right, right, right. Well, how the hell she gonna do all that tumbling? Hold onto that bar. Come on the do all that flipping with, with a full set of nails and la front. The first time she hit that, the first time she hit one of the flips. That thing gonna go into one of the judges head. Man, we need to stop, man. We need to stop fighting fault. Especially with our old man. Yeah, I always did. She's the Best. She's the best.


You can make a case that she might be the best gymnast male or female in the history of the game. She's American, she's African American, black American, whatever you wanna call. She has an unbelievable story putting a foster care because her mom was dealing with some in issues adopted by maternal grandparents. Man, that took all of man, it was amazing. She has an amazing story. Yeah. And so, and so, you know what? This is our opportunity. Let's talk about her hero. Man, look at that hairstyle. Really, really, that's where we are Now. You know, you know one thing they gonna do? Whoever's at the top, they gonna nitpick. Now, you know, they gonna, they gonna find something. They gonna always find something no matter what what? No matter what. That's why, that's why her even coming out with a video like that and not understanding the ram ramifications and the consequences of what she was doing, chastising everybody, you know, they, they, they, they gonna talk about white Y'all.


Right? They said the same thing about Gabby Dub Gabby Douglas. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. What she won was that in 2012, the nicknamed of the Flying Squirrel, they about, oh, she coulda, bro. Do y'all realize in sports, especially in sport like that, man, them women trying, they, they going out there. Y'all don't say nothing about guys. Y'all don't be telling the guys need to get their hair done, let the women compete. And then when she wants to go out with a, with, I don't know if Gabby Douglas is mad, but when Simone goes out with a husband and they step out, I'm sure her hair is laid. Yeah. She'd have probably spent three, four hours at the hairdresser.


Is that what it still, they still call them hairdresser? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm sure my age. O cho that He hair salon. Hair salon, hair salon, Salon. I'm sure Salon my age. O cho that Yeah. The hair, the hair salon. Oh man. Ocho lemme tell you a story, Ocho. Yeah. Yes Sir. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm busy than I'm in Vegas last couple of weeks and, and seeing if I like it. Thinking about moving, moving here. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. Time out, time out, time out. You done started off a story in breaking news that you wear No, I'm in Vegas. I ain't, I ain't here yet, but I'm seeing if I gonna like it. So why you ain't, I couldn't get an invite to va. I I You don't, you don't like I like Vegas. I mean, since I've been here in the three weeks that I've been here trying to figure out whether I'm gonna like it.


Right. The average temperature's been between 1 0 5 and one 20. Okay. I like, I like the heat. I like the sun. Yeah. I like the Tan. It doesn't bother me because when I go outside, I got on, I got on my hoodie, you know, I got on my long sleeves and everybody looking at me like I'm crazy. Right. So, so ocho you know, I need to get my nails done. I got got something going on tomorrow. I gotta shoot a commercial. So I said, you know what, I'm gonna go get my nail commercial. I gotta shoot, I'm gonna get my nails done. So I said, you know what, I'm gonna go in this little, I'm gonna go in this little Asian shop. Ain't nobody gonna know me. It's probably about five 30 in the afternoon. Ain't nobody, nobody. So I go in there, I said, yeah, I'd like to get a manicure and pedicure. They said it'd be 20 minutes. I was like, nah, I'm good. So I get to the car and remember I told you I'm trying to work on patience.


That's one thing. Right. And I'm starting to drive off. And the thing said, Shannon walk in appointments are welcome. They didn't say you was gonna walk your black ass in and sit right in the chair. Right. I cut the car off, I go back inside. Right. I said, ma'am, I'll wait, I'll wait. I said, ma'am, I'll wait 20 minutes. Yep. There we go. She said, there we go. Ocho. About five minutes later, the lady comes whisper to me, you from the tv? I said, excuse me ma'am Ocho. I said, excuse me ma. She said, you The au Hold on hold. Let me, let me, let me, let me put things into perspective. You in a, in a, in a Asian spot. A Asian nail salon. Yes. Hey, well you know you're famous now.


Boy, go ahead. So she comes and she, she say you from the tv? Yeah. I said, excuse me ma'am. She say, I see you on tv. I know you okay. Okay. I Say, damn ocho. So by, so like two, three minutes later, the other five come, they pull they phone out. They done Google me. They done pulled me up. Yeah. Ocho I'm taking videos, I'm taking pictures. I'm talking. Yeah. You good now you good. So now anytime you go there, anytime you go there, you good. If there is a line, if there is a wait, guess what? You ain't got to wait no more.


And so the lady that's, that, that, that did me, because normally I, I mean, and they, they did it. She did a great job. Her name right, her, her American name, because obviously she got one of those Asian that come here probably like 15, 17, 18, 20. Let alone she say my name, she say Maria. Hey. Hi, how you doing? I'm good. I'm my little track running from Kentucky. Oh, Okay. So hold y'all. So the the one that did my nails, she say I no, not no good English. So I saw I couldn't talk. I said That's perfect, thank you. But she oh Joe, but she say my name Maria.


Okay. I said, how your name Maria, you, you talking about you don't speak Maria. So she got a, she got a card and a work card at the back of the thing. Right. Man, that thing got got VH ZU I'm like, I don't know. I don't know what a real name is. I couldn't believe that man. I just, man, I just put my head down. That lady came over to me. I'm just sitting down and she said, you from the tv. I Say, Hey listen, listen that, that's the testament now that's the testament to the hard work and everything you put in and the the visibility. The exposure and you crossing over to be able to go into an agent establishment and everyone recognize who you are. Man, shit, I, I wish, Hey now, now you somebody, now you can go to Korea.


Remember you, you, you spun that globe. Hey, you can go to Korea 'cause they know who you are. So Ocho, I'm getting gas and the lady drive, you know, one of these vehicle, they help like the elderly or the disabled people, they go around and pick them up, take 'em to the appointments where they have a doctor's form or something like that. So I pumping gas, I got my head down. She's like, Hey, can I take a picture? I say, yeah. How'd you? She said, I just watched you in o ocho the other night. On, on on. Yeah. Wait, wait, what, what, what age grew? We talk about you think what age grew? We talk About she probably, she probably in, she in her late twenties. She was in her late twenties, early Thirties. Yeah. Okay. Okay.


They be and they be, they be, they be watching Watch it. They Watching. Hey, I be going through, I be going through the airport. I'm talking about every age group senior. I don't, I hate saying senior citizens, but I'm talking about 65, 70. Oh yeah, for Sure. And you know The young, you know, listen, the younger folks locked in our NFL. Our NFL colleagues. The younger generation. Yeah. Oh, they all locked. Hey, they locked in, huh? Yeah, they locked in the, on, on the airplane. I, I, I, I flew Frontier, I could tell you this. I flew Frontier because it, it, it was, it was inexpensive. I was going to Cleveland. I would just turn, it was the turnaround $40. The only problem with Frontier, they can't compete with Spirit because they don't have wifi. But anyway, it was the great experience. Y don't Either, But don't do that. Hey, but listen, all the flight attendants the pilot.


Well we like you and unc. Oh yeah. Everybody is watching. And this is, this ain't, this ain't just black folk. We talking about every demographic. Yes. Every demographic. Yes. And I'm like, you know what we doing So we doing something right. We doing something right. Yeah. Because everybody tuned in. Because I told you, when I, when Ashton and I, we went, when the first trip to New York, the pilot got the pilot. You know the pilot's normally stick. The pilot got, he beat the US up. Unc what? Go with lobster. I said, man, the pilot, you know the pilot normally to stay seated, let everybody else get off. Right, right. When the pilot came out that thing and say, Hey unc go with lobster, but you man, I'm black. Hey, it was, it was to, to see like, I'm thinking like, ain't nobody gonna know me here and Ocho.


Right. And then the rest of them, they come with they phone. They done Google me. Yeah. They they got you pulled up. This you right here. They got you pulled up. Yeah. I say I can I ask you a question? Yeah. Did you get any phone number? There ain't no phone number. Man. Ain't no, you ain't never, you ain't never, you ain't never dated Asia? No. Okay. I'm, I'm just, I'm just checking Foul. I know. I'm, listen. When you, when you eat, when you eat a bag of Skittles, you only pick one color. When you eat a bag of Skittles, you only pick No, you, you, you, you taste the rainbow. Right. Well, ain't nothing. I mean, you try something different. I, I Think I'm a little, I think I'm a little bit too big. I think, I'm think I'm my size. I think I'm a little bit intimidating for It.


Ain. They ain't worried about that. You eat, you eat sushi, right? No You don't. Well, you can start, you can start. That would've been a perfect date, but go ahead. Okay. Oh Joe, check this out. A Brazilian swimmer who was sent home from Paris was sneaking out of Athlete's village with her boyfriend is considering legal action against her country. National Federation. Anna Carolina Vira Vira Vira. Vira Vira, yeah. Was Allegedly caught trying to lead the village with a boo. Gabrielle Santos, after Brazil finished seventh in the four by one a hundred meter freestyle relay. The pair was reprimanded by the Brazilian Olympic Committee, which called their actions disrespectful and aggressively challenging and took a radical step of banishing them from the game.


Huh? I mean, hold on. I have a question. Yeah. Gabrielle Santos, Anna Carolina. Yeah. You know you're going to the Olympics, you understand the focus it takes and represent Brazil, represent your country. Yes. You got three weeks, y'all already been together. Yes. You got three weeks to lock in and focus. So for one, I'm gonna blame the boyfriend. I'm gonna blame the boyfriend. 'cause you already know, you already know the importance of why you're there. Yeah. And represent your country. You already came in seventh in a four by one. So that wasn't good. Oh. So obviously somebody, somebody, hey, somebody not focused, somebody not, you mean you can't take three weeks to sacrifice your relationship to chill, to let her focus or to let him focus.


Matter of fact, it's her. Let her focus and do her thing. It's only three weeks. She ain't up there that long. Man. We in Paris together after The Olympics is over May that, that the, the Olympic village probably overlook at Eiffel Tower. You I'm just saying. I'm just saying. I mean, listen, they got rules and regulations that you have to abide by, especially with the pressure and the magnitude of the event and what you're doing and what is going on and who you're representing. I can be celibate for three weeks and focus and lock in. I'm gonna see you. We already a couple. There's no need to be venturing off knowing you not supposed to do it. Oh, You right on.


Come on man. That's on her. Or maybe that's on him. That's, that's on him. Matter of fact. But not saying, baby, listen, let's focus. Let me let you lock in. I'm gonna always be here. You got the rest of the year, Man. You know I put that pressure on you. You like girl, girl, stop. No, I don't stop. No, go ahead on. No, come on now. Nah, Because at that point, if she can't focus on that and she can't focus for three weeks, three weeks on something as important as representing your country and swimming and locking in and she's a liability. She's a liability. Oh, he's a liability. One of the other for not Telling her Ocho a liability. Ocho, they had them finish seven.


There was nothing else. It wasn't like they finished seventh and they had, and they, they went for a little wrong. They had on finished seventh. Well, you know what, if you finish seventh, nobody should be having sex anyway. What you reward yourself For? I told I gotta take out my frustration on something. I gonna win something. Hey, hey, I like d say I'm leaving with something. Oh, I'm winning something. Or I'm getting the gold medal. I better get a gold medal in that. I be that record. I'm record time. The importance of where I'm at, the importance of what I'm doing is bigger than the relationship that I have. That's gonna be there.


That's gonna be there. Ocho this is every, this is every four Years. Lemme ask you a question. This is Every four Years you go to the Super Bowl, y'all lose the game. And then after the game that night, you ain't gonna do nothing. You ain't gonna shake no cup before Doc. Nah. 'cause I'm gonna be upset about losing the game. I still need my two, I need my 24 hours to mourn the loss because I understand how hard it is to get to the Super Bowl. And if I, if I, if we make it And, we don't win 24 hour rule. Unc, you know about the 24 hour Rule. I'm gonna shake the covers for Dar shh, where the game goes. Hey. Oh no. Come on you. You better, you better than me. Nah, I'm, I'm I be, I be hot bro.


I be hot. Hey, listen, I'm, I'm not even from Brazil and I'm kind of mad that they not even focused and you came in seven But Carnival, you see, you know what they look like. Yeah. Oh yeah, I know what it look like. I know what it look like. Ain't none MyBusiness. You can't, you mean you can't lock in for three weeks? Oh, yeah. Can't what you want It, it obviously isn't over. So you, so hold on. So you telling me you want me to wait to get all the way back from Brazil before I shake the covers? Well, you gotta at least wait till the Olympics is over. That Olympics is over. My events are over. Hold on. But, but then there would be no reason to be taking legal action against the federation if your events is over.


I'm obviously She must still be There. Hold Oh, they Sent them home. Anything. Do they got anything? They have more being scheduled. They had to or they wouldn't have sent 'em home. That's why she wanted, that's why she's singing illegal action. I know she got some more events. Oh, shoot. See, told you now you you not not they done sent you ass home. She might, She about to swim fast. Oh man, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm locked in. You, you think I'm a be you think I'm a be in let, let's say let's, for example, prime example, I'm representing the US and I'm on a national swim team for the USA and Rel come down there and I'm, and I'm in the village and rel hit me and say, boy, let's take a stroll.


Let's walk real quick and me go off, off. Matter of fact, I ain't doing it. Matter of fact, because of who I'm dealing with, she wouldn't even let me do it. Yeah, for sure. So That's on her partner. Come on man. Okay. He don't, he he don't care nothing about what she doing. There's a bigger picture, a three week picture. They ain't take, they ain't take that shit serious man. What about, she might not have won a medal, but she the one a diamond and that the guy, she ain't got no gold, but she got a diamond put on her. I bet you that. Come on. Come on, man.


I mean, listen, I get different strokes, different folks, tongue cheek Coach Joe. But I, I totally get what you're saying is that for that moment, I mean you trained a lifetime, you probably dreamt of this as a child. Yeah, yeah. As a teenager. And for this moment, and now you're here. And you mean to tell me you can't set aside whatever your selfish plans or agenda. You can't set that aside for a week, two weeks, three weeks. Come on man. Come on now. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yo child, please. Yeah, for sure. I look when it comes out, that's for me. That's how I was Ocho hey the kids, I mean Super Bowl.


Yay. The girlfriends handled the kids. My mom, they came in on Thursday. I went to see them kids like, we wanna go see daddy. My mama said, no. Hell, your aunt, you'll see your daddy after this game. Oh yeah. Everybody had my sister, my mom, my girlfriend. They had already been, Hey, I done gave them money. Take the kids to Disney. Because back then we was in San First we was in San Diego, SeaWorld. Right. Hey, y'all go see Shamu, get them. Give them big ass killer, well stuffed doll. I'll see y'all after the game, Right? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But my, my family, they already know. They, they already know how we get that. Yeah. De depending on what you do, like you have structure.


I have structure and I, I, I stick to that, that structure and that curriculum of whatever it may be that I'm doing right now. I got 39 jobs. Real knows, depending on what I have going on, depending on the day of week, you already know what time it is. I'm not doing that. I'm locked in. I'm focused, whether it be Nightcap or if we have a show, if we, if we have a show and that's something that I have to go over, I need to be locked in on this show. Right. Any horizontal or any horizontal, horizontal or vertical activity is not happening before or after. That show is not, we have a schedule. It's on the refrigerator with sticky notes. These are the timeframes in which we can engage and you can mount me. That's it.


That's it. Anything outside of that, it's not happening. Structure and discipline, everything else is gonna be there. So imagine if I was representing our country Yeah. In any, in any field track, swimming, wrestling, or imagine me playing for the, you know, the back. Oh man, stop playing with me, man. It, it took four years. Four Years. Oh that's the thing. Every four years. Oh, and, but here's the thing, Ocho and it ain't no guarantee that you going get back. Yeah. Yeah. That's the thing. Hey, it ain't no guarantee. Our iHeart Radio Music festival president by Capital One coming back to Las Vegas September 20th and 21st.


Streaming live only On Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila Coveo, Doja Cat, Gwen Stefani, cozier Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shi Booze, the Black Crows Thomas Ret Victoria Monet. Add more. Get Tickets to our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One right now before They sell out@a.com. Hey, I'm Jay Shetty and I'm the host of the On Purpose Podcast. Through sharing insightful stories and experiences on purpose aims to inspire growth, connection and a deeper understanding of ourselves and others. This week I got the opportunity to interview Fat Joe.


Fat Joe shares his life journey from the streets to stardom, the challenges he faced, the losses he endured, and his unwavering commitment to helping others and staying true to his values. You know, when you die, nobody cares what car you drive. Nobody cares what clothes you have. What they want to know is what did you do for the people? You know, we happy for you. You're successful, you're living a great life. But what did you do? How did you come back and give to the community? How did you come and change lives? How did you mentor people Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one. Pocho Katie Ledecky cruised to a victory earning her first Olympic goal at the Paris Games in the Women's 1500 meter Freestyle Ledecky set an Olympic record with a time of 15 minutes, 30.02 seconds. She has not lost this race in more than 14 years. Yeah. And she now owns the 20 fastest times in world history in the event. The other participants are basically maybe just swimming for the silver. 'cause I mean, sometimes like look, you know, like from 2008 to 2016, if you ran the hundred meters at a, on a world, on a global stage.


Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Who got second, who got silver? Because, you know, gonna win. Yeah. You not beating him on in that prime po in that prime pocket years. Hey, same, same with Michael Phelps. Same. Same with Michael Phelps. Yeah. You already knew based on the races that he was running. All right. Which one of us, which one of us Yeah. Is getting is is getting silver. He ain't getting, he ain't getting gold. Has he not? Had he not false. Started in Daegu. Yeah. He gonna go, you know, one, two in the Olympics in 12. In what? In 8, 12, 16.


And he wasn't losing, he lost his last what after. Because he had already said in 2015 after Rio, yeah, the world championship was gonna be his last. So I don't think he still had that same quest. I think he was like, okay, I wanna retire a three time double, you know, the 102, I wanna win the gold and those. Right. I don't think he had the same passion and maybe like, that's a long time. Because if you really think about it, Ocho no man had ever, first of all, they don't normally stay around that long. Right? I mean, you think Carl won in 84, Carl got silver, he later was given the gold because Ben Johnson got caught doping. Right? Right. But nobody else had ever won a hundred Back to back.


Nobody ever won the two. Dang. So not only that's why he's the greatest sprinter. I just, hopefully I'm alive. So we can have a discussion at some point in time that if his sprinter is comparable to him, like we have a discussion, maybe it's Kobe, maybe it's LeBron. When we're talking about Jordan, I just hope I'm alive. We can have a honest, serious discussion Right. About a sprinter that's comparable to him. Because right now there is none. There's none. Right. None. I mean, who's, well, somebody gonna challenge this world record. Not until you break nine, seven. You not, yeah.


Nobody's Running no nine. If you running nine, seven, think about it. You've got to go knock sub nine six. Yeah. He's the only guy that's ever been sub 9, 9, 6, 5. Yeah. Hey, that I don't, I don't you, you know what's funny? I don't think people understand how fast they really are moving. I, I don't think you understand. I think you won't be able to put things in a perspective. 'cause watching from TV is one thing, but watching world-class sprinters come out them goddamn blocks in person and fly by is crazy. And then you look at athletes, you look at NFL players, you look at them run, that's a different company. Some of the fa some of the faster players in the league, even Cheetah Xavier worthy, some of the young bulls that can run outta NFL and it's not even close.


Unc it's not even close. Them boys would be in, in like last, last in the back, in the back last, yeah. Compared to the elite athletes. Yeah. That run track Cheetah too. Heavy Cheetah would need to lose like 30 pounds. He took Musclebound. Yeah. Because what they try to do, they try to get stronger without gaining weight because you wanna be as light as possible. But I I, I'm very fortunate To see, I saw, I was at the Olympic trials where Michael Johnson won the, he won the 400, he qualified in the 400 and that was the year that he was gonna try to do the double.


And he ended up breaking the world record. He ran 1966 to break Pietro Menina of Italy world record of 1972. That had stood since what, 72, 73. I think that's when man Manina set the record. But you know, you, you're right. Ocho, you got some things you just have to see for yourself to get a, to get a, to, to, to get a sense of like I was at in Atlanta, I saw the home run derby and to see just how far they hit that baseball. As a matter of fact, the All Star game in 2008, Josh Hamilton, when he hit it outta old Yankee Stadium.


Yeah. You Wait out of the, out of the stadium, Out the old Yankee Stadium. Anybody, do y'all guys remember that? Yes. Out of the stadium. Yeah. To see bonds and to see So Sosa and see Grippy. I got an opportunity to see Griffey play up close and personal in 99. That one of the first time they had inter league play, they was playing the Rockies. And so I, Hey, you know me, Ocho, I go knock on the, hey. I go knock on the club out door, guy over the door. He's like, Hey, yeah, how am I help you? I said, I want to, I wanna see, I wanna talk to Griffey. He said, you know, he said, does he know you're coming?


I'm like, nah. So he, I guess he went and told him Griffey came to the door. I went in there. Yeah. Talked to him. As a matter of fact, a Rob was on the team being Okay. Okay. Him, As a matter of fact, I got a bat from both of them and I got a journey from Griffey. Yeah. Hey, this was, they was in they prime in Seattle, huh? Yeah. Seattle. Yes. Yes. Yeah. I got the jersey hanging up in my basement in Atlanta. Aro gave me a bat. Griffey gave me a, a bat, if I'm not mistaken, and a jersey, but I know the, the, the jerseys hanging on my wall. Okay. Ocho you know how they go out there, they go stretch and take bp and maybe he took BP before I got there. Right. But all I know is that he spent like an hour talking to me.


I think he went three for four. That's live. That's live. Listen, the most beautiful swinging baseball ever. The most beautiful swinging baseball ever. Oh yeah. I've never seen nobody swing that bat like Griffey, man. No. If, if it's Griffey, okay, Ocho, we gotta talk about this. J Jamaica. Ika Jackson says she's out of the Olympic a hundred meters. Jackson says she will still run her better race, which is the 200, she's the only woman of the record holder and the late Florence Griff joiner to finish under 21 5. Let so let that sink in. Yeah. There's only two women that's ever been sub 21 5. Flo Joe's world record is 2139. Jackson said it's a combination of things.


I got hurt and me and my coach felt like it was a good decision only to run one event. Right. I think it's a good thing you focus on one thing. Yeah. Fo fo focus on what you do best. I mean that that, that that's smart on their part instead of risking injury. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Trying to exert trying, trying to exert so much Run so many Rounds energy in one thing and then be hurt for the other. Yeah. So why not just focus on your best one. Now, when it comes to the a hundred meter, I don't mean to, to skip topics when it comes to the a hundred meters, Jamaicans still have Shelly Ann Frazier. That's what shell Run, right? Shell, yeah. She's been dealing with, she's been dealing with some injuries also. Ocho You okay? Yeah. Okay. And she's almost 40. She's she's still dangerous. Oh, very dangerous. The, the, the, the mommy rocket is still dangerous.


She's still has that get out. This is a, a severe blow to the Jamaican team, right? No. Elaine Thompson Herra. No, Shaka Jackson. Because remember Ocho, they swept the hundred meters Yeah. At the Olympics. They did last time. Yeah, they did. And so, and now it does a big blow to their relay team because the question is, is she gonna be healthy enough to run the relay? Right. Even if it's only one round, obviously, you know, you got you. That's what you bring yours for, to let them, you know, to run and you try to save big guns because normally they're in the a hundred and the 200. And so it's gonna be very, very interesting to see what happens.


But now should carry is a overwhelming favorite. Favorite. Yeah. Yeah. They still have a Diener Asher Smith, they have ulu, they have some, you know, ung from Switzerland. They, you know, they have some women. What's a, from St. Lucia? Alfred. Julian. So they have some women, but if Shari runs her, if Shari is Shari, can't nobody beat her. I'm expect believe, I believe where they start, she can run sub ten six because most definitely she's like Flo Joe from 50 in. Yeah.


This is the, this, this is, this is the funny part. When it gets to that final, if Shari gets a good start, because I think that's where she left. Oh, it's over. Or if she gets a good start or it's a rap. Because normally most of the time if you watch her races, she comes back and catches the field because she gets the top speed. Yes. And then she's able to maintain it. Right. She's able to maintain it because of her strength on the back end. Well God, you know, God can't give you everything. He can't give Usain Bolt, Christian Coleman start, hell run nine four. Yeah. That wouldn't be fair. Fair. I mean, wouldn't Fair fair can't give Shelly and Frazier price start because now she gonna, now she gonna run 10 40. Right. So he's like, okay, I I'm gonna give you, hey I'm, I'm bless you with speed, but damn I can't give you everything.


Everything. Yeah. So I'm I'm sorry to hear that for Shaka. I mean, it's tough because I mean, she was, you know, she was going to be vying for the double, you know, the 102 hundred goal and you know that's the hundred meter gold has rained. Jamaica had, has surpassed us in sprinting for the longest time it was between us and Jamaica. Right. Right. Now over the last, the last 12, 12, 14 years, it's been Jamaica. They surpassed us now. Yeah. Jamaica's had some, they had Merlene art and they've had some women that could run and you know, they never, but when Shelly Ann and then you had Elaine Thompson and now you got Reka and you see what they dominated a hundred meters and the 200.


Yeah. And then you get Bolt and you had Powell and you had a Blake. Now you, now you got K Shane Thompson, you got oic, Seville. You know they still, they, they, they, they still got some guys now, guys. I mean, listen, you, yeah, you better, you better with the names than me. What's the young bull from Jamaica that just ran the nine seven Shane Thompson? Yeah. Ran 9 77. Yeah, the trial. Yeah. And o Seville, I think he ran like 9 80, 9 89 82, something like that. So, so no, I got lower. But going back, if you go back, I mean we haven't won the, we haven't won the goal in the a hundred meters since oh four. Justin Ga won in oh four. Yeah. When he be Francis ob from Portugal, 9 8 5 to 9 8 6.


And the year before that, Maurice Green won Mo Mo Green won. Yeah. And then Donovan Bailey, Donovan Bailey won from Canada. He had the Olympic R record, he won from, he won in the Atlanta Olympics and then Lyford Christi won in 92. Yeah. And then you obviously, you know, you had the doping and soul where Ben Johnson were disqualified and then Carl won and then Carl one in 84, we swept, I, if I'm not mistaken, I think we swept in 84 with Carl Lewis, Sam Grady Dadda. Think about that. He wa he won the silver medal. He was the wide receiver for the Raiders. Raiders always had. Yeah, they always had. And then 92 James Gent was on the relay team that won the gold medal he Could run.


Yeah. James, James Flag Boy Man, them jokers had, they had Sam Gradie, they had Willie Gul, they had Willie B. Murphy from EZ and they had Tim Brown. They had a four by one. Yes. Wait, who was the, who was the quarterback then? One year they had Vince, what's the dude name? I forget his name. He's old Chicago Bear. They had Jay Schrader, they had, they all, Raiders have always liked two things. Speed. They like guys that can run and they like big arm quarterbacks. Yeah. Like Al always was, was enamored by speed. And how many Heisman trophy winners can he collect? How many can he?


But they, but they, they, they had Rocket Ismail. Yeah. So they, the Raiders have always loved speed Because You know, you play DB the Raiders ain't no, I mean, what we study, what, what we watching Ojo, they gonna be in mad coverage time. What you watching ain't be no two. It ain't no quarters. It ain't no Every time. Ain't Ain't no, ain't none of that. They, They line up and play be In front of you Every time they go line up and play. Yes. I remember, I mean my, my time during my tenure in NFL, they had a great man to man corner in mdi. Yeah. How, how you say ndi last name? Omo. He was nice. I got a chance to play play against him, play against him once or twice.


That was the quarterback Ben Savage, he's with the Bears. I mean Mo, his great Best Years came from the, came with the Bears. Okay. But Oh, Joe. Yeah, they were right there. Anytime we played the Raiders, And, we played the chiefs. Mike would set up in the meeting. He said, guys look, we already know what they're gonna do. Yeah. He said, if you can't beat man coverage, he, he, I mean he's looking at me, looking at, I dunno what you're looking at me for. Yeah. Because I just run their ass over. I, I throw the ass out the way. Don't worry about me, I'm good. But he looking at us. He said Guys, if you can't beat man coverage, there's only two jobs left for you coaching and selling cars. Yeah. He said my coaching staff is filled up. And John, you hiring John said, nah, I ain't hiring coach. Yeah. Hey, the Chiefs corners back then was, was tall.


Right When I first got there, they had Ava Lewis and Kevin Rock. Okay. Kevin Ross. They called him Rock then they had DC and they had James. Yeah. Okay. That's why I James Tasty DC them two with nice boy Right there. Hey Them two with nice. So think about it. You got DT coming off one side. You got Neil coming off the other side. Woo. Yeah. Oh, they used to have a defense. They had Big Joe Phillips, they had Dan Sale Moore. Yeah. They had Duran Cherry, they had Martin Baylors, they had Porter, Kevin kp. Oh they defense was legit. They offense was some trash, but they defense. Oh boy.


Ocho and they used to see the Chiefs. Arrowhead used to be turf. Right. So imagine DT jumping off that turf. Imagine Neil jumping off that turf. Man, that thing get be so loud. They start, they know they start doing up chopping and they start hey and they get you backed up and DT do this. Y'all won't this Yeah That safety. He Start shaking it. Yeah. He think, oh man, come on, put your hands down DT man. Damn. Yeah man, you getting them fired up. It was over on your dad. Yeah. You caught hell in that division. Oh Yeah. Well you do not too because they got, they got my homeboy. Alright, well check this out. Yeah. Ken Efan Hassan pull out the, the legendary Emil Zodiak, the Dutch distance star will run the 5K, the 10 K and the marathon.


That's an incredible 38.6 race miles of racing over nine days. The only athlete you ever do that with the great check athlete Emil Zodiak, he won the goal in the 5,000 to 10,000 and the marathon. All three events in the 1952 games held in Helsinki. Oh. But hey, that's, that's gonna be tough. Yeah, that's gonna be tough. But again, almost, almost Hassan almost put it off in Tokyo. Almost pulled it off. So he might be able to win that triple crown here in Paris. Ah man. 30, 30, 30, 38 miles of running in a nine day stand. That's, I hope they No, I know they got a cold. I know they got a cold tub and as long as you have a masseuse or cold tub and you eat right, it is possible.


Well I but that's gonna, that's gonna unbelievable. She won the 5,000 because she, what she got, she won the 5,000 to 10,000 in the last Olympics. And I think she got like the silver or the bronze medal in the 1500 because they gonna catch the dickers to beat fake ki. Yeah. The two time world record holder. Record Holder. Yeah. Y from Kenya. She ain't to be messed with. She's gone all for sub three 50. So the 1500, unless something unforeseen somebody happens Huh. Then, then fund win the 5,000 and 10,000 in by Ron the 1500. So that's a feat in and of itself.


Yeah. That's gonna be a good race. And now she say, you know what, I still wanna do the 5,000, I still wanna do the 10,000, but let's bump that thing up 1500. Let's go to 26.2. Yeah. She, Bobby listen, she better, she better than me. Nigerian Athletic Federation is under fire. Again. Favor, o Thiele was preparing to run the a hundred meter dash in the 2024 Paris Olympics on Friday after qualifying for event. However, a key mistake meant she will not be able to participate. Oph was not entered in the race, meaning she won't be able to compete alongside two of her fellow Nigerian track stars. She announced the former LSU standout said the issue stemmed from the Athletic Federation of Nigeria, the Nigerian Olympic Committee and the Nigerian Anti-doping Committee failing to Regi register her to participate o's next scheduled event is a 200 meter dash.


She also recalled a situation during Tokyo in which 14 athletes from Nigeria couldn't participate due to drug testing. I don't understand what's the problem. We've been preparing for this for a very long time. The committee, the Nigeria Athletic Federation knows that these athletes are preparing to go and compete. Why not pay for the drug test? I, I, I don't understand where's the confusion? I don't understand where the confusion is. I Don't know if it was out of, out of season testing or what's going on because they're kind of getting real strict on that ocho Yeah, they, they, some of these, I mean the, the, the, the testing of the, the, the, the, the cheats. And I'm not saying these women are cheating, I'm saying, but the cheats have gotten so good they microdose and then, you know, well, hey, I can't be here and I can't be there.


You remember Right Ocho, this is before your time. They probably don't do it now, but when I first got into the league, yeah. You say, well hey Mr. Sharp, well we wanna drug test you. I was like, well I'm going on vacation. They say, okay, just call us when you get back. Oh no, Get back, get back. Oh wait a minute. Let me be before you even finish during my time, during my tenure, if I'm going on vacation and I got that call or I got that email or we need to test you. Oh, well I'm not in Miami right now. I'm in so-and-so Oh, don't worry about it. We'll send a tester to you wherever you are. Yes. They can find you and they will get to you no matter where you're traveling in the world to get that sample. Ocho I had a guy, so they started, you know, man, guys started having the wh dudes darker than me and they got a pink meat.


And so the intelligence said hold on. So ain't right. How you got how you, how you got how and you dark. And then so, so guys was having the ator, they was having the strap on using somebody else's somebody else's urine, right. Urine. Yeah. So I was living in Savannah Ocho, they would have the tester come to Savannah. Right. I would go to the airport, go in there and you know, Ocho you know ain't no, they closed the door. Right. They standing, they standing over you. Oh yeah. Oh, they gonna make sure they everything. Right now They making sure your thing is your meat that's in that cup. Yep. Said that Guy. I'm like, bro, gimme, gimme a little space bro.


But, but hey, they, Because Guys had started start, had started to get advanced. They were ordering, ordering urine off, off the thing. And they like, nah, you ain't got no drugs. You ain't got no, you ain't got no pd, but you got the clouds. Yeah. You listen. The funny thing about doping, the funny thing about doping is something that I've never done, but I, I've heard the stories. I understand what goes on as far as whether it be track, but hey listen, any, any, well for that matter and the doping is so far ahead of the testing, of course it takes five to 10 years until the testing actually catch up, catches up to where they are right now with the doping and then something else comes out and then they're ahead of the, they're they're ahead.


Get busted. Doping is ahead of the testing. Again, You gotta get busted because somebody gotta tell you what they're taking. 'cause you don't know. No. So you don't see ocho if I just tell you, hey man, go down, go downtown and find that Right. Whatcha looking for, I gotta tell you what you're looking for in order for you to be able to test it. Right. So it's just like the clear, once somebody got taught and they started running their mouth, now we got, we got the actual substance that we can test. Okay, these are the chemicals, now we gotta test for it. And so that's what happens. Somebody has to get popped just like that big shipment with 40 with with 10 tons coming through. Yeah. So you gonna catch that 10 ton shipment, but you got a 30 ton shipment right behind it.


Yeah. Always. You know, they gonna throw, Hey listen, they gonna throw you, they gonna throw 'em, they gonna throw you layup every time. Hey, so check this out O Joe. So to clarify, the Nigerians failed to release funds for the athletes to be tested, which made 14 Nigerian athletes that qualified to not be able to compete. So, oh, how Much, how much is testing Don't, how much testing, Testing can't be, can't cost that much. We don't wanna release the funds. If anything as an athlete, you think they could have paid for themselves unless it's an extraordinary amount of money just to Get tested. Nah, come on ojo. I mean that'd be, I mean why, why should I have to pay for myself to get tested? I'm represent, I'm representing you. Yeah. I mean listen, if you had an issue in the, in the Tokyo Olympics in 2020 as a athlete, if I'm representing Nigeria and I understand the issues that always comes with them when it comes to the testing and the doping, I would listen.


I honestly, I'm gonna make sure I'm in Paris and I'm competing. I pay for it out of pocket because I know they done, they done messed up before four years ago. Oh, Joe, you saying that as an American athlete, you have to understand a lot of these athletes are in worse shape than even American athletes. Oh, oh, I see where you're going. I see my bad. Yeah, my Bad. They ain't got it like that. So that's why, you know, when, when they win prize, when you look at like some of the Kenyans, when they win prize money, do you, when you got a light, when you can play $8 for electricity and you can build a home for 20,000 and there's a mansion, man, can you imagine the prize money that they, when they win like a marathon or they win 150 or $200,000 for, For okay what Boy, that's a lot of wives ocho that's a lot.


Yeah, that's a lot of cattle and sheep. Yeah. I'm glad you put things into respect. Yeah, yeah. Man, Dang. Yeah, but that's sad. I feel, I, I feel bad for the, for, for them to have trained a lot of them to train their entire life. You know, they've been training for at least four years and through and they qualified. That's one thing. If they didn't have the qualifying time, like, well you ain't even qualified anyway, so it didn't matter. You weren't gonna be able to go. But we've qualified and through for whatever reason, I don't wanna say the bled or lack of funding ocho, whatever the case might be, to not be able to, to live or fulfill my destiny.


Feel bad for him, man. I feel bad for him. Yeah. Yeah. The Volume, Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to perfect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Myers smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it.


So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy Our iHeartRadio music festival presented by Capital One September 20th and 21st. T-Mobile Arena. Here in Las Vegas Stream Live only on Hulu. Don't miss Big Sean Camila cab, Doja Cat, Dua Lippa, Gwen Stefani, Halsey Hozier, Keith Urban New Kids on the block. Paramore Shazi, the Black Crows, Thomas Red, Victoria, Monet, and more buy tickets now with axs.com. Hello from Wonder Media Network. I'm Jenny Kaplan, host of Woa, a daily podcast that introduces you to the fascinating lives of women.


History has forgotten. Who doesn't love a sports story, the rivalries, the feats of strength and stamina. But these tales go beyond the podium. There's the teen table tennis champ, the ice skater who earned a medal and a medical degree, and the sprinter of fighting for aboriginal rights. Listen, Toman on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.