
Hey, did you know the CMA awards is live Wednesday on a BC Chris Stapleton and Post Malone Kickoff Country Music's Biggest Night Plus Electrifying Performances by Lainey Wilson, Shazi, Ashley McBride, Luke Bryan, Dirk Bentley, and a one of a kind Collaboration by Thomas Redd and Teddy Swims. Luke Bryan, Peyton Manning and Lainey Wilson. Host the CMA Awards Live Wednesday at eight seven Central on a b, C and Stream. Next, Dan Hulu.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America, and with the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


The Emirates NBA Cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in-season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draft King Sports book every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources


is Bryce Young got the job during Germany, ojo against the Giants. Giants currently Hold the number one pick in the NFL draft. OCHO should the giant draft should do. Yeah, I tweeted that earlier. Prime ain't gonna let that happen. I tweeted I tweeted that earlier today. Prime ain't gonna let that happen. You don't think so? Nope. Has have the Giants ever drafted a black quarterback before? Hell no. Hell no. Hell no. Hey, the way you said it that, that was funny. Bryce Young, 15 or 25, 1 26 a touchdown.


Chuba Hubber had an outstanding day. 28 rushes a buck 53 and a touchdown. They ran the ball 32 times for a buck 88. Daniel Jones was 22 of 37. One 90 and two interceptions. But it was Tracy that fumbled in overtime that led to the game winning field by the Carolina Panthers. He hurt. Yeah, You hurt. Oh yeah, boy. Oh yeah. And they talking about, you know, they're gonna evaluate the quarterback position for evaluate what? Who, Huh? Yeah, they talking about they gonna evaluate it. They, they they're, they're open to making changes at the quarterback. It's too late now.


Y'all might as well go and stick with Daniel Jones. You know he's saying that to save his job. Huh? He can't save it. It's over late. Now We here, you might as well make a change. Who, who's the backup? Tyro? No, Tyro. The Tyro. Oh right. I got the wrong New York team. I'm tripping. No, ojo, it's you might as well just, you, you know what you got. Look, might Well pull pulley who you might as well pull. Hey, you talking about you evaluating him? You wanna give yourself a chance to win a chance to do something? I mean, who's the back, who's the backup in New York anyway? Who's the backup quarterback?


It's somebody known too. Drew Locke. Right. Okay. Drew Lock. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I mean look, they, they gamble. Hey, hey Jim. How that looking now guys, you can run the ball fairly well. I mean, Porter Junior runs the ball really well. Single Terry, he just, your quarterback no team is good enough to overcome Poor quarterback play. Not for, not now. You might win a game or two. 'cause we saw night Jerry go turned the ball over five times and his team came back.


But You also, other teams don't have that kind of high power octane offense either. No. No they don't. The Giants currently hold the, the number one pick. I, I stay in that position. But they have a new coach next year. Yeah. Dak Prescott is planning to undergo season ending surgery. They on a partially torn hamstring, depending an opinion of one final specialist chef added that Dak will meet with a specialist in New York. But the Cowboys doctor already believed he needs surgery that would sideline him for the four months. The Cowboys did not place D on injury reserve today.


Trading away. Hold on. Trading away a fourth round pick four days before it comes out that your quarterback hold on. That, that does make it even more egregious because you knew Dak was injured and you traded for, but anyway, I don't care if that mingle has two years left on his deal. Completely insane price if you know the season is probably over. That's what Dave Hellman. Hey. Hey. Jerry said he was going to get a receiver. He said, he say he was going to get a receiver. Do what? He went and got one. He went and got one. Listen, we gonna see, we gonna see tomorrow. We gonna see tomorrow.


I hope, I hope Dak has, I hope Dak he heals fast. I hope he heals fast. You know, scratch. It's over. It's off the bone. He ain't Up this year. I I'm just saying I hope he heals fast. I'm definitely not. Yeah, He can heal slow. I'm not talking about to come back. You're 25. I mean this season. I mean just in general wanting to heal fast so we can get he can get back in. Yeah. Not get back out there on the field, but just get back into a groove of working yourself back into shape and being able to throw the ball. That's One thing. You don't play with unc soft tissue injuries. Hey, that groin, that groin, that hamstring, the Achilles area.


Your calf Calf. Well I don't, I don't miss that for nobody. You see, you see what Hamstring, Zion's gonna miss time with a hamstring. Kevin and Rand's gonna miss time with a calf that Oh, because of your athlete. You, you play with your lower body. Yeah. Where you going? No things grab it. I mean, That's crazy man. Yep. Well hopefully like you said, he get, you know, you get, he gets the, the final prognosis. He gets done what he needs to get done and he's ready to come back next year and, and and rebuild.


Dak is dealing with a parcel of v ah, which is a off the bone, a hamstring, which means part of the tendon has pulled away from the bone. Ah, he has not been put on injury reserve. If he is put on injury reserve, he would have to set out a minimum of four games, which would keep him out until at least December 9th against the Bengals. That's a win for y'all Ocho. But Dak probably will need longer to recover than the four week period that the engine reserve requires. Team says confidence in Cooper Rush is there for Cooper, but we know what Cooper can do. Ocho is it time to see Trey Lance? I mean even, even if, even if we do wanna see Trey Lance, I mean the backup quarterback is Cooper Rush and we say we know what Cooper Rush can do.


Actually we don't because we haven't seen Cooper Rush this year. We don't know how Cooper Rush is gonna look with this offensive line. We don't know how Cooper rushing going to look without the running game. We don't know. So we have to see Cooper Rush with this Dallas Cowboys defense because the Cooper Rush we did see the Dallas Cowboys was a completely different team then. It was a completely different, They could run the ball a lot better ex Exactly. They could play defense a little better. Exactly. So the Cooper Rush we gonna see now is a different type of Cooper Rush that has different players around him and he going to have to do more. He gonna have to do more. So, I mean, I would love to see Trey Lan, I don't wanna see Trey Lance with with, with that offensive line. I don't wanna see Trey Lance on the as a, as a Dallas Cowboys quarterback with no running game.


I don't wanna see Trey Lance as a Dallas Cowboys quarterback with only see the lamb, throw the ball to, no disrespect to the rest of the receivers, but I'm, I'm just being honest. They went and got, they went and got Brother Mingle. John Domingo Brother Domingo from the Panthers. No disrespect to him either. My young bull wasn't even getting or seeing the field the way he should be as a ler Carolina Panther. But Jerry says we're gonna make a move for every receiver. I thought you'd be making a move for someone that can contribute and come in right now and make a difference and help bolster that offense. But I'm trying to figure out the, the Cowboys gave up a fourth round pick for Jonathan Mingo. Yeah, Bocho, the Chiefs gave up a fifth round pick for D Hopp.


The Jets gave up a fourth round pick for Devonte Adams. The Ravens got Deontay Johnson for a fifth round pick. The Cowboys got Mingo for a fourth round pick a a and Jerry say, ain't nobody do a better job than him. I think age, I think age might have something to do with that. You think age has anything to do with that Age? You base a pick on the value. The value. Which one of those guys you think Hopkins or Adams is more who's value more valuable? Mingo Adams or Hopkins? I mean obviously the one with the, the more extensive resume. Okay. The chief gave up a fifth round pick to get D hop. The jazz gave up a fifth, a fourth round pick to get Devonte Adams.


You the other guy wasn't even playing. Yeah. And you gave a fourth round pick and you want to tell your fans and you want get on, get on radio and on camera and crow about nobody can do a better job than you. The person that delivers the mail could've done a better job than you. Yeah. I don't, I I don't, I don't understand, I don't understand the, the, the decision making by the Cowboys. Their organization. Ain't no cowboys Jerry damn cowboy. I, I don't understand. I I I don't know. I I I don't know what he is doing. I I don't know what he's doing. And, and You don't ocho the sad part is he don't dunno what he's doing.


Well you right, you right. I'm not, I'm not gonna critical you, you told me not that you told me to slow down in that area and, and being critical of that individual. So I'm I'm gonna let you have that. I he don't know what he doing. He don't, it ain't my fault. He don't know what the hell he doing. Yeah. Damn. I I man damn. He hears the, the problem that he has. See here's the problem that Jerry has. Jerry wants to be the smartest in the room. You see what happens when you run a business, you don't need to be the smartest In the room. That's the whole thing. Because if you're the smartest in the room, you why the other mofos in the room? Yeah. Bingo. I was JI was just gonna say that if you are the smartest in the room, you were actually in the damn the wrong damn room.


You in the, you in the wrong room to begin with That say bad this bad here for this man here with four round people. Do they playing courtesy? What? Last time? Lemme see. I I gotta google him Ocho I gotta see, keep o talking Ocho I mean I just can't believe that Jerry did that. Yeah. I mean he had to make a move though. Huh? Who else, who else was out to get? No, he, he had to make a move. Whatever that move was going to be. No, he didn't. He had to make a move with what? So lemme ask you a question. Do you believe he's improved his team with this acquisition? Because you making a move? You making a move to improve your roster? Yes.


Done That. He said he was gonna make a move. He didn't say it was going, the move was going to be one to improve the roster. But he, what he did do, he added a body. He added a body. Maybe John, maybe a change of senior is good for Meningo. Maybe a change of senior is good for him. And he comes to the Cowboys and he is able to contribute in a way that he couldn't with the Panthers. Okay. I'm, I'm hope, I'm hoping that's the case for the Cowboys. He was a second, he was a second round pick out Mississippi. He had 12 receptions for 121 yards. He had one catch in the past four games. Only two games in his career. Has he had more than four catches? Nah. Hey, it's that, that, that sucks man.


He was averaging, he's tied for the lowest mark by wide receiver with at least 50 targets at four. Less than four yards at less than five yards per target. And you know what, and you know what also it, it, it's not being in position to make those plays. That's like, I mean, based on the stats that you just read off to me, they're like, here, we're gonna give you minimal opportunities with the basics and see what you could do with it. That's why his numbers look like that. Ocho do you realize? Yes sir. They traded Amari Cooper for F Brown pick to Cleveland. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Again, I don't, I don't know Why Buffalo just traded a four, a third round the buffalo. Didn't Buffalo just trade a third or fourth round pick to Cleveland to get a coup And the Cowboys traded a fourth fifth. Yeah. And they just traded a fourth to get this dude. So lemme ask you this. At what point in time do you think this dude was better than coup and should have went for a high pick The way them owners think, boy, Nah, ain't no owners the way he think. Yeah. Ain't nobody doing that Go only in his second, second year, ain't he? Young bull might be what? Yes. He was a second round pick. 20 in 23. Dang. He a Oh, he a baby boy.


Yeah, he he's a baby. He's a baby. He got, he got, They gave him a third to Cleveland to get Amar Cooper. He, Jerry traded him three years ago for a fifth. How you trade a guy for a fifth three years ago and three years later he go for the team that you traded him to for a fifth trade him for a third. Now why they do that at your Hey, he trying to get, he was trying to get that goddamn salary off the books. That's what he was trying to do. Get the salary Off books. But do you realize how foolish you look by doing it? Yeah. But you still, even though you got, even though you don't have to pay for the upcoming season, you still got dead money on it, on Your books.


Yeah. So if I got dead money on the books, at least I'm gonna get a high ass draft pick. Boy, You Think about this O ocho the guy was stuck on the bench. Yeah. So the Panthers wanted to get rid of him. The Panthers got no leverage. Ocho he's not playing. Yeah, he's getting what he's had. Hold on. How many catches have he had? The last two? Hold on. What, what time is it? 12. It's 1229. At 1145. I'm reading a post.


I'm hurting and now I owe up 2K. Y'all tune in into Nightcap we started. Now, now this is from check mark Blue, check Mark Chad Johnson at Ochocinco. Is that your, hold on. You know what? That's a typo. I meant to hit the one. You know how you, you think your finger slip? You know, hold on, listen, understand the one in the two is real close to each other. The one in the two. I do, I do this all the time when I'm, 'cause my, my, my, my fingers are fat and you know, the keypad on the iPhone is small. So I I just, Well, I make sure make sure you slip another thousand with that other thousand. Yeah, it That definitely, that definitely was a a mis a mis a misprint. Mistype.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blindside and Liars Poker On. Every season of my podcast, Against the Rules, I take a broad look at various characters in American life. The referee, the coach, the expert, my next season's all about fans and what the rise of sports betting is doing to them, to the teams and even to my family. I'm heading to Las Vegas and New Jersey and beyond to understand America's newest form of legalized gambling Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Ooh, Trevor Lawrence will not play Sunday. Options are being explored, explored. Surgery is not off the table. Ocho time for the Jags to move on from Peterson and Lawrence next season. I, you know, Trevor Lawrence isn't going nowhere. Trevor Lawrence just got paid. He definitely not going nowhere, you know, so, right. If anything players get coaches fired based on Trevor's performances this year. He probably could get, Doug position might be out the door. One of the few bright, one of the few bright lights that are shining over there in Jacksonville is that goddamn brightest. Tom Jr. And every, every time I get opportunity to give young bull praise, because that's one of the, the, the great thing going on for them off offensively outside of at TN when he's, when he's healthy.


That, that, that's it. And I, Trevor Lawrence, he, he has the look, he has the look, he has the, the, the pedigree, the arm strength, you know, the size and, and and the, the moxie or all the things the scout's looking for a franchise quarterback. And I, I thought he was that I I thought he was, that he just hasn't been able to get over the hump and have the consistency that the other quarterbacks have. The CJ Rous hell, the Jayden Daniels who's only been there in a year and he is doing it already. Who else? The Joe Burrows, the Josh Allens. Until he finds a way to, to find that consistent rhythm week in and week out. You know, you're gonna have bad games. You're gonna have bad Yeah. And he strings them together back to back to back and shows flashes of brilliance and who he can be.


You gotta get outta those flashes of brilliance and show a little bit more consistency. And that's the only way the Jaguars are gonna be in contention or even Yeah. I I don't know how Peterson saves his job. Ocho not after this year. They missed the playoffs last year. Remember at one point in time they were the number one senior in the A FC and they pretend to lose, they proceed to lose the last four or five games and knock themselves outta playoffs. Not only, not only not win the division, but they don't even make the playoffs. And then the year before they had a 20 what? A 24 nothing, 27 nothing lead. And they end up losing that game in the playoffs against the Chargers. So I think it's just a matter of time. I think it's borrowed time in which he's on.


I agree with you, Doug Peterson is not coming back in 25. Trevor Lawrence is because they paid him a boatload of money and you move him now that that's gonna probably be a hundred plus million dollars in dead cap. And plus he's only 25 years of age. So you're not moving on from him. But I don't see it. I like Doug Peterson, but I just don't know how you say how, how he saves his job unless they go on a, a seven game win streak and end up winning division or making the playoffs. But other than that, Ocho I don't see how, I don't see how he saves his job. Exactly. You can't. I was gonna say Christian McCaffrey will make his debut this weekend against the Bucks or the 49 ERs about to get back on track. Ocho they got the bucks at at Tampa.


They got Seattle at home, at Green Bay, at Buffalo, Chicago, at home Rams, at home, at Miami, Detroit, at home on a Monday night and flex game TBD against Arizona Week 18. Do you think they make on, do you think they go on the run? Absolutely. Absolutely. I think they would've went on a run even if CMC didn't come back. I think they would've on the run. But just adding him back to that offense and the dynamic that he brings in the pass the game and running game is, is, is tremendous. It makes it that much more difficult for you to defend them, you know, defensively, you know, I know Brandon NIU is out. I think Jwan Genesis is coming back. I I I could be wrong if I'm not mistaken.


Deebo is back. Kittle is still there and know you add CMC that makes 'em that much more drains. Mike Shanahan will CMC back the playbook opens up even more exponentially. That's a big word for me. I can't spell it, but it's a big word for me. Sequan was drug tested after reverse. I remember the days Ocho explain why the NFL does this to people at home. Yeah. When something spectacular guy has, you know, three touchdown catches or 200 yards or 180 yards rushing, a guy has three, four sacks all of a sudden randomly he comes up on a drug test. Yep. Anytime you have a game like that, Ja, Jamar Chase, Jamar Chase, please expect a drug test in your locker tomorrow or, or Monday morning, whatever, whatever day it is.


Normally when you have a performance like that, a performance that doesn't happen as frequent or as often, they drug test you. I'm not sure what they're, what they're thinking they're going to catch. I I think they just have a, a insight. Well, this doesn't happen as often as it should. So the, the fact that it happened today and in this game and you've had numbers that are kinda extraordinary, we're gonna test you and see if you took something that resulted in helping you perform the way you did today. It's weird. I never forget. I I got drug tested a few times. One that I can remember clear as day was a performance after we played the San Diego Chargers. I'll never forget we played the San Diego Chargers.


I think it had a two 60 yard day two 60 yard. Day two touchdown. Two touchdown game. James broke your record a night, I think. Yeah, I think he had what? He had 2 64 tonight. He, he broke my record last year. His rookie year. Remember he had, he had 2 66. Oh yeah, he had 2 66. He broke it last year. He had 2 64 tonight. And I mean, had multiple games like that. Is it It is unreal. Unreal. And then you have to think today, today's game is a lot different than it was when we were playing. Huh. You know, it was little. We were, we were, we were run first. Now they throw a goddamn ball all over the place. You can't play defense.


You can't touch nobody. So the game is, the game is kind of, kind of different now. Whereas it's almost damn near like 7 0 7 with helmets and pads on. But, but dude, that mother chase man for that motherfucker, that boy special. Yeah. Ocho one of the NFL players is an heir to a $500 million potato Empire Saint Center. Carne McGregor is an eighth NFL season and his family company is the biggest potato producer in America. Their main potato supplier of McDonald's raising canes, Wendy's and Frito Lake chips. And when Con and McGovern was drafted by the Broncos in 20 sixteens, some of his teammates were curious why he was playing football when he could make far more money back home farming.


His response, I wanted to make a name for myself and show that my hard work earned myself something and I wasn't riding the coattails of everybody. But whenever his NFL career ends, the 31 a l center said he would go back to Rd what is off his family's company. Back to research, I guess research and development though. He said he'll work his way up from the bottom just like everybody else and earn his way up just like he did in, in his football career. So the next time you're snacking on McDonald fries, remember those potatoes are likely coming from Conor McGovern, mcc, Conor McGovern's family farm. That's dope. That's dope. I, and I, I like that. Most of the time when you, when you have success or a kid is born into wealth, they don't have that same drive and that work ethic, the it takes to wanna work and actually put the work in to earn and see what it's like to have the responsibilities and what it takes to earn that kind of money to be able to support yourself.


So I'm not sure if his parents raised him that way and but the fact that he is the way he is, is commendable. And then not only for the business to already be successful, but to have an NFL career and say, I'm gonna make good money in NFL and then when I do retire, I'm gonna start from the bottom of the business and work my way back up to the top. Ain't too many people built like that, huh? Yeah. But but he should because I'm sure he doesn't know the business because he was like playing football, college football, NFL football like the people that's already there. Although a lot of times Yeah you're right Ocho a lot of time family members, Hey, my family company, I wanna start at a, a VP level as opposed to an entry level. Learn the ropes and work your way up.


That's why I've always been impressed by Peyton Manning. His dad made lots of money. Eli made lots of money and they gonna be number one draft picks overall and make careers for themselves. Right. You have to commend that when your dad is somebody, your mom, your family is somebody and you say, yeah, that's fine and good, but I want my own name. And that's what people and people used to tell me all the time, man, your brother got money. That's his money money. My brother don't wanna be taking care of no grown ass man. Yeah. He got a wife and kid. So what I, I wanna earn my own, I wanna do my own thing. I appreciate everything that my brother gave me. Right. He gave me, he gave me just enough to make me desire to get more.


But on my own I saw the thing that he had and I, and he knew, he knew I wanted to be like him. Hey, hey bro, check this out. Look what I got. Damn in Inspiring ain't it Man. And I went and got everything. With the exception. With the exception. He had a, I don't know if you remember this ojo, but in, in the eight eighties they came out with a BMW called the M three. It had a, it had a spoil on the back, it everything with the exception of that. And he had a typhoon. Yeah. Every other car that my brother had, I got it. You got One? He got a Ferrari. I got a Ferrari, he got a big Benz, I got a big Benz. Whatever car he had.


Right. I got because that's what I saw. That's what drove, that's what motivated me. And for Conor Mcg governed family to be who they are and he say nah. Yeah that's good. Fine. But I want my own name. That's right. And no matter what happens, I've had a NFL career that's span eight years, maybe it goes to nine 10, who knows. But when my career is over, yeah. I'm still young. Oh. So think about it, he only be 30, let's just say for the sake of argument, his career goals is another two years. He'll be 33 years of age. Yeah. He could re I mean he's made good money. He can retire if he want to, but say nah, we gonna go into that, the family business and we going expand.


So I I I bet I love that. I love, I love, I love when kids come from wealthy families or well off families and don't feel entitled. Right. I love that no matter what, you know, know what you wanna say. 'cause a lot of times they have access. Bro had access. LeBron made sure he had the best trainer, he had the best nutritionist, he had the best coaches, he had the best of everything. But the kid says, I wanna make it on my own. Now he's never gonna be able to outrun his dad's shadow. His daddy's LeBron. It's just like Jordan kids, they're never gonna be outrun able torun the door dad's shadow. But just because that's my dad, I shouldn't walk for myself.


So you need to tell me I can't, I can't walk to a coffee. Something just my last name is supposed to get it. I, so I commend the kids, I commend them. I love the opportunity. Look, he's supposed to, you're supposed to give them an opportunity. All this old that's nepotism and nip your ass up my face. I, I but like I said, I I, I want, I want the, I want I, I love when kids want to be something on their own. You know what I'm saying? Don't yo but my name, I can't do anything. I can't help who my parents are, what I was born into. But I have a desire to be known more by more than that. I did that on my own.


Yeah. My, that's my brother. But Sterling ain't catch no passes at Savannah State. He ain't catch no passes for the Broncos or the Ravens. So no matter what y'all, and and y'all know this, you know this NFL wanna know who can help. Can you help, can you help me win games? That's all it come down to Because Sterling ain't playing over here. He played on the Green Bay. He helped Green Bay win games. Game game. So kudos. You caught him. McGovern ocho Sir Ram, star pka N says he could play in the NBA with ease. I think it would be so easy to transition from the NFL to the NBA less than three months. Listen, I, I listen, I as much as I love, I love PI love my NFL players, especially the elite players at the, at the NFL level.


I don't think they understand. I know you go, you go to LA Fitness, you go to the, to the rec center. Maybe you play with Hoopers sometimes. Maybe you play with tall players sometimes. But I don't think they understand the difference in how good the, not even the elite, some of the worst NBA players, how good they are once they're in a structured environment and it's disrespectful pka to be able to be able to say, you know what, I can come and transition and be easy. Them dudes is good man. Even as good as you may think you are when you're playing against regular people, it's different. It's different. I I understand that because I ran with him for, I ran with him, I ran with him in New York. What's the name of the gym JR.


Everybody work out at the sky. Five. Five. Yeah. Man, listen man, I thought Unc, I thought, I thought I could get out there 'cause I'm, I'm quick. You know I'm fast and you know I'm twitchy man. I ain't had, listen, I, I felt bad that I felt embarrassed 'cause I had no business out there. None of my shit was working. But lemme ask you this with, but here's the thing, Ocho, when you say he can play, I ain't thinking, I don't think he talking about he gonna go get you 15. I think he said he can get some rebound, set some picks. I mean that said man, you come off a pick unless you, you gotta be a real shooter like that. You know, come off a pick or something like that. Come off a screen. But you man listen man, then you got them trees down there too.


6 9, 6 10, 6 11 and they got 40 in verse you got, you got two, you got twos that 6, 6, 6, 7. Man you ain't doing nothing with that man. You ain't doing nothing with that man at all. At all. Unless you special. And he don't have that kind of, he don't have that kind of, that kind of talent like a Ja Moron or or Russell Westbrook where you just finna blow by people you know, based off skillset and DNA Nah, Uhuh, He got a nice little game. He was in the, he was in my, he was on my team of celebrity Allstar game. He got a nice little game. I ain't no, I ain't say he got no NBA game. Damn. Okay, Okay, okay, okay. I'm making show now. That's why I said against regular people. He look good. Yeah, he anybody, he get you three or four rebounds or something like that.


Don't Joe. I ain't said anybody gonna go out there and hit like four, five threes. Hey man, it's different man. What's the, lemme ask y'all this because you, what's the, what you think is the easier transition? Oh the easier transition is is is basketball to football? You think so? Why you say that? Yeah, Because No, no, no, no. But here's the thing. Normally guys that that transition, they play football right. You don't see no football player. Say you know what Charlie Ward did, Charlie, Charlie Ward played football and basketball Right, right. In college And as you see a lot of guys that transitioned, Tony Gonzalez played football and basketball, Julia Pepper football and basketball Ronald Curry And to, yeah but I think the thing is is that it all depends on the position.


A lot of times you ought to, you tight end Jimmy Graham or you're being a d lineman and well you ain't playing no wide receiver, you ain't playing no db. Yeah. See that's my thing. When they told me Doug, when I was getting recruited in high school and they told me, said my cousin went to Miami. Right. So he ended up playing, he was playing DN and shit. So I'm like all right, cool. He said, man look, 'cause I ain't gonna lie, the last couple cats they brought down here, that was our size. They made tight ends. I said listen bro, I holler at y'all. I ain't playing no tight end dog. I ain't blocking, I ain't doing none of that. I holler at you. I ain't, I gotta put on another 45 pounds, two 20 like nah dog.


I'm not Doing. Oh yeah, they put, nah you'd be good. They'd put 20 pounds on you. You been halen tight end. I'm straight man. I ain't blocking nobody. I ain't, nah. And yeah, I got so yeah I got, see that's the difference for me see for football to basketball in intellectually y'all are way smarter than what y'all seen. Y'all be in these meetings. Y'all know all the plays. Y'all got a a a book this long bro. I've been on teams with dudes. We got 10 plays. They don't know nothing of The. Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis, author of Going Infinite Moneyball, the Blindside and Liars Poker On. the latest season of my podcast, Against the Rules. I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules Listen to Against. the Rules on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.