
Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Myers smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smokey flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area and the Bay Area back, and that's the same 12 hours. Oscar Meyer smokes the delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick. Cut bacon now and enjoy Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway.


It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from drumstick, outshine to Tino's, and Red Bull for family Night entertaining. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Judy was boring. Hello, then Judy discovered jumbo casino.com. It's My little escape. Now Judy's the life of the party. Oh, Baby Mama's bringing home the bacon. Whoa. Take it easy. Judy Chumba.


The Chumba life is for everybody. So go to chumba casino.com and play over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Chumba chumba casino.com. No purchase necessary void. Work permitted by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply. See website for details. The Volume, the 82 game preseason is in the books and it's finally time for the real season. Don't miss out on any NBA playoff action at Draftking Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playin tournament through the finals. Draftking Sports book has you covered with same game parlays, live betting osbo, and much more.


Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code Shannon. New customers can bet $5 and get 200 in bonus bets instantly. That's the code. Shannon only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire. 168 hours after issuance.


See dkg.co/b ball for eligibility and deposit restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources. The playoffs are upon us the best place to watch Right bear in person. Gametime is an authorized ticket marketplace for playoff basketball, which makes getting playoff tickets even easier and faster. Prices on Gametime apps actually go down closer. It gets to tip off with killer last minute deals. All in prices viewed from your seat, the lowest price guarantee. Gametime takes the guesswork out of buying tickets. Save even more when you choose a section and let Gametime choose the seat. The lowest price guaranteed or Gametime will credit 110% of the difference. Take the guesswork out of buying playoff basketball tickets with Gametime.


Download the Gametime app, create an account. Use code Nightcap for $20 off your first purchase terms. Apply again. Create an account. Redeem code Nightcap, N-I-G-H-T-C-A-P for $20 off download Gametime today. Last minute tickets. Lowest price guaranteed. Hello, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Onk Shannon Sharpe. He's your favorite. Number 85, the Rock runner extraordinaire. The Binga Ring of Fame Honoree. Yeah, the great, the pro bowler, the All Pro from Liberty City. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson.


Please make sure you like, please make sure you hit that subscribe button. Thank you guys for helping Nightcap thus far. Reach the number that we've been able to reach. Guys, please do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And remember, every subscriber counts. We value each and every one of you because there's no way we're to this point without you and without your support. So go tell family member loved ones and friends. Subscribe to the Nightcap podcast. Make sure you go out and check out Shea by La Porter. We're taking pre-orders on, we're taking pre-orders now. And so thank you for your patience. I know we had a backlog earlier, last couple of months, but everything is up and running now. We able to fill all orders.


So thank you so much for ordering Shea by La Porter, and thank you again for your patience. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. That's she, Shea Media also and my clothing company. That's 84, spelled out the link to the Nightcap merchant pinned at the top of the chat and the dis and use code. And that discount applies on all merchandise, not only Nightcap, but Club Shehe and 84. So thank you. Hopefully everyone has received their merchandise by now. Everyone is pleased with their merchandise more coming down the pipeline. So thank you so much for your patience and let's get right into it. Ocho Yeah, team USA, the women's national basketball team beat Belgium 87 74.


The team was led by, was led again by Stuy. She had 26 points, seven rebounds, three blocks. She was tremendous. She was tremendous to start the game scoring 11 of the first 15 points, but then the big dog gets started to eat Asia Wilson, 23 points, 13 rebounds. Three still, as they continued their quest to get their eight straight gold medal. They haven't lost since the 1992 Olympics, which was in Barcelona. And I don't see them losing in this Olympic. Yeah. O Joe, what did you see? What did you like about Team USA? I mean, listen, they, they, they were dominant. They were dominant. Now what does scare me, but it's kind of different because I've already talked to you about it in understanding that the inter the international competition as far as women's basketball is concerned, hasn't caught up to the women's as opposed to the men's.


So today we had two starters that had zero points. But I think obviously because the big dogs step up and played the way they did, and there's really no competition as far as in that they were, that they're going to have to face that can kind of scare them. If you have people that are playing, especially starters that are, that aren't putting up points because everyone else is scoring, there's really nobody to challenge them and kind of, kind of scare 'em for, from winning that goal. So I think, I think they're gonna be fine. I mean, based off what you've told me and, and and me watching, they, they're, they're not gonna lose. I mean, having starters not score at all In four quarter, yeah, that's not good. It's not good. It make me, it make, it made me a little nervous. It made me a little nervous.


That's all right. Yeah, but we're, we're so dominant and the reason why ocho the money, you make more money playing internationally than you play in the WNBA. So why am I gonna come play in the WNBA make less money than I can play making a bra? Right? See the men, they can't do that. You make more money in the NBA Yeah. Than you do play in a ball. Right? So Luca and Yoki and Giannis and all those other guys, they're gonna come play Shea, Gil Justs, Jamal Murray, RJ Barrett, right? Dylan Brooks and those guys. And then you got Buck Donno. So you got so many guys. The NBA is where the money is, right? Well, actually in the WNBA, that's not where the money is. It's international. And so you don't get the same level of men in the WNBA.


Like you get the women, the the women, excuse me. You don't get the level of the WNBA women international players. Like you get the men, but Stuy dominant Asia Wilson 23 13 3 steals. They had like, I think 58 re out rebounding by almost 30. Gotta get a little better with the turnover. Yeah. This game probably should have got, probably could have got a little, the US probably could have got, could've rested a little more comfortable had they taken the little better care of the basketball ball. Right. But you know, look, you got the two best players on one and they're, they're on the same team. You got Asia, who's gonna be the MVP for the third time, right? You got Stewart who's been a two time MVP, you, I mean, look, we got the dominant players and unless somebody can get hot from three, right?


I don't see a situation where they have, they're gonna be able to score enough points in order to beat the US women team, right? That's, that's, that's my only, that's my concern. Can someone get hot from three? Because that's the equalizer. Because nobody else has two post players. Belgian had a nice post player, I forget a name, Ojo, who had 24 points. But when you look at Stewart and you look at Asia and you still got Brittany Grinder that can give you, you know, at any given night, she can give you a double double, right? I just don't, I just don't see a, a international team that has the post presence of those two. So now what do I have to do to beat you? Because I can't beat you in the PO in points in the paint. So now I gotta get behind the three point line and outshoot you.


Right? And that's the question. Can someone get hot enough from the three point line and outshoot these young ladies? Not gonna happen. Definitely, definitely not gonna happen. Okay. Ocho Algerian, boxer, our main kif, is that how you say her name? Ash? Yeah. Kif. Kif. Main Kha, yeah. Of won her, won her first match of the Paris 2024 Olympics when her opponent, Angela Carini of Italy quit after taking several blows to the face in the opening round of the bow. The victories with few misguided controversy around Khali who's been targeted by critics and has been misgendered her throughout the games.


Khali participation in the women's boxing has been scrutinized and recent, recent days after reports resurfaced that she failed to meet gender eligibility tests of the women's World Boxing Championship in New Delhi last year. At the time, sporting officials alleged that the boxing failed to an unspecified test because of she had, because they had male chromosome klif was born a woman and has always competed as a woman. See Ocho low. But look, I, you got me confused, man. Go ahead. You, you got me confused. Go ahead. Because you see, you said a whole lot of a, you said a whole lot of everything, but to me it's registered. She was born a woman. Are you sure she was born a woman?


She was, she was. Here's the thing, I don't know if you watch it, but when they bring these doctors, because right now there's a lot of transgender people Right. Are trying to get Right. Right. And when they bring these people to Capitol Hill and these senators and these representatives on the other side, when they ask, they ask doctors very specific questions. Yes, sir. Doctor, I wanna ask you one thing. Can this person that you're talking about, can they have a child? Can this woman have a child, right? Yes, she can. Okay. Does this woman have a period? Yes, she does. So how is she not a woman? Biologically and anatomically right? How is she not a woman?


Right Now? The problem that I have, this is a very similar situation. Yes, sir. I don't know if you followed it. No. There was a, there was A, I haven't, that's why you got me a little confused. Now How about this? There was a, there was a, a, a young lady from South Africa, her name was Castor Nia. She had high, she was born a woman. Right? But her body produces high levels of testosterone. Okay? What they wanted her to do in order to compete against women, they wanted her to take blockers to block it. So you want me to, you don't want me to take things to help me win, right? Which is peds, but you want me to ingest something into my body to suppress what God has made me.


You said God made every, everybody always say ojo. They say God made you man and woman. Woman. Yes, sir. Okay. He made her like this. So in order for you to compete, I need you. No, I'm not right. Every man doesn't have the same level of testosterone. But if he's born with those parts, is he any less of a man? So, because if a woman is born with those parts, right? And she produces a higher level of testosterone, does that make her any less of a woman? Right? I'm asking what do you think? No. No, because For the longest time, can she conceive a child? Does she have a period? Yes. That's all, That's all, that's all, that's all that Matters.


I'll give it to you. Simple. Right? I I I don't wanna get into all of this. And, and what, what she chose to identify as I, that see, that's, that's where, that's where you're, I'm, I'm, I'm kind of confused now. Is is Iman, She's not identifying as a woman. God made, gave her those parts. So Iman, she Got the park. That's the, that's the car case. You know, Ocho you like cars, don't you? Yes, sir. You wa you ever watch Mecu? You ever watched Mary Jackson? They say this car has the original parts, right? The original parts car is worth more, right? This, this klif. Those are her original parts.


Mm. Okay. Nothing has been added. Oh, nothing has been taken away. So Iman Klif is a woman then She's a woman. Oh, Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. No problem. Because I, on Twitter, I've been watching, I've seeing all the clips with a boxer, and they say the person that was in the ring was transgender and was a man. They said the same thing about Castus. Nia. No, I'm not. Because her body, I think she's born with an extra chromosome. Okay. Which allows her body to produce more testosterone Right. Than the average female body will produce. Okay. Okay. Okay. But guess what, Ocho Yeah. She can steal the, the question that they always ask, and I know you've heard it.


Yeah. Can she conceive a child and can, does she have a period? Okay. Does that not make you female? Right? Does that not make you woman? I thought the ability to reproduce is what separated. So now it doesn't, I'm just trying to figure out, because her body produces more testosterone. Right. That does not make her any less of a woman. If she has the, and I'm not trying to be graphic, but if she has female parts, right? She's a woman. Yeah. Most definitely. Most definitely. And then, and hold on. Original female part, not parts that have been added, But they, they add, but You can get, you can get sexual reassignment and become a different gender.


And they, boy, unc, they really do that. Boy, put them things together, like put that thing together. Like legos. Yeah. And cut and slip. Yeah. Wanna, Some people do some people feel that they, they are natural. They, they're trapped. They're male trapped inside a female's body. They're female trapped. And so they want to, they want whatever. I don't, I ain't have nothing to do with me. Okay? I don't care. Okay. I don't care. I, I, listen, I wanna make sure I'm, I wanna look to make sure I'm looking down, down the barrel. This one? Yes, sir. I don't care what you want to be. Right? I don't care what you identify as you can, a laptop, a tree, a lamp, male, female. That ain't got nothing to do with me. I'm not here to try to live your life. That's what you wanna be. Right. And you are not harming anyone.


Take off with it. Yeah. But we're talking specifically about this case. It's reported that she, her body the same as Castus. If you go look her up, she's a two time, 800 meter champ. Her body, she's born, if I'm not mistaken, born with an additional XY chromosome. It's rare. It's extremely rare. I don't know. But it happens if it's one in 10 million, one in 15 million, one in, I don't know the probability or the likelihood of it happening. But it happens. And the question is that when they have these doctors and they're talking about these rights for the trans people, and what if whatever, they asked very specific questions and all the, and all the senators and all the, the, the, the, the, the, the rep representatives asked, can this person, their children, does this person have a period?


Can they get a period? Yes sir. If the answer to both of those are yes, what is it? The issue, She's a, she if she can do those two things. But now they say, well, if you want to compete against the women, because your body now is not something that you've done to your body. Right. What about God? Because you know, God made us, man, he made male and people, that's what they say God made. Yeah. Did not God make her like this? Aren't we all God's children? He created us. So if he created her, who are we to say, well, if you want to compete, you are woman. But if you want to compete with the women, well this is what you're gonna have to do.


Right? I refuse to. That's crazy. No, that's crazy. So if my bot ocho, let's just say for, I don't know, the, the average, I guess obviously your highest testosterone is when you're going through pub puberty. Right? That's why you get the boys change. You see guys start getting the facial hair. So that's the highest your testosterone levels are gonna be. Let's just say it's 1500. 2000. Let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho, naturally, you got somebody that has a testosterone of three thou, 2000, 20, 500, 3000. And you are freakish, ungodly. You, you, you, you. Who is that? Like me? Like me? Go ahead. Like me.


Who is that? Samson, you're stronger than Samson. Yeah, me. Go ahead. Okay. You're stronger than Samson. Like Ocho. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And he said, well, Ocho, you're too strong in order to participate. So if you wanna participate with the 10 year olds, you're gonna have to take these blockers to reduce the level of testosterone in your body. Ain't it ain't happening. You ain't doing it ain't happening, happening. No, this is the way. So they want her upstairs made, They want her the same thing and cast some minya. She went to the court of, of arbitration, she lost.


And she's like, I'm done. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna take these blockers. Right. God made me like this. I could have a child, I can get a period. Right. I can do all those things. So for me, it, it doesn't, it didn't, I, I don't know what the, the hullabaloo is, unless they could you, you stop, stop with this. Oh, she's trans based on what? Because she has a high level of testosterone when it's been proven that she has female parts. So we have other people just trying to identify her as something that she's not as far as transgendering, because There's a, there's a, there's, there's, listen, there's an agenda here. And I agree Ocho, I don't believe if you are born a man and then you take drugs and you say, you know what I want, I wanna identify as a woman, you shouldn't be allowed to participate in women's sports.


Yeah. How is that fair? Yeah. It's not. It's not. And even at My old ass age, if I said, you know what, I wanna be a woman, and I started taking blockers. What a woman gonna be able to do with me? Ocho my big strong rust ass. Now you'll be, So when you think about a 20, what do Yeah. You'll be like, yo, you Think about a 25, 30-year-old. Yeah. You'll be like, jaw a man, man. Yeah. So no. If that's how you wanna live, I aint got no problem with that. Right? Right. I support your right to be able to live however you wanna live. Right. As long as you're not harming anybody. But as far as participating in women's sport, oh hell no. Yeah. No, no. I, I, I can't rock with that now. Yeah. That, that's why I draw the line.


That's why I say no, no. Can do. If you want to, man, wanna become a woman. A woman wanna become a man. Hey, I love, I love whoever you want to be. Yeah. As long as you're gonna make a contribution to society, take off with it. Yes, Sir. But participating and, and men participating in women's sport after they've decided and they take whatever the, whatever the case may be, they take these, these blockers and they take these, these hormones. Nah. Or I can't rock with that now. Yeah. All right. Ain't no sense in me lying. I ain't finna get up here and say, oh yeah, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm Not forced Participating. Yeah. I'm, I'm curious to hear how anybody can make sense of it anyway. How can anyone make sense of it? A man identifying as something else outside of them, what he was born for, and then I'm allowing him or him, her to compete in women's sports in general.


How can someone even agree and make sense of that? In, in, in general? I would love to hear the context in which it, in which it does make sense. Regardless of the rules. Yeah. Regardless of you being able to do it in general. Like, it, it just, I don't know. It's, it's weird. It's weird. Let, Let, I mean, like I said, her, she has the, or like I said, I'm trying to give it to people. I'm trying to help people understand. I'm a car enthusiast. I love cars. Old school muscle cars. Whether you're talking about the hemi, whether you're talking about the kudo, whether you're talking about the GTO, whatever the case may be, the, you know, the ram air, all that, the Camaro, ocho, I, I'm, I'm good. Yeah.


When these cars go come up for auction, and they'll be in value at 1 million, 2 million, 3 million. Or you're talking about A-A-A-A-A-A-G-T-O Ferrari. Mm. That's going for 30 and 40 and $50 million. Shit. They say the car, they say the car has its original parts. Right. The, the way it came up, the showroom floor. Right. In 1950. In 1960 and 1970. Today in 2024, the car has its original parts, the way she came out of her mother's womb. Does this, does this person have the original parts as she came out of the womb with Right. If she does, what's the discussion?


If she has female parts, what's the discussion? Don't, shouldn't be, I don't care. Shouldn't if her body, no, but we gotta stop doing this. We, we got, we gotta stop doing this. Yeah. I, because I, I don't, I don't, I don't get what we, what, what, what goods of it I get. Look, look, everybody has, you know, agenda on certain sides and, and, and wanna push this and wanna push that. I ain't trying to push nothing. I want people to live how you wanna live. You gonna make a contribution to society. Take off With that. Yeah. I'm good with that. I ain't icho. I don't, I stay out of people houses. I stay outta people's homes. I stay outta people's bedrooms. I stay outta people's lives.


You ain't, hold on. You need to be, you need to be Kayla Sharp. You need to be Kiara sharp. You need to be Kaylee, you need to be sterling. You need to be a buck. Okay. I'm, I'm in. Yeah. Yeah. Other than that. Yeah. I ain't in your bedroom. What you do, what you go to bed ass who you wake up with. Yeah. Don't make me, don't, don't make me none. No. That ain't me. Don't make me none. I Want you to be happy. What makes you happy at the end of the day? O tell what makes you happy. Right. Does that make you happy? Take off with that. Yep. But I think this is a very similar situation to Castus minion. She went through it.


She had an extra white chromosome, which her body as a female produces more testosterone than a normal female body will produce. Right. But at the end of the day, could she bear children? Does she have a monthly Yep. So All that, that's what the old people call it. They call it Monthly. Yeah. That's all that matter. That's it. I thought that's what, hold on Now. That's what matters. When they, when we're arguing before one another, can you have God said Adam and Eve, God said, say Adam and Steve. Okay, I get all that. But at the end of the day, I believe she's a eve. Right. If she's a Eve, she should be able to fight against other Eves or Esther.


The, the other names Mary, Mary Magdalene, Esther that was in the box. Yes. Boy. So else. Yes. Whomever else of born of that gender. Right. If she's either that gender, she should be allowed to participate. So that's where I'm on that ocho I mean, you could, I, I guess I, I'm, I'm pretty sure, I think you are also, like, you believe that if she's a woman, she should be allowed to participate in women's Sports. Yeah. I I got it. You, you, you, You believe that if she's born a woman, Yeah. You Yeah. Most, most definitely. I just think it's unfair. If you're born a man and you want to, later on in life, you wanna identify as something outside of that and then competing in women's sports.


Now that's just wrong. Yeah. That's what I'm, I'm just saying that's flat out wrong. Just having a competitive advantage in general. It, it's, it, it, it makes no sense, but it's, it's for some reason it's seen people have made sense of it. You know, those in positions of power have allowed people to do that. To, to allow people to do that. But that's neither here nor there. Right. Like you said, Simone, whatever makes you happy. That's It. Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags for eligible items from planners. Skippy Nabisco Terra Cheez-It Lunchables, and Sparkling Ice for lunchbox surprises.


Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions, visit Safeway dot com for more details. I'm Victoria Cash. Thanks for calling the Lucky Land Hotline. If you feel like you do the same thing every day, press one. If you're ready to have some serious fun for the chance to redeem some serious prizes, press two. We heard you loud and clear. So go to lucky land slots.com right now and play over a hundred social casino style games for free. Get lucky today@luckylandslots.com.


No purchase necessary. B GW Group vo or prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions supply. Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown? Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection. Listen, most of the bacon out there if smoke for four to six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon and then dry to work, and that bacon would still be smoking.


My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer thick cut bacon now and enjoy you won't be disappointed. Ojo Simone Biles sword to her second Olympic all around gold. Mm. She won every, she won every, all around competition since she's entered since 2013. A string of 37 in a row. That's how I don't understand how I lost the world's greatest athletes when I got Michael Phelps and Simone Biles.


But anyway, a string of 37 in a row. She created five signature moves. 17 different women have finished. Second of her, only four of them. Rossed The worlds in 2013 must Mustafa in 2014 Worlds Lee at the 2019 Worlds and Cecily Jones at the 2023 World competition have managed to get within less than a part of her Sunni Lee wins bronze with her triumphant floor routine. That's lie. That's lie. Think about that. Since I think if you go back how many years, I think if you had to go back like 20 years, years, all of the all around champions have been under the age of 20. Yeah. I mean, you got Nadia Coleman, I think she was the youngest, and I think she won it in 76.


She was 13 or 14. You had Mary Lou Redin, you had Gabby Douglas, you had Tatiana gsu in 92 you had Anova and what, 88? You had Nasia Luin, you had SUNY Lee. So if you go back and look, they've all been under the age of 20. Yeah. I mean as young as 13, 14. Yeah. He's 27. Yeah, She's 27 ocho. That's how, that's how good. And, and that's how good. And like you said, the question is, do I, could she potentially, hell could she potentially OCHO be it in in in LA in 28?


Yes. I told you. Because if you can do what you doing now at 27, you definitely still gonna be take a Year off, let her body take two years. She can take two years Off and come on back. Two years Is enough for her to come back. Yeah. And then you have two years to prepare and get ready and get yourself, get, get, get your, get you get your equilibrium. Right. Right. Getting back to turn tumbling and flipping and doing whatever, whatever it takes, you know, it's like mu it's muscle memory. I, she definitely can come back and forth in 2028. Yeah. I mean, that's crazy. Is that most of these women that win this title, she's seven years older than eight, nine. I mean, you think about Nadia, I think Nadia in 76, she had to be 13 or 14.


Right? Well, think about that. Ocho she there, the 13, 14 year age gap from when she won, as opposed to now this is her second one, I think if she's the third. Right. Maybe the fourth women that's won multiple all around at the Olympics. I mean, she's a, she's a, she's in a, a class by herself. And then if you look at where she is, her, her, her number 59. And then you got somebody else like a point and a half up under, and then you got somebody three points up under that for the LeBron. Right. That just goes to show you how dominant she's Been. How it's like Katie Ledecky, Katie Ledecky finishing the race. 17 seconds. I hear Everybody in front Of the second place. Ojo, man.


She done got out the pool, she waving And they still, they still swimming. They ain't touched the wall yet. Wall. I mean, come on Joe. Yeah. And That's, that's, I mean, that's, that's how dominant Simone Biles is. So congratulations Simone. Well done. Come back after what transpired in Tokyo and to get back on that horse and to get back in that saddle and to do it again. And do it even better than you've done it before. Congratulations. Nightcap, Ocho and I, we take our, well, we don't have hats, but s we had hats. S we salute. We salute Joel and Bead, who regularly has been starting for team USA did not see the court at all during America's 1 0 3 86.


One of us sedan head coach Steve Ker, said, told the reporters after the game, the decision was based solely on the matchup that Mbbi will start next game. Embiid has been subject of regular cl criticism as a starter with a number of calls to put Anthony Davis in the starting five. Instead, Davis had 13 points against Sudan while Bam came up the bench and Chip then with 18 ocho. I kind of, I kind of understand. Do, do, Do you like the way Coach Kerr has been manipulating his starting lineup? Remember one game? Yeah. Jason Tatum re Halliburton didn't play. Yeah. The next game, the B didn't play. Right. Are you okay? Are you results based? Huh? All you care about is the gold medal then.


Hey, I mean, listen, I care about the gold medal, but now I have a better understanding on why Curry is doing what he's doing. So the matchups the game, you needed smaller players. Now, when they played Serbia, you had, when they played Serbia, they had big, they had somebody down in the post, somebody big, somebody size. So it made sense to have Joel and Bead on the floor. Now when they played South Sudan right, they had smaller players. So you had more wings, you know, and I think defensively, I think Joel Embiid might've been a liability. Might, might might've been a liability on the court. Okay. You know, them not being able to play well with him there because of the personnel that they were playing against. So I kind of understand it from, from that perspective.


And I'm sure there was a conversation before the game was had with Embi and I'm sure the same thing. Now I'm not sure who they played who, who they playing next? I, I forgot who they were playing next. I Don't know. Lithuania. Yeah. Who did they play Ash? I'm not sure either. Oh yeah. Yeah. But, but Joel and Bead are starting because based on the personnel. Yeah. And the players that they have, They play Puerto Rico. Yeah. I'm, I'm, They play Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico, if I'm not mistaken, south Sedan just beat Puerto Rico, if I'm not mistaken. Real. Yeah. I it this game. Yeah. And Beat is back. And he's playing. Why is he playing? I'm sure Puerto Rico has a big, they have somebody six 11 maybe. They have definitely don't got nobody Cell seven foot.


I'm sure they got somebody that, and it fits based on the personnel and who they playing. Right. You know, and the thing is, is that Joel and be, but here's the thing, Ocho with no three second call, hell just put Joel Bead in the paint, throw it down to him and let turn by. Yeah. And draw foul or lay in the basket like you do in a dope NBA game. You could do That all game ain't on three Second call Do that. You could do it all game. You could do it all game if you wanted to. Yes. Yes. So you, at the end of the day, as long as we bring back the goal, you are not really concerned about who plays or how much they play. Because at the end of the day, the end result is what matters.


Right? Yeah. Did Team Men's, did the US national team win the gold medal? I think Steve Kerr has a very difficult job. For One. It Is all the players they wanna play. I'm ing my country. I want minutes, I want go, I wanna participate, I wanna contribute to helping us win gold. But I think there's conversations that are had before it gets to the media with Jason Tatum. I'm sure there was conversations had with Halliburton. I'm sure there was a conversation had with Joel and Beeb with an understanding of tactics and game plan based on who we're playing. You might not get as many minutes as you want based on the personnel and who we're playing against. No, I don't think I, he might've had that conversation with him. B but I don't believe they had that conversation with Jason Tatum.


You don't think so? 'cause Jason Tatum, Jason Tatum wouldn't have said it would've been humbling because he would've known Ocho if they come and tell you, Ocho you are not playing today. That's one thing. You dressing out with the expectation of playing. Yeah. And you don't play is something entirely different. Yeah. I, I I don't know. For some reason, I just really don't really think, he just didn't know. I think he just said all the right things once the mic was in front of him. But you, you cur had to have type of conversation with him. Man, Joe, come on. We go, we going into a game. You understand What you a game of that magnitude and your coach ain't communicating. You know what? You might not play.


Oh, well K got the hot hand. Okay. LeBron playing. Well, Steph is playing well you know what, we don't want to take KD out 'cause he has a hot hand. I, there had to be something said, something had to be said for him to sit on that bench. That entire game. All four quarters Of the, of the man that's on that roster this year, there's only one first team all NBA selection. That's Jason Tatum. Yeah. And he didn't play a minute. If you don't think, I don't care what you, so you think, you think lemme ask you a flip. Yeah. Tell me the wide receiver that you can go to and say, you know what, even if it's the All Star, even if it's a, the Provo game back then, guys wanted to play.


Hey coach. Hey man, I ain't come all way over here. 12, 10 hours. Oh yeah. Just to run. Hey, throw me the ball. Oh, I didn't, I ain't, I I don't agree with it at all because he was visibly upset. You know, I I I told you that. I I don't agree with it. And People like, oh, he don't care nothing about that bro. That man got, he, he listed Ocho lemme tell you how you know he cared because he listed it. He wasn't, he tell you Ocho he won the title, got a big contract. He on the cover of two 2K. 2K. Yeah. Sports Illustrated. He said it so he don't, you don't take my words. He's speaking Right. I ain't jato, I ain't moving Pinocchio. He's speaking for himself.


He told you? Yeah. He said, I ain't gonna lie. It's very humbling. Yeah. Very, very Humbling. Listen, I I wasn't even in a situation. Shoot, I, I felt bad just looking at his face, his facial expressions on the bench. It said it all. It said it all. It's because like I said, Ojo, it's not a, you talking about one of the best players. You talking about one of the best players. Yeah. Hold on, think about this with Ocho, we've been having a conversation. Me, you and Gil. The next face of the NBA didn't play a minute and everybody talking about that. That's okay. Think about what that is. Ocho the next face, A lot of people say he got next face of the NBA did not play a minute and they won by 26.


All the people that's saying that it didn't matter, ain't never, ain't never been involved with sports. Right. Because when you put that kind of time in, because the more, the more time you put in Ocho, the more effort you put in, the more it hurt when things don't go accordingly. Right. You think that man gave up his summer to go sit on the bench halfway across the country. Right. Of the world. Come on people sometimes y'all just, I be looking in y'all comments and y'all just say stuff y'all really do y'all just say stuff, but as an athlete, as Ocho Yeah. And I can attest to as, as a competitor, and I'm not saying I'm the player, I'm not saying I'm the equivalent football player as Jason Tatum is the basketball player. That issue would've bothered me. Yeah.


Ocho it would've bothered anybody that's a competitor in general. Especially on this. Especially on the biggest stage of a mall. Yes. Come on man. That's all I'm saying. Yeah. We go from saying this man got next. He could potentially be the face of the NBA Oh Oh. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I don't know about that part, but okay, go ahead. No Ocho we was having a discussion. Yeah. Who's gonna have, who is it gonna be? Is it gonna be Jason Tatum? Is it gonna be an man? It's gonna be Ja Moran. We, we, we lift Now Ja ja an could be the face of the league, but Jason Tatu doesn't have the cache and the, the personality and the aura and the, that there, there's a certain it factor that you have to have to be the face of NBA And he does.


He just, he's great in all. He does the accolades, the resume, it speaks for itself. NBA champion. But there's something missing. I don't know how to explain it. I can't put it, I can't put word the Face of the NBA, You know what I'm Talking about. Become a champion. Yeah. But I'm saying nah, It's much more, many people Believe than he had what he takes. It's more to it. Name a NB name a face of the NBA. That wasn't the champion Champion name. Let's run down the NBA, the face of the NBAs name. Okay. You had Bird magic, you had Jordan. Look, look at Magic Johnson had Kobe. Look at Michael Jordan. Look at Kobe. Look at the personalities. Look at the attitude. Look at the aura. The way they carry themselves. He doesn't even think, not even he not, not even close to them. But what but what did they have?


I understand what you mean. But it you need more than just that to be the face of the NBA. Well, I don't know if you could I Don't where people gravitate towards you and the energy you bring. I can see a antman, everybody would gravitate towards that. A John Morran Not without a championship. Okay. Right. 'cause that's what they placed on. Now. All right. Now, now they make you less ocho. Exactly what we've done, what we've done is like, we try to, we we make you less than if you don't have a title because title everything. Right. I underst Why you playing Shannon? Why you playing OCHO if the titles ain't the most important? I know what you're talking about. We talking about the face of the NBA though.


We, we talk and what it takes to be that You can't say it. All those that have won a title, have a different it factor that they have within them. You are born with that. He doesn't, there's nothing wrong with Jason Taylor. He just doesn't have that that Mm. That Kobe, he don't have that Michael Jordan, he don't have that magic. I don't know, I don't know. Question. I don't really know how to put into words, but I'm sure the chat understands exactly what I'm talking about. Great Player. How about this? So if Tom Brady, pat Mahomes, Peyton Manning. Yeah. Are they the same? I mean, complexion wise? Yeah. No, they're not black. Wait a minute. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait.


Mahome got Mahome. Mahome got a little tan to him. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. You identify black. Listen, they're the same. But then you would have to digest and dive in statistically to separate 'em. Would you know what? Separate 'em as face of the NFL. Oh, look at, look at Peggy's Demeanor. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Look At Tom Brady's demeanor. Yeah. Yeah. It, it kinda all, all the same. You know? And remember when you are the face of the NFL or the quarterback, you gotta carry yourself a certain way. Now what I want to tell you is, you know Tom Brady off the field, don't you? Yes. You know Peyton Manning off the field, don't you? We do. Yeah. We, we do. But the fans don't. They don't. And they ain't nothing like what they get to see. But that's the thing how they, how they identify.


Right. They, we get to see sides of guys that walk nobody else get to see. When we go out And, we see them. Right. That's different. Right. Think about this Magic Johnson. What you see is what you get. Right. Kobe Bryant, what you see is what you get. That ain't no act. Michael Jordan, you already know. Yes. What you see is what you get. Right. They haven't won an NBA championship. I'm just talking about people that are so, so charismatic, so exciting to watch. Yes. That could possibly be the face of the NBA no championship. I'm I'm speaking on jaw. I'm speaking on Ant man. Yeah. Like they have this certain it factor that you can't coach, you can't teach as opposed to making someone the face of the NBA that doesn't have that cache, that doesn't have that, that oomph to be that and forces on us because they want an NBA title.


It just doesn't fit because the, the, it I, I don't know how to explain it the right way or find the words. The, the the con drop. I know the chat know what I'm talking about. I just, I just can't can't piece it together like I want to. No, no Ocho I don't want you to think Right. That a championship is the only thing. But I'm saying if you listen to Jordan talk, if you listen to Kobe talk, you listen to the other greats talk. Yeah. He's like, you do, you build a brand Right. Win first brand will come right now it everybody ain't gonna be like magic. Yeah. You ain't coming in win a NCA title be most outstanding player and then come straight into the NBA.


Right. Right. Well another title Beberg won in the second year. Right. Most guys have to wait 3, 4, 5 years in order to win a title. These guys got right at it right away. Wait. Yes sir. But they went to really good teams. Yes sir. Kareem was on that team. Kareem was the MVP magic's rookie year. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was the MVP of the league. So what's the likelihood of a guy or of the number one overall pick going to a team and that year that guy's gonna be the MVP the best player. Right. Right. I got a question for you. Matter of fact, yes. Speaking of now, you know, I don't watch much basketball, but I've gotten much better with my knowledge of the game because I've been paying attention throughout the entirety of the season.


Remember when Zion Williamson came in the league? Yes. And they were making him the one up next to be the face of the league. Yeah. He could Be the yes To be to be the next guy. Yes. You see what I mean? Yes. Now Zion Yes. Has that, that it factor. He has that personality in a sense. He has, he has a certain aura and all that hand. He has crib, he has all that heb. Yeah, he's afu. Yeah. Yeah. He has all thetangible tangibles. It takes if he was able to stay healthy, Right. He could. He could. He could have been that guy. But Lemme you championships for the sake of argument. Yes Sir. Go ahead. I'm gonna say This. You right. If, if Zion stays healthy Yes, sir. And he win, what's the likelihood and he doesn't win a championship, what's the likelihood of him being the face of the NBA?


If he doesn't win a championship? Ah, it wouldn't be good. But, but you know what, because he's so exciting to watch because he's so exciting to watch. That's my ctv. Yeah. Think about this. Let's say you take Jason Tatum, right? Yes. You take Jason Tatum in his game and his style of play, and you ask people with a healthy ja moron, a healthy Anthony Edwards or a healthy Zion Williamson, and you ask him who they wanna watch first or who they'd rather watch outta the four. Well The the other three guys, they do a lot of playing above the rim. That that's not what Jason Tatum does. Tha Tha thank you. Right. There you go. Doesn't have, he doesn't, he doesn't shoot the three, he doesn't shoot the three ball like Steph, because Steph was not above the rim player, but Steph was boxed because he could shoot the three.


Okay. Steph was shooting three. Steph was shooting threes before. When did he come to face? When was he one of the face of the NBA When they did what? Ocho what did they do? Championship In 2015. Championship. Oh, Okay. Just Checking. Yeah. Championship. I mean, do you think he was really the face of the NBA or LeBron has always been the face of the NB? No. No. I'm saying as opposed he was shooting threes. Oh, okay. I'm saying he was shooting threes. Yeah. He came to league in 2008, 2009. Right. Letting the Rip Let, letting the rip. Yeah. Now you know, you know what, what? Speaking of face, that's an let's talk about the influence that he's had on the game outside of the NBA. Oh yeah. With The little kids, everybody holding up three, they not even playing basketball no more.


They not, they Can't shoot. They're not even fun. They're not even playing fundamental basketball no more because of the influence that Steph Curry has shooting the three 30 feet. 20 feet. The goddamn logo. They can't shoot the ball with two hands. Ocho, they throwing it, but it's a three ocho. They can't, they, they, so, hey, the Kids, look kids, You know, you know they can't shoot it with two hands. They th it with one hand. Right. But that's what Steph has done. Yeah. Yeah. I mean taking, taking nothing away from Jake's tail. Oh, I love it. But listen, phenomenal player. Yes. Phenomenal player. All NBA. Now a NBA champion. The has a monkey off his back. But I mean, just what I think and you, I could be wrong.


I'm not sure if the chatter gears or me not. He doesn't have the personality. Let's start there. You know when that mic is in front of them, imagine this. Give Jason Tatum, Anthony Edwards personality. Oh my God. Charisma. Yeah. Give him him Anthony Edwards charisma. It's over. Yeah, it's Over. Right? It's over. And it's hard. He hard. He just Doesn't, he doesn't have that, that something's missing. You know, you know. But grandma used to say that, baby, I don't know what's wrong with her, but it just, something's missing. Still great at what he does. Yes. And it's hard. I think it's hard to be the face when you're not.


He's not thought of as the best player because he didn't win the finals. MVP, he didn't win. I mean, he's won the Eastern Conference most valuable player before. But in the title run, JB won it. So how do you say somebody is the face? And that's what Kobe was up against. Yeah. Kobe was up against Shaq. He had Shaq on his team. Kobe was sensational. Kobe was averaging damn in 30 win Shaq. Wait. Whoa. Oh, I'm glad you just said that. Hold on. I'm ho you just said JB name. Chad. Now I watched enough basketball. I could be wrong. And Jason Tatum, even the best Celtic on his team or the Jalen Brown, I, you know what?


Come, come, come On now. Chad. Chad, I'm asking you now. Help me, help me get my knowledge up so I don't sound like no fool. But I know what I watched in the playoffs. I could be wrong. I think honestly, Ocho, for the longest time I was under the impression that Jalen Brown was the more athletic, JT was the better player. Now some will say JB is getting the benefit of not getting the double teams thrown at him. Okay. And he's working a lot of one-on-ones. Right. Where JT is having to go through the double team in getting the nation, getting everybody's best defender.


But it's gonna be hard for me to disagree with your what you're thinking. Okay. Okay. That what you watched and you watch these two grow. Yeah. And guys, look, you do look like we, like when we have a conversation, it's not to try to break them up and you can't break Them up. Oh no, no. We just have To 'cause they just Yeah. And, we just having a discussion. Yeah. Conversation. That's all. Yeah. I mean it, we, we, I mean, I'm trying to think who had, I'm trying to think. Ocho who had like two like box offers receivers on the same. It's like when you had Tory Holte, Isaac Bruce. Ooh. And how is Kenan? Oh, you had Jimmy. You had Jimmy and Keenan. Yeah. I mean Jimmy, Jimmy was the guy and Isaac, we know what Reverend Ike did.


Yeah. But Tory Holte was making them a big game. Tory Holt with 1500 every year. Yeah. But you see the work, and I'm not saying say here, the thing is like when you give somebody one credit, you're like, oh, so you said J right? No, I'm just saying this. I can see the work that JB has put in to get to where he's got. Yeah. I, I Remember because at first he was just an, he was just athletic. Right. And I, I could Play a lot of plays on athletic, You know, some stuff. What I kept hearing, watching Twitter, trying to get knowledge of a game up. He ain't even got no damn left hand.


Yeah. What you Mean he can't go left? So I'm watching game to see if he can go left. Right. Well handle. He was going left and when he went right, they still couldn't stop it. So, I mean, I, I I I don't know. It, it, it, Man, they looking, they ocho they, if the guy, if the guy ain't got steal Curry, Kyrie handles, he ain't got no handles. Damn. Who, who got handles like that? Nobody Got, y'all Seem like everybody got Kyrie handles. They don't. Or Rod Strickland. Or, or, or, or White Jason Williams. Oh my God. Isaiah. Everybody don't have handles. Like, listen, so you want, so in other words, you want, you wanted God to give LeBron James his height, his size, his durability, right. Shoot the ball, like step and handles like Kyrie High Fair is that, so just imagine if God would've gave Patrick Mahomes the ability to run the ball like Lamar, Jackson, or Like Michael.


How is that fair? Ocho Ain't fair at all. Oh, Michael B how is that fair At all? He'd have gave Tom Brady the ability to run the ball like Cam Newton. Ooh. His ability to throw, just like he is, he'd still Brady throwing the ball, but he could run the ball like Cam It wouldn't be fair. No, No. Just like it would you give, give Tyreek, I mean, just imagine if man, Randy, Yeah, well Randy and Tyreek is the same speed, but give Randy Moss the right, the right now like think, think about Tyrek is fast right now. Imagine if Randy didn't have to pick up speed where he got, when he don't get top speed strike.


Yeah. The long stride was gone and he hit top speed right away. Yeah. Oh my goodness. Yeah. When the, when you know, when, when, when the, when Randy went with Cece, with Chris. Oh and yeah, in Minnesota. Yeah. Yeah. And they had and Reed in the slot. Jake Reed. Yeah. Jake. Yeah. No, Chris, Chris went to the slot. Right? Jake went outside the numbers. Chris worked the slot. Yeah. But, but it's, it's, it's great. Look at the end of the day, I, I, I, long as they come back, when we come back with two gold medals in basketball, We good? I'm good. And. we gonna come back with the gold medals in the hundred meter men and women. I'm talking to you Jamaica. We got some Buddy Hey there.


It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags. For eligible items from Stouffer's, you join them Kraft Mac and cheese and mission tortillas for easy prep dinners. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in-store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details. Are you ready to have your bacon loving? Mind blown Well, here it is. Oscar Meyer takes 12 hours to smoke some delicious thick cut bacon to perfection.


Listen, most of the bacon out there is smoked for four, six hours. But Oscar Meyer doubles that time. Let me put that into perspective. You could drive from Detroit to Omaha and Oscar Meyer. Thick cut bacon. Still wouldn't be finished smoking. Check this out. You could go to bed. You can get a full night's sleep. Hell, you could wake up, shower, have breakfast, including some delicious Oscar Meyer bacon, and then drive to work and that bacon would still be smoking. My point is that Oscar Meyer takes the best cuts and smokes them over real hard wood chips for a really long time until it tastes really good. So go out, buy some Oscar Meyer fit.


Cut bacon now and enjoy. You won't be disappointed. There's no better place to watch live TV this fall than Hulu plus live tv. Why? Because you get your favorite sports like football, local channels, shows, and so much more. Plus, get Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN plus included with your plan. No long-term contracts or hidden fees. Don't wait. Start your three day free trial of Hulu plus live TV today. Live TV plan required access content from each service separately. Offer valid for new and eligible returning subscribers. Only if available terms of restrictions apply. Learn more@hulu.com.


Hey Joe, check this out. The Paris Olympics are trending big in porn because the wave of Hony people are not scouring the internet. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. For adult videos related to the summer games, a rep for porn hole hub told TMZ. The site is seeing a huge surge in searches for, for the term Olympics, up 4876% since the start of the game. There are a ton of different variation of Olympic searches. Users are pumping into porn. Herb search bar. Okay. Including Sex Olympics, porn Olympics, Olympic sex Games, n Olympics. Ooh. Wait, look, I I should take advantage of how, but Olympic got two more weeks, right?


Yeah. I mean, I could make some home videos with, with with the misses. We could, we could send them on in. I don't know how much I could probably bring in there two weeks. I did What I guarantee you can't nobody beat me. I'ma finish first. I guess he, I pretty first I bet you that, I bet you that hey, I can, I could, I could create a, I could create a few events and, and, and send some videos in the porn hub and to, to, to get that surge. The, the, the, the que the thirst. The people that are, that are, that are looking for stuff. And let me, let me write this down again. Man. The rain Pocho, the range would be crazy. Yeah. What? I mean, I could be Usain Bolt and Hamel garrou. I can win the hundred meters and the 1500 meters. Right. You know what I'm saying? I go That, you know, I'm with you when you Right.


I'm with you when you're right. And I can go the Distance. Yeah. I'm with you when you're right. Listen, I could, and I could do just about anything, especially with that venom, you know I got that, I got that wonder and spider venom. Oh yeah, yeah. That's spider. That spider. Yeah. I got that spider. Woo. Yeah. So hey, hey, hey, hey. Where, where was that report at? That people really searching for that. That's dope. I mean, not I'm, excuse me. It's not dope, but I'm just saying like, it, it, it's amazing. The industry is amazing. That, and you know, that's a billion dollar industry. That's a billion dollar industry. That's, that's crazy. Or something that's natural and that's human nature. It might have got fitted off of me.


Hell nah. Nah man. But nah, I mean, I mean, just because you at the game, that don't mean Okay, you have to suppress your desires. Right, right. Because like you said, that's a lifetime. And, and some people like, they feel that's gonna take their legs. That's gonna, you know, make, make them lose focus or whatever the case may be. You Can't play you, you know, better than that. The, the cardinal rule number one, when you in, when you are in school, you don't have sex before a game. You don't have sex. 'cause it give you spaghetti legs. You wanna be as, as strong and stout as Possible. It gave me spaghetti something else, but legs, wasn't it? I wasn't running on that leg.


I dunno what you talking about Ocho. Hey, well man, I had some of my best game. Nah, bro. I ain't, I ain't play that bro. I ain't play that. I just, you not eating. No, no, no, no. Saturday. Well, you know, Saturday we in a hotel anyway. But even if we had a whole game. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And you know, depending who I was dating at the time, if they were in town. Listen, this week, nothing. I'm gonna catch you Monday, Tuesday, and once Wednesday hit, you know, Wednesday, that's, oh no, I'm, I'm done, I'm done with you. I'm gonna catch you on Monday too. You catch me after the game Sunday, Monday, Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. No, I Couldn't do nothing after the game because I'm gonna cramp up. I ain't gonna be no good to you. Oh Nah. I'm locked up man. I can't do nothing after the game. I, I know what you're talking about. I remember, Man, I couldn't do nothing after the game.


I ain't never did nothing after the game. Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. That's it. The rest of the week I'm off. I'm off. Don't even ask. Don't, don't even add. Don't even, don't, don't even try. Ain't no point in even coming in town. Nothing. Nathaniel Come on in town. Well you be, you better than me. I ain't play that. I ain't play that during the week. Hey, I might not have had no discipline when it came to Eden. I might have been eating McDonald's and I might have had the worst diet in the world, but when it came to that discipline off the field and just, you know, locking and being focused as, as, as far as on my craft and stuff, man. Sh I don't care who you Man.


Oh Joey, I had a free will man. Willie been locked up. Nah man, you remember you see that movie free? Yeah. I will jump, jump over that. Jump over the cliff. Yeah. Nah, I ain't, ain't happening Free. I ain't what You could. Yes. Probably. It ain't, It, it It would not, it definitely wasn't 'cause of that, bro. I, I ain't, I would, I'm not gonna call it a superstition. It just, I just, nah, I ain't, I ain't ain't, I ain't remember hearing that back in high school.


Man. Remember my coach, man, coach, coach Jim Crow. All right. Got a game Saturday. Do your best to your girlfriend. Nothing. You want your legs strong. You don't want 'em weak. And it just stuck with me. Yeah, well, you know out you, what did everything you say, coach, say, Hey look here. Hey, that was a great week of practice. Yeah. The haze in the barn. Yeah. I want you to go home. Get off your feet. She gonna be off her feet too, coach. Man, you don't get no joy. They gonna be on their feet too.


But, you know, hey, the family come in town and say, look, I know the family gonna come in town and your wife, your girlfriend gonna want you going all over here and your mama and your mom-in-Law. Oh, hey, just tell 'em you can't, you can't go, you know, you can't go, don't you? I mean, you know, people gonna be wanting to go to the movies. I mean, you know. Oh, I oh them days. I Can't believe you. You terrible Man. Hey, there was some good days. It was a good, it was a good days though, Joe. Yeah. But it was some good days. You don go to the movies, saving Private Ryan. Yeah. You ain't gonna see Private Ryan. Yeah, Yeah. Classic. I don't, yeah man. I don't even remember what year that came out, but I know I saw it in the movie 98. I know I saw it in the movie. Matter of fact 98. Yeah.


I was at wait 96, right? 9 6 9. Yeah. I was a sophomore. I was a sophomore. I was at, I was at Santa Monica. Matter of fact, matter of fact, guess who Theater I went to go see it. I remember now. Where? Magic Johnson. Magic Johnson Theater. Magic Johnson Theater Magic Johnson City. Yeah. 'cause at that time I was, I was dating this, this chick named Roxy. Yeah. I don't, she might even see this Roxy. She stayed in the jungles. She stayed in the jungles in the third building. 'cause my mama was in LA at the time. This is when I was there. Santa Monica College. Right. Mama was in LA at the time. I saw saving private Ryan at I, it had to be Magic Johnson. It had to be. 'cause I really couldn't go anywhere else. I had to stay within the area. Yeah. See, see you went and saw Private Ryan. Yeah, I took my girl.


She saw Lieutenant Big Nuts. And you remember who you was dating way back then? Yeah. For real? Yeah. How do you remember way back In 1998? No. About No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Ocho at that point in time. I had, we had broken up, so I was singled then. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. No. Can you, you still remember your partners from that long ago? Oh Man, I could tell, I could tell you every girl by name. What? Every girl that I've ever dated That's impo. Unc. That's impossible. Ocho what? You wrote everything down Ocho. I guarantee you, I can tell you every girl I've had sex with damn near by name, you Dead ass.


That's impossible. Unc. Oh hell nah. You bull. You man, boy, you driving O Joe, you, oh, Lemme tell Ojo. Come on, man. Unc, that's don't impossible. Ojo. I don't forget a name, a face or an incident. Unc, I can't even fathom. Like that's, that's, do you know how crazy that sound from Savannah State? No, f forget that from high school, Savannah State. Oh. Oh. I can tell you every, every girl I, every girl I can tell you name, I can damn near tell you the day of the week that we had sex.


How do you remember That? That's, that's like, that's okay. Okay, okay. So it, Because I had, I, I only, I only I Come On man. Listen, I ain't never heard. I ain't never heard nobody say that. I mean, that's something I wish I could forget. That was, that was good And terrible. Yeah, I, I understand that. But the fact that you, but the fact that you could even even recall from that long ago is, is Yeah, for sure.


Is that, that is commendable. Yeah, because I can't, I can't remember nothing from high school. I can't remember nothing really. I can't remember nothing from Santa Monica College. Oh yeah, please, Now, boy. So I, hey, so something. I tried to split the block For real. Nah, hell Nah. Oh, okay, okay, okay. I Was no high school or college, man. Damn. They, you just never know. You, you never wanted to rekindle a flame. Nevermind. Nevermind. I don't wanna get you in no trouble, but, okay. Damn. That's crazy. No, you got a, you, you got a great, you got good memory of what? Oh Yeah, for sure. Good memory. Damn. I mean, I've, I've, I've had women come up to me and talk about, oh, you remember me where I remember you from.


And they Oh, I swear. And people think I'm lying. Yeah. But they come and say, oh, you know we had sex. I said, nah baby, we ain't have no sex because I can tell you we ain't have sex. Then She break it down. No. No. Oh. They be lying. They be lying. Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. I know. I mean, oh, I I mean, I'm sure had I not been who I had, I not become who I became. Right, right. They would've never came up to me and said that Said anything. Right. But because, and I guess they done told their girlfriends or they told somebody, damn. Yeah. That's even, even though some of them Oh, oh, Ocho.


Yeah. Your boy, I, and look here when I say I was hell When I was, well, when I was, well right. When Vegas, when they say, Hey, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Yeah, boy. Okay. Yeah. See, I didn't, I don't, I didn't, man, I maybe I missed out. You missed out. That's, oh, so that's why I'm saying I don't need to go nowhere. That's right. But I'm saying during, even in my day, in my, in my prime, my prime years in Cincinnati, my prime years in the off season, I don't go nowhere. And I think like, I, I, I don't think I missed out on anything. Just like the Vegas, the trips, you know, the, the DR trips.


I love hearing the stories with the fellas. Oh, Dr. I ain't never been to Dr. I Need to go like, I ain't, I ain't do none of that. I ain't do none of that. Dude. Even during my prime video games, cigar bar, jazz club, that's it. And whoever I was dating, like anything outside of that, every Blue moon because of my friends I was with, and I wanted 'em to be able to have a good time, enjoy themselves, experience things they would never experience if they weren't friends of mine. Every blue moon. Oh. They take, I don't know what it's like, I don't know what it's like to go to Vegas with the fellas and have a good time. You know? I do Just see, I, I feel like I, I missed out on something. Maybe I didn't. But I enjoy hearing the stories.


I love it. Here, here in Miami. Everybody done been to Booby Trap. Everybody done been to Club Live. I done been here all my life. I ain't been to live yet. Why been? I Need to go to live. We need to go to Live Ocho. We gotta go to live though. Oh no, boy. You see them Prices? Absolutely not. What kind Of prices, Man? Man, ridiculous. And I, I, I love, oh, you Gotta pay. You gotta, you gotta pay to go in. I Love Dig Grutman, but I don't drink alcohol. I don't need, I don't need no section. No, I don't wanna No section. Nah, um-Mm. Well did we gotta do something mofo before we get it kicked off? I mean, but we can go to Buoy Trap.


I ain't never been, I like hearing stories about Buoy Trap. You know, I heard they got good food. We can go to Tootsies now. I, I frequent Tootsies all the time with Rel. Me and Rel go upstairs. VIP Tootsies shoulder rub. I they eat dinner. Listen, they got good dinner now. Shrimp fried rice. Seafood Rice with lobster tail caramel on the side. Cake Look with a tail. It ain't no lobster though. Hey. Oh, so we gonna do something before, before we, before we, Yeah, I, I cut. I'll swing through. You Coming to Miami? I come to Miami. Okay, Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. I got Somebody. Oh, so they, they, Hey, hey. Look, look, Look, look, look ahead. Look here.


Real. Right. Come here. Hey, What's up Ra? Hey, I'm coming to mi, I'm coming to Miami. Me and Ocho gonna hit the time. Oh, I'm gonna take you out because he don't go outside. See? Yeah. I told, I told you. You don't go. I don't, I don't go nowhere. Well, you gonna be outside. Yeah. I'm, I'ma go, I'm, I'ma go this time I'm gonna go to, it is like, it's a fellow trip. It's a fellow trip. She just trying to Stay real bait, real bait, real bait. Nah, nah. I, I, this, we got this face, this, this debate. No, no, no. Re bait. Right. That's my uncle. You know, she goes, you like, who is that? Ra? That's my uncle. Okay. You. I'm, I'm the matchmaker though. I'm the matchmaker. Let Ra work her magic. Look, that's My uncle.


He ain't here for a long time. He here for a good time. That woo there. It's, see what I'm saying? On y crazy. Hey, matter of fact, I'm glad you just said that. Talking about matchmaker at the gym, you know, I work out at the gym every morning. Yeah. And hey, what, what area is that? Davy and Davy. Yeah. I saw somebody you would've liked. I asked, I say, miss, I apologize. I'm sorry to bother you, but are you married? She said, no, I'm not married. But listen, I have someone, a potential that I would like you to meet. His name is Unc. And she's like, who is unc? She's smiling. She laughed. She obviously, she must watch the show. I said, Shannon, she said, oh yeah, I've met Shannon before.


And she smiled and finished the workout. I swear, Hey, I sw for God. Okay. Hey, listen, rest in peace. My mama rest in peace. I sw for God. And this was just about maybe three days ago. Three days ago. I think she's might be a doctor. Might be a doctor. Looks like kind of Filipino and Asianist, but black as well. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't know if you remember, if you can recall. Very cool. Very cool. And when I mentioned your name, she lit up like a light bulb. Oh yeah. I met Shannon. I met Shannon folks. She lit up and then she went, she Oh man. Yeah, she went on. She, She had nice legs, Huh? Oh, I don't, I ain't. Look at man. Re right here.


Back. Come on. Don't do Ra Re saw Rel You saw how she look. Re you know what I'm talking about. All the ladies at the gym and they all, all the ladies who go to my gym, they all got nice legs. I don't, I dunno. At ocho. Yeah. You know how I like Ocho. You know how I like my legs. Wait, she, she, if I'm not mistaken, she's kind of tall. Like maybe I know. I say, you know, I like my legs. How you like them Beat at the bottom? Who? Hard to talk. That's how I like my legs i's saying Right there. Don't, don't go bother that right there. Hey, she, she was, Hey, she, she was, she was cool. She was cool. I was like, and I, I was respectful first because most of the people there are married. Right. See, I, I said, are you married? She say, no, I'm divorced.


Boom. Perfect. I got somebody, I got somebody. I got somebody I want, I got somebody I want you to meet. And say, soon as I said sh I said Unc. He said, who is unc? I said, you know Shannon, where she lit up and smiled? Smiled big. She turns. Yeah. I, I met, I, I met, I met, I met Shannon a while ago and went on by that business. I got we global. Oh yeah? Yeah. We global now. We glo we every, we everywhere. We everywhere. Huh. Lemme, lemme see. Hold on, hold on. I think we found her. I think we found her. I think we found her. Hold on, hold on. We found him real. Found on. Yes sir, it is. Yep. Yep. Now tells it's birthday.


Hey, send a picture. No, don't, Hey, send the picture. Send it to my phone. It's her birthday. Send it to his in. Send out Instagrams. Yeah. Hey, it's her birthday today too, huh? Yep. How you know? How you know? I'm talking about? Oh yeah. There ain't that many people anyway. Okay. Yeah. All right. I got you. You, you owe me one for this too now. Yeah. Yeah. I owe you. Yeah. Get you back in there. I'm get you back in there. Good. You Know boy, if I give him a lick and a promise, I hit a lick today. And promise I give you more tomorrow. That's all I got for you ocho.


The lick, the promise I give you a lick. I promise I do better tomorrow. That's all I got, baby. I gotta use that. I give you a lick and promise. I give, I give you a lick today and I promise you promise I do mow tomorrow, dad. That's all I got. Hey, that's a good one, right? Yeah. Oh, That's Ocho UConn star. Paige Becker's assigned a first of a kind NIL deal with a new unrivaled basketball league. Her deal makes her the first college athlete. Huh? What'd you say? Ash? Oh my bad. Okay. I missed the story. Sorry. Kate. Ledecky is weighing in on pool Cardinal rule. Olympic swimmer sat down with comedian Leslie Jones.


Leslie or chat about at the 2020 fourth summer Olympic where she was asked point blank if she ever peed in the pool. Katie is insistent that she never does hold up. Is is insisted that she does not pee. We in the water no matter what. But she better than me because I showed pee in the pool when I was, when I was growing up. Yeah. That way you can't go to them public pools, man. Yeah. I ain't just lay Hey there. That's the, there's there's a reason they put chlorine in there. Not enough. Not enough. Nah. Listen, I ain't been, I ain't been, I ain't been to the public pool in so long. I'm glad I got, I got my own pool here.


I don't even get in that Man. But you know the people peeing the pool, they done drop long to the pool. Be float like little submarines. Come on man. But what pool? What pool they do that in? Do people do In the pool? Nah, I don't buy a do in the pool. Maybe the babies, but I know. Hey, chat. Y'all better chat. Y'all better tell it. I ain't, I ain't never heard of that now. Yeah. Unc in the pool. Yes. Nah, maybe I'm talking about little kids now. I the No, What I'm saying kids. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Sometimes he Kid, that kid probably like somewhere between 10 and 15 did some mess like that. I know. Grown. You know, grown folk don't like to get outta no pool. I'm think about you getting out, you in the pool. You think I'm finna get out and go all the way to the bathroom and I'm already pool.


Nah, you uhuh. Yeah. You gotta do that Ocho don't be nasty. Nah, I, but I ain't, I ain't been in the pool. I'm about when I was legit when I was a shorty, I ain't ain't, I ain't sit here and lie, you know? Yeah. Oh yeah. I ain't been to man, I haven't been to man, I ain't been in a pool. Ooh Lord. I'm trying to think when the last time I minute actually been in the pool. Minute, minute. And I can, I can tell you last time I've been in the pool, Olympic sized pool with Charles Halley Park. And that's been, that's been years. Years. I tell you what, last time I've been in the pool, probably about 92.


God damn. Can't you even my brother had a, you can't, my brother had a pool party. Remember I told you? Oh yeah. Oh, in Daytona. Yeah. She can't die, you know, I've hate. So yeah, that was it. Can you, you think you could still swim? It's been this long. I can swim. Yeah, for sure. Okay. Oh yeah, because we, like, we used to have a thing, if you went to Savannah State, you know about Orange Crush and I think they try to relive it now, but dude had a boat. I was the only one that could swim out to the boat because the boat could only come so close to the water. Right. Because it get grounded. So I was really the only one that could swim out to the boat, get in the bowl, you know, we, then I jump out, swim back to shore. Yeah. I could swim For sure. Okay. Okay, okay, okay.


Yeah. But no going, no, no pin in the pool. Nah. Okay. Again, UConn star Paige Becker's assigned a first of a kind NIL deal with a new unrivaled basketball league. Her deal makes her the first college athlete with ownership equity in a professional league. She will also play in the w Unrivaled league as well as the WNBA after her career, after her college career ends. Unrivaled is this is a, is a three on three women's basketball league that will begin playing January of 2025 and was founded by WNBA Stars Brianna Stewart and Nisha Collier. It will feature 30 players on 16th and a three on three compressed full court.


Wow. Style of play. The league wants to give players a domestic alternative to play in the w in the WNBA off season, Which you take. Yeah, I like that. I like that giving the, giving the ladies the outlet so they don't have to travel all the way overseas to be able to recoup some of the income that they're missing out on and give them, give them the chance to do that and stay home is perfect. I think. I think it's a great idea. I think it's a great idea. Instead of them having to travel all the way across the water. Oh yeah, Yeah. You know, you, you, you stay here and you, you, you can enjoy Just Leave. I think she, did she sign a, what you call ocho? Didn't she sign a, a Nike deal? Ash? Didn't she get a Nike deal also? You wait it while she was still in college. You could Do that. I think she got, I I think she has her own, doesn't she have her own Nike shoes thing?


Ash. Okay. Okay. Yeah. The Nike deal. Yeah. Okay. That's dope. That's dope. That's dope. That's, I like that, that I like that a lot. The Volume, Hey, we all love bacon, right? I mean, who does it? And did you know Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon for 12 hours over real hard wood? That's a really long time to affect that smoky flavor. In that time that Oscar Meyer is smoking their bacon, you could fly from Madrid to la. Matter of fact, you could fly from Miami to the Bay Area in the Bay Area back and that's the same 12 hours.


Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious bacon. There is no wrong way to enjoy it. So go out and buy some Oscar Meyer thick Cut bacon now and enjoy Hey there. It's Ryan Seacrest for Safeway. It's back to deals time now through August 15th. Enjoy storewide deals and earn four times rewards points. Look for in-store tags. For eligible items from Stouffers, you join them Kraft mac and cheese and mission tortillas for easy prep dinners. Then clip the offer in the app for automatic event long savings. Enjoy savings when you shop in store or online for easy. Drive up and go pick up or delivery restrictions apply. See website for full terms and conditions. Visit Safeway dot com for more details.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But odu, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.