
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Turning 65 or new to Medicare. You can get a healthcare plan with the freedom and flexibility to meet you where you are. With Humana's Medicare Advantage, PPO plans. You can see any doctor in the country who accepts Medicare, including specialists with no referrals. Plus, you can go in and out of network for the same copay for doctor's visits. Learn more@gethumana.com. Humana, a more human way to healthcare. Humana is a Medicare Advantage PPO organization with a Medicare contract. Enrollment in any Humana plan depends on contract renewal.


Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning, you write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeart Radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action. At Draftking Sports book and official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to dishing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to DraftKings Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


OCHO Michael responded to comments on his podcast today. He tweeted LOLI wanna, do people hate my podcast because it's actually good? Or do people hate it because it's bad? Because hella people in the NBA at NFL have podcasts and no one has a problem. I look at ocho, I'll beat I'll beat you the F up if you stop your podcast, you have a voice and a platform, use it or deal with the consequences from me. Listen, I I I like it. I I like the podcast. I like the era that we're in. Obviously the national media was in control of the narrative and the perception of athletes. Yes. I like the fact that athletes now have a voice.


They cut the middleman out. Yes, they cut the middleman. And I, I, I like the fact that I don't think it gets in the way. I don't think it's a distraction because when it's time to play the game of football and that whistle blows everything on the outside of that, it doesn't matter. You don't see it. We don't see it. I don't know how other people operate where they allow things on the outside to affect them when it's time to play football. But that's just not me. And I look at Michael Parson as one of those type of individuals who plays it the highest level and is really good in what I call a oppressive situation. When that star on his helmet and he always shows up to the occasion. Now at times he might say things he shouldn't say 'cause it puts pressure on everybody else around him where they have to, they have to show up to the party for some of the things he says.


But other than that man talk, you talk, people want to hear about it. Yeah. You know, everybody else is hush hush, everybody else quiet. You know, you have a game, you have a good game, you have a bad game. He doesn't hide. No. He talk when he talk, when he win, he talk when they lose. I think more fans should embrace that. I agree with Jojo. I I just think the thing is like, like, bro, the only problem I got with Micah and did he talk so positive about everybody else? Players, but he doesn't talk positive about his own quarterback. He's hyping Joe Burrow. Joe Burrow should have been the MVP Joe Burrow. Joe Bur Joe Burrow.


He never get, he was basing, he was, he was basing off statistics. All I know is that when he say top 10 quarterbacks, his quarterback wasn't one of them. So lemme ask you a question. If they ask Ochocinco a top 10 quarterback, even if Carson isn't one of them, you leaving him out? No, you're not. No, no. He, he, he gonna be in There we go. Thank you. That's all, that's all I'm saying. I think, and, and then obviously I, I don't think Michael was probably thinking about it like that. Obviously when the, when the question was asked, You know, he was just, You know, just rambling off what he thought, who he felt as top 10 were, and not putting Dak in it. Probably it, it should have dawned on him. But we talk about a defensive player. I'm an offensive player. So the first thing I'm gonna name is obviously my quarterback. Who's responsible for my, my success.


I agree. Now, if, if it was CD Lamb who was asked that same question, guess won't be in that top team. Right? And probably gonna be the first quarterback. Say ask me who the best safety was Steve Atwater. Yeah. I'm taking my guys. They're like, well yeah, this, no, hey they've been God great guys. You, but I'm saying I won championship. Those guys ain't win no championship. You not gonna win no championship with Joe, bro. Unless you get traded there, it's gonna be Dak. I'm always gonna point my guy. Right. I'm always, I'm always gonna praise my dog. I don't give a damn if he can't, can't do nothing. Sit on the porch. That's my dog though. No, I don't care if your dog can die on the phone.


That ain't got nothing to do with me. That's not my dog. Right. My dog lazy, but that's mine. So I'm always gonna hype up. I'm gonna hype up my guy. But that's, look, he has a way of doing thing. I think the thing is he's going to learn this trial and error when you talk as much as we talk, and I tell people this all the time. When you talk for a living, you are going to make some mistakes. You're gonna say, because sometimes you're talking faster than your brain is processing it. Yeah. So gonna, yay. Sometimes you gonna open your mouth and the toll gonna pop out because you got your foot in your mouth. It, it happens though. Church, think about how much I talk for Nightcap. I got, I got two shows of ESPN. I got five shows of Nightcap.


I got a club. Yeah. It's gonna happen. You know, people ask me all the time, say, man, how you don't lose your voice? Because when I go home I don't talk talking. And this is the one thing, and this is the one thing about Michael Parsons having a podcast too, is I know what, I know what I get on the field from him on Sundays quarter one, quarter two, quarter three, quarter four. I know what I get. Ain't no question about it. I can close my eyes, I can tell you what he going to do. It don't matter who he playing. So he gets a little leeway. Ain't that matter Now everybody else, if you ain't not there on the goddamn feeling, you ain't doing nothing. There's no reason for you to be talking after the game or having podcast in the first place.


'cause you ain't doing your job and you ain't doing your job on Sunday. What is that for you to talk about? Right? All 32 teams attended the HBCU combine. We can't make an NFL team grab HBCU players or pick them, but you can show what their abilities are. It's four or five of these guys to me that can be in this league. I agree. No, we're not, we're not saying look, but if you don't see, if you don't see 'em, obviously OCHO Scouts had to come see what Savannah State had to offer. I mean, they came and they tested my junior year. They came and looked. We had a couple of guys, like we had a guy named Bobby Curtis and he was outstanding. And so, You know, they would come down and obviously when something, You know, you hear about, Hey man, this guy might go to the NFL, some scout's gonna be there.


We played Central Florida and You know, we play teams like that. Play Georgia Southern. Right. Okay. Scout's gonna be there. Oh, I'm gonna shine. You might come there looking for somebody, but I guarantee you when you leave, you gonna ask Who that number two? Yeah. Hey Bill. Yeah. Every time that number two, that that, that he a sophomore. Okay. And you, and that's, that's one, that's one thing I always say the iron and the Scott, a lot, a lot of players, they always focus on focus on going to the right school, You know, going to the PWIs. And I listen, it don't matter where you go because when the, when the scouts turn on the film, all you gotta do is pop out of pop out. A if you, if you, if you really who you think you are, it don't matter if you go, it is what you do when you get there, they will find you.


You could play football with the Sisters of the North in Alaska. When they turn the film on and they see that certain number that's always active and popping out on film, it's easy to stand out. If everybody wearing white and there's one person in black, you gonna be able to notice it right away. When you turn on the film, they will notice you. Yeah. It doesn't have you, Hey, I tell you what, but you don't know what number my number is. Go watch Savannah State. I guarantee you at the end of the game, like, man, who is that? Number two? Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And matter of fact, and if you do, if you do, if you do go to smaller schools and you don't pop out on film there, then what you gonna do when you at a bigger school?


Come on now. If you really, who you think you are, man, man, don't get me started. I'm not, I'm not here to preach it ain't something. But that's how I was. I was always, I always wanted to show out, show up ocho. 'cause I remember we had, yeah. Oh, Joe, we used that. I call em what they call 'em Jamboree. You know the jam? Did y'all have Jamborees? We had Jamboree in high school. Yeah. At Orlando Stadium. At Orlando, yes. Yeah. So you play one team for a half and then you play another team for a half. And then that team played one team for a half. So we had those. And so we had a spring, my senior, we, my, my junior, we had a spring game and we had this, this player and coach was like, coach Hall was gonna put us all on the team together and stack the team to make sure I said, nah, I wanna be on the other team.


'cause I knew all the scouts, Emon, Georgia, South Carolina, all the scouts was gonna be there. Hey, graveyard had to show up on nothing. No sir. No sir. I they're cutting up. No sir. Hey, owning graveyard with here. Hey. Oh Joe, I'm telling you, when I left the field, there were bodies everywhere that I graveyard with here. Those the good old days. I missed those. The legendary lt, the original lt. Now we got a little LT lath.


My dog wants Micah Parsons to STOP podcasting and put his focus on football. He's a great player. But guys, let's do more, let's play more football. Let's podcast Micah in particular. He'll have a a, a movie, a action movie. The brother got it. But don't forget where you are at. Listen, I like Lt and anything coming from one of the greatest, if not the greatest of all time, especially on the defensive end. And he's talking about one of, one of the great right now. I agree, but I kind of disagree, especially with the times that we're in right now. Michael Parsons, he plays really well. He plays at a very high level along with this podcast.


The podcast doesn't take anything away from him on the action football field between the lines, when the whistle blows, You know what you're getting, what he left. You know what you're getting from Uno, UNO every time. Now when you look at them defensively, you'll say, well, they got some weak spots. Well, Michael only plays in one spot. He can't be everywhere. Sometimes he, he, he's he's stretch line sometimes, You know, sometimes they go down in the three, sometimes they got him sitting down there in, in sitting down there in a box at a linebacker position, moving around, trying to find ways because he's good in space. Stop lying. All that part. Oh, we gonna have a, we gonna have a, we gonna have a Ravens defense.


We gonna have a, a Seahawks defense. But he's supposed to say that. Huh? He supposed No, you don't, don't, you ain't gotta say nothing. Hold on. Keep your mouth shut, Ocho. No you don't. You've gotta stop telling these guys. They got to say something. Sure they did. But you have to believe in your team and who you, who you playing for. Tap it to yourself. So how did he, okay, he said what? He said, okay, we gonna win when he don't win. How did that make him look? Ocho Well, it it, it make him look crazy. But, You know, You know, can, can, can I say something real quick? Yes. I can say he say something crazy all the time, right? Mic Michael Parson been talking crazy all off season. This, You know, this season when the Cowboys do play, You know, You know who do show up, who know you jump in the passing game.


What about when they get the ball run down their throat? Hey, You know, they run away from you ma they ran away from lt. What did he do? You right. They ran away from Regi. Yeah, you right, you're right. Hey, listen, he, I mean my listen, I mean, LT has to understand we we're in a different time. We're in a different era. You know, some guys, they like to talk about the game of football, the talk about the game of football after it's being played. They focus on it when they're at it. But in their off time they have podcasts. That's just where we are right now. Our thing could have changed if he stopped doing his podcast and all of a sudden he could have, I mean, no, Michael Parson is a player that he is, he's one of the great ones in the NFL right now at Woody Does. And it just, it just, it just, it is what it is.


I I I lt I like it. I like the L t's opinion though. Pass O pass. OTA got a, a podcast that, that's, that's not you of the year. That's not him. What? Got a podcast. That's not him. The defensive player of the year. That's not him. You, you, you're, you're calling, let me finish. You call the names of the good what they do at their Pacific positions, but that's not what they wanna do. Michael Parson wants to have a podcast because he likes to talk. Some guys wanna win and some guys wanna be, some guys wanna be famous and promote themselves. Now, which one you wanna be? Because see, the quickest way to bring a build a brand is to win Michael Jordan brand. What is it? Magic Johnson brand. What is it? Johnson, Peyton Manning. Tom Brady.


Patrick Mahomes. What were their Joe Montana. What were their brands based on? Ocho, LeBron James, Steph Curry. Hey, you heard everybody use name. You heard everybody just name Right. You were ball dominant and were in control of those wins and losses. You talk about a defensive, you talking about a defensive player? You talking about a defensive end that can change the trajectory of a game, but has nothing to do with wins and losses. Oh, he definitely does. So LT didn't impact, so the LT didn't impact the game. Come on. Now we, we, we know that.


We know what he, okay. What about Ray Lewis? Did he impact the game? Of course. What about Prime? I get, okay, what about Prime? How was Prime? How was Prime bringing what let you say that? Yeah, he couldn't impact the game though because, You know, hold on. So Mic Michael Parsons don't impact the game. I'm just asking you. Oh, I, no, I'm, I'm, I'm, there have been a lot of guys that impact the game. Wait, we ain't just you, you, you do realize we ain't talking about no slouching now we talking about Michael. No, no. But there have been a lot of guys that impact the game. There have been guys that impact the game less, but one more and got a bigger plan. I'm saying this is the team game.


I just want, I just want to just say to remember that now we talking the only game, the team you mentioned Prime. Do you see what Team Prime was playing for? Do you see what, what else was around him while he was doing what he was doing? Guess what? They went and got Prime. Yeah. San Francisco said, You know what, we can't beat Dallas. We gotta go get Prime. That went and got Prime. What did the Cowboys do? Go get him back. Yeah. It ain't that complicated though, Joe. I'm saying look, I I'm with you. I'm, I'm with you when you're right, I'm with you. I'm with you when you're right. But also we're in a different time right now. We are, we are. I think the thing Ocho I think the thing is, is like, look, Micah wants to have a career after football.


And it seems to be he wants it to be on the media side. No problem whatsoever. And I think he, what he's doing, he's starting out. 'cause I had a, I had a, I had a, a radio show when I was in, when I was in Denver, right? Started, I think I started in like 96. My guy Don Martin, I know you watching the show. He was at iHeartRadio for a number of years. I don't know, I don't know if Don's still there, but he was my producer. So Don and I, we go way back. And so I kind of like, I really didn't know what's what I was gonna do, but I'm like, Hey, they're like, would you like to do a a, a a a radio show? I was like, yeah, how much y'all paying? I wasn't paying a whole lot of show, but they gave me an opportunity to talk when they asked me, You know, come in to the do the local news.


I hell I do that. Right. You know, Hey. And so I knew, I I was, I could do something in the media. I was always very candid, very straightforward. But I don't think there, there, there was ever a doubt that anybody that had ever been with me ask my teammates football was at the forefront. Right. And anything that interfered with that wasn't gonna happen. Right? So my, my, my radio show show was I would tape it after Friday's practice, go in there and hit that thing for about 25 minutes. Right. I'm done. Done right, I'm done. That's, that's it for me. It'd been very interesting. Ocho and people, I I've gotten asked this question, if you were playing it today, would you have a podcast?


I wouldn't. I'm I, I'm too, I, I, I can't, I have a singular focus. I'm only, I've only been good at a handful of things. Right. But not never si never simultaneously. That's why I'm not married. I would, I would, I was, I was either, I was good at football and a terrible boyfriend. Either. I was a great boyfriend. I would be terrible at football. So guess what? You one had to go, Hey, Shane. What, what? You talking now? You hear me? I'm just being, I'm just, I'm just, I just, I just, I'm just honest with yo, I just honest. That's why. So I have a singular focus. If you notice when I'm good at something, I'm great at it because I'm all in.


Ain't no a a ain't no s and Gretel. I don't save no bread crumb for the trip home, mocho. I'm lost. Right. I'm lost. Don't, yo, I ain't got no navigation on how to get back. All I know is, is once straight ahead. Right? I'm go we going that way. I'm gonna get people to be with me that believe in, I believe in the vision and we're gonna go get it done. Yes, sir. But that's just me. Like I said, I think, see the biggest mistake that we make is that we try to see ourselves in other people. Right. That's my biggest mistake. That's my biggest mistake. It is. And, and I'm gonna, I gotta talk because I I I, I think I can say I I ocho honestly, I think I can save everybody and, You know, Hey, hey man, can you don Sure.


No problem. Call Shelly. Hey man, we got this call Shelly. And You know, if 25 here is 50,000 there, it's a hundred thousand here. And, and, and, and, and my, my my a my Marvin Marvin Moff, who's my agent, and he is been my right hand man for 29 years. Yes sir. So you gotta stop this. Yeah. He said, I under, he says, I, I, I understand. He says, I understand you better than most. Right. I'm an 83, I think he said 83, 80 4-year-old Jewish guy. He said, but I, I, I know you. And he said, but you gotta stop this shutter.


He said, you can't save everybody. He said, you got too big. You, you say you got too big of a heart. Yeah, same. I learned that quick and mo and most of the time, You know that I learn quick no matter how much you do. Sometimes they forget about first time you say no, hey man, I just, man, they forget about it. They forget about all the time to say yes. And I, that's mine always trying to save a feeling. I can CI can come in and put my cape on. Oh, I got you. Don't worry about it. I got you. And every time on the back end, you end up regretting it. Every time.


I I ocho i, i I don't regret it. I mean, a lot of times I give, I give to charities, but a lot of times I give, I give. But like I said, Ocho, I give the i I give with, I don't have any expectations. Right, right. Getting anything back. Right. Right. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. And Shelly called me the other day and says, I said, what's up? Well, you need to stop giving away so much money. Yeah. I said, Shelly, you called outta the blue with that. She like, yeah.


I said, okay. And then I don't know if, if she talked to Marvin or Marvin called her, but he had a conversation with me today. So I'm done. IIII can't help everybody. Ocho I'm done trying. Yeah, I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. Yeah. I'm, and because I don't have federal government capabilities, I can't just print money to stimulate the economy. I gotta make my money. I tell my, literally make my money old fashioned. I can't go print it. Right. I'm good. I'm, I'm, I'm done. So don't ask, the answer is no.


Moving forward. What's the today, the date? Today it's the 20th. Okay. The date of 19th. February 19th. That's the 20th. Okay. Time the 20th where you are. Yeah. Yeah. So if you, if you, if you in the Eastern time zone, no, if you in the west, if you the Pacific Time zone in an hour and 40 minutes, the answer will be no. If my phone was to go back to be off. So don't call me. No.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPGA tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner. And Keira k Dixon, NBC sports reporter and host. You forgot to say former Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf. They're superpower All just people we like. Plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf Hope isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle, we, Heather McMahon, Amanda Balles. So if you want to keep up with us and here's Yap. Tune to our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with me and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This, this podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me. But just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this. Something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of. I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we quit. Expert tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The Drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, there's shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on shanking that glass ceiling. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports


Ocho The Cowboys overhaul their and staff this off season. Parting waves with Mike McCarthy and promoting OC Brian Heimer, the Cowboys hired Arizona Cardinal's offensive line coach Clayton Adams for the open OC role. Here's what Adam wants to see in the offense. The same thing. I wanna see the same thing I want from every player on offense. And that is to create violence in the game. Be aggressive, run, hit. I think every decision that we make, schematically needs to lean into that direction. So if there's a a gray area, what is going to allow these guys to play more free and run and hit and be violent? Mocho. Do you think the Cowboys will be able to create a violent offense next year?


I mean, You know, violence always starts at, at the forefront right up front. It starts in the trenches. That's where the violence need to come from. That's where the violence needs to come from. It it, it starts with the front, the front five. They gotta set the tone. That's where it comes from. Everything else is built off what that offensive line does. So that, that's where, that's where it comes in at. So how is the offensive line going to be? 'cause everything he just reiterated, everything he just said is not going to be possible unless the no is exactly like I'm just gonna throw, I'm just gonna throw it out there like the eagles, like the ravens you right.


That's it. Everything you wanna do, whatever you set your eyes to, whatever you come into the off season or into into the season saying you wanna do offensively. It all starts with the offensive line. If you ain't got that, if they ain't got that mentality, no it ain't happen. Tip front to back. Ocho you build front to back, line back D line back. Yeah. Start. And they, you say that, but that's a mentality. Yeah. You got it. But it it, I mean I take my hat off to teams like the Eagles who, I don't know how much they hit, but they taken a lot of the physicality out of it.


Ocho. 'cause you don't practice like that. Yeah, we used to practice. Yeah. We had 9 0 7 prac. Practice. Practice. Oh we put, hey we putting pad, You know we're putting pads on people. Yeah. Yeah. It's hard because you, you go out there and you do it walkthroughs and all of a sudden, hey, turn it up. Turn what up? But it was a mindset. Oh we about you. About to, Hey, hey. Oh yeah. Move a man against his will. His will. Think about that Chad. That means think about when you say, you say so. Hey get off my porch. I ain't going nowhere the hell you say you finna leave here and you do that over and over Ocho.


You gotta make them quit. Somebody quit today And that's what, that's exactly ain't quit. What happens by the time you get to the fourth quarter? They gonna quit. They gonna fold. I ain't, I ain't quitting. Yeah, for sure. I gotta make you turn it down because see, I know how you run. Okay, because back, You know back when we played Ocho, we rolled your ass up. We were cutting and I know you're getting up quick in the first quarter. Yeah. Oh Ocho they get up quick. Yeah. Oh they, they getting up. Hey, hey, I'm still making the play. I said okay. Okay. Chop chop second.


Hey, the second quarter, Ocho. Hey I'm still here. Sharp. Yeah. Third quarter man still out my knees. Fourth quarter. He ain't nowhere near ain't nowhere to be seen. But you got to, it's easy to talk about something Ocho. It's a lot more difficult to do it. Yeah. The coaches, the coach can talk all he want to. The coach can talk. He he can, he can talk. So he turned blue in the face. But unless you have the personnel and the players that have the mentality that you regurgitating or the mentality that you talking about, man, that ain't, they ain't, you ain't talking about nothing. You ain't, you ain't talking about nothing.


What you have is what you have right now. You say whatever you want, You know your team, You know your personnel. So you gotta be careful what you're saying. What you as for, because they're not built like that all of a sudden. Just 'cause you have an off season don't mean they coming back completely different next year. You are who you are. No. Yeah, Zack Martin has been in wars and he's one, been in one of the premier guards. He's one of the best guards that ever played this game. But he is had a lot of, he got a lot of miles on that body. Ocho Yeah. He's not the same guy. Yeah. You know, Tyre Smith had a lot of bows on his body. They let him go. Yeah. Still they, they they, they started to suffer when Travis Frederick had to retire.


Right. Prematurely. And they got guys now they not, they not built like that. They're not built like that. They can't run the football. See, You know, you how You know you violent when you can run the football. Yeah. That's where violence come in at. Absolutely. Absolutely. Look at the, look at teams that can run the football. They're a violent group. You know when I talking about offensive lines, the first thing I said was Eagles. And I said Ravens. Yeah. They gonna move everybody against State win when they play 'em. Detroit not, and not changing nothing regards to who they playing. Detroit is another one.


Oh yeah. Oh I forgot. But they se them boys, they don't, they don't play. No. So it's interest. I'm, I'm anxious to see what they do. I'm gonna see if they're gonna be able to run the football. Doell is a Rico doll is a, is a free agent. We'll see what they gonna do with the running back position. Right. Well You know Zeke won't be back 'cause they already let go. So now do they go into the draft? Do they get Genty? I think they picked 1213. Will Genti be available? That that'd be a good one. What? Running back. What Running back is gonna be available. Aaron Jones with Minnesota. They pushed this, they pushed this, his date back.


Okay. Could he become available? It seems like they want to get something long term done. Get him, get him a couple of years. Right. So it's gonna be very, very interesting to see what the Cowboys do at running back position. If free agency will probably kind of give you an indication of kind of direction that they're going to going to go with in the draft. A J Brown brought a life-sized mannequin to put his unwashed Super Bowl jersey on display in their home. AJ's longtime girlfriend posted a picture on Instagram. That's live point of view. Your boyfriend buys a six two mannequin to put his game one Super Bowl uniform on. He indeed did not watch it. Nope. You can't watch it. Nope. Don't do that.


That's, that's live man. That's dope. That, that's, that has to be one of the greatest feelings ob and obviously coming from someone who never won a Super Bowl, played in one but never won one. That's something I would do. That's something I would do. And you, you, you save at that moment and to be able to have it in your house, man hanging up like that on the mannequin, full display mouthpiece and all. You don't see the mouthpiece. You got the mouthpiece on the helmet and everything. Oh yeah. Everything. That's live man. That's live. Well I wouldn't even have because I have those mouth. Huh? Where your Super Bowl stuff at? On the wall. Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. On the wall. That's dope. That's dope. But I don't know somebody because You know they make you two jerseys jersey in Baltimore.


They gave me both of my jerseys. Right. Somebody got somebody Denver got, got my 32, I had 33 extra Jersey. Right. Hold, hold on, let me use the bathroom real quick. I done drink to no more. Go ahead. But I like that. Got the shoes and everything on the mannequin. Damn, aj. I I don't know where the pants are. I ain't finna lie And tell you now about the pants. I know I got the jersey. I gave the Super Bowl helmet. I think Darryl Green got my Super Bowl helmet because I traded with him. I'm almost certain Darryl Green got my Super Bowl helmet.


I got my Super Bowl Ravens helmet. It's funny that I traded, I remember going to the super, I go went to the Pro Bowl. I traded Pro Bowl helmets one year I was with Denver. I traded Pro Bowl helmet with Jonathan Ter. I got that, that original, I don't know Chad who a Ravens fan, but y'all I I, it was like a wing or something, but it was, it was kind of ugly. But Jo, I traded with Jo. He and I had the same agent he was with Marvin Dim off as well. So, but yeah, I still got, obviously my jerseys are hanging up.


I got one helmet. I know for sure. I don't know nothing about the pants. I don't know where the pants I held nobody. I mean it, I mean the, the thing was is like the thing was the Jersey show. Nobody even thought Jersey in the helmet wasn't nobody thinking about No, no, no pants. Yeah. Well what about the cleats? Because You know your clea, sometimes your clea need a a a special pair. And You know, especially now it's 30 days. I'm Darle somebody got them. Yeah. I'm trying to think because like when I played like my last couple of years, Nike made me Pat Leather Clea. I remember the time, You know, you had to really be somebody to get a get a cleat.


Yeah. Get Pan now. Everybody got a cleat. Hey, who wore a, who wore the greatest heat today? I was like dude on special teams and he better tell me he got yours. Right. How you run down on special team and you got Pat Leather George Ocho you, hey you look, look good. You ain good. No, you on special teams. You get some get some some three quarters and go on out there and make a tackle. You don't need no low talk, no low top cle pat leather. But I was like, like I would play the shoot and then I would practice in it and I end up giving to a teammate. Mm. Where your Super Bowl jerseys at?


At at at my grandma house. At my grandma house. My little, my little brother. My little brother. He got most of my memorabilia. A very good friend of mine in Cincinnati. When I left Cincinnati. He has most of my memorabilia and just, I, I don't, I don't know what's wrong with me. Once I stopped playing the game of football, I didn't really care about memorabilia. I don't, I don't have, I don't really have anything. I don't have anything. Friends of mine kind of kept everything. And, and once I removed myself from the game, I wasn't playing it anymore. And, and I was at peace. I, I let, I let everything disperse. Those that know me, CBS ranks every Super Bowl champ since 2000. The 2024 Eagles are the best Super Bowl team since 2000.


Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Since, since since two. Since 2000. Yeah. Okay. 24 Eagles are won. 2019 chiefs or two. The 16 Patriots or three, the 2013 Seahawks of four. The 2020 bucks or five, the oh six Colts. 6 0 4 Patriots. Oh eight Steelers. Oh nine Saints. 2010 Packers. Righters 17 Eagles. 14 Patriots. 2012 Ravens. I guarantee you. Yes sir. If they let us play by the rules that they played by not one of those offense scored on that Ravens defense.


Now I guarantee you won't nothing get more than 20 points. Listen, I could've told you that. I'll give, lemme take that back. They won't give more than, they won't give more than 14 points. Points. Listen, I could have told you that. How many, how many y'all Saquon had se had 57? He have, he didn't get over. He had 37 against that defense. Hey, he had 30, he had 57. He'd had 37. Hey, it was different back then. Man. And that's no disrespect to the, to the players. Yeah. They, they not let you play like that. I don't think they understand. I don't think, I don't think they understand what what at this, at great. No, they don't know that you at greatest Saquon is that Baltimore but that 2000 Ravens defense man, come on man.


They going, they going sideline the sideline right along with you. You not, you're not going downhill. You're not, you're not running toss you. Right. You not running stretch. You ain't moving nobody off the, You know, take that, take that Eagles offensive line against y'all, against y'all, y'all d-line back then. The 2000 Raven D-line. You know I run it 'cause you got Sam and Goose man please. And Ray and Ray running free because of Stan and Goose Ray hunting. Yeah. Sammy go. Yeah, yeah. You got, you got three 40, you got three 50 Ray free. That would've been ugly.


That would've been ugly. Listen, just to look, I I just to be able to get about is exciting. Yeah, it's exciting. You had to you, it's kinda like Barry you had to see, you had to see Barry in person to appreciate him. To understand and appreciate him. Yeah. To see Jerry, I was in the league when Jerry said that he got the triple crown in 90. So like those great players, you had to see 'em right. To see Derrick Thomas, to see Bruce Smith, to see Reggie White, to see those and to see Prime. I'm talking about a prime, prime up close to see a pri That's why, why you think I always speak so high? Why do you think I always speak so highly of Randy?


Why I always speak so highly of to why I always speak so highly of, of a four out here from Dade County in Liberty City, Antonio being able to see them dudes up close. And I've been watching the game of hoop ball for a very, very long time for a very, very long time. It is different when you look at stats and numbers, the finished product when you actually get the opportunity to see how the product was made. Yeah. When you saw the product in the lab, when you saw the product up close on grass and understanding, looking at Randy Moss and the Devi is playing 10 yards off and Mo don to close the cushion and he throw his hand up and still come on and what?


And still rub by, what are we talking about? Unbelievable. Yeah. But those, those rules, look, you can't play like that anymore 'cause you look, those guys go back and look at that 2000 and see how many quarterbacks they knocked out. I mean I saw, I saw a clip the other day of some of Ray Lewis' hit of some of SU's hits. I saw that. Y'all gotta, you gotta you go go. I'm talking about go back and watch 2000 and watch that defense. It was different man. Remember in 16 games they gave up 165 points.


I don't think people under, and they gave up thir and they gave up 35 in one game. They gave up 16 total points in the postseason in four games. That's crazy. I don't think people understand how good they were. Listen, from top to bottom there, there was no Oh yeah. Oh yeah. We had cmac and Heavy Dwayne Stark, we had Ken Herring and we had Woody Rod Woodson at Santis and our nickel was Cory Harrison. Our guy was Bailey and Trap Corey.


Goddamn Cory Harris. Man, I wonder what Corey at, man. Hopefully he ain't man. I don't even tell, I ain't gonna tell, I ain't gonna put the man business out there. But he was, he was a wild dude. Man. I'm leave it at that because You know me, Corey, Woody and Ray. Yeah that was, that was, that was the group. So the commanders potentially interested in trading for Cooper Cup. Jeremy follow reports talking to people around the league. He will have a market because he's so quarterback friendly. Yeah, certainly Washington is looking for in complimentary number two receiver Washington is looking to make a big, make big moves this off season.


Ocho could they actually land Cooper Cup and Miles Garrett? I, I bought Is that possible? Well I actually, You know, actually it is possible, especially with the cap going up to what is going up after, after the news I saw today it's 22 to 25 million increase. Yeah, it's possible. And I like, I like the move. I like the move. But You know what, You know what that does? What? Terry McLaurin, you add Cooper Cup. I think Naomi, Naomi Brown is still there. It takes some of the pressure off of Jayden Daniels. You got Zach Ertz, you got brother er it takes some of the pressure off Jayden Daniels You mean I get to have Cooper Cup who still is an elite rock runner.


If he can play outside, he can play inside. He can do this by anything and run the rock. Treat intermediate short. Hell, he he sneaky fast too with that. Yeah, if you wanna send him DI like to move. What? Talking about a triple crown runner man. He was just a Triple Crown winner not too long ago. Ain't nothing wrong with him and just the nature of the business on how it works. Go ahead and get him over there. You made it to the N championship. Well what you got, imagine if you add that to the p imagine you add that piece to the puzzle. Yeah, but look, and, and if I'm Washington, look, I'm going all in 'cause I'm doing everything I possibly can Ocho because in a couple of years I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to see.


I'm gonna have to see him. You gotta see him. Yeah. Yeah. He gonna show up at the paint window. Ocho, I ain't gonna show. Hey, You know, ain't gonna show up at the window. You remember the, you watch Martin. You watch Martin. Yeah. Remember the Christmas episode when they got stuck in the bus terminal and Martin was in the window asking some answer for some quarters to make a call. Yeah. That's how Jay Dave gonna be at that window. Yeah, he ain gonna make no call though. And hey and Josh Harris, look, they made it abundantly clear. They're trying to win. Oh yeah. You see the way the the, the way they move, how they do things, they're trying to win Magic Johnson.


Look, imagine with the leg. Look at that. They don't, they don't spend, I they, I don't know. They print money in LA If the Dodgers, they got mooky hell in just, in just in two salaries. They got a billion dollars show. Hay Freeman, Mookie Mookie. And they got picture. Hey, I got a question. Yeah. I listen, I don't, I don't wanna sign ignorant. I I, I honestly, I don't where that money coming from man. Where all that money come from. Because when I wa when I watch games, the games don't never, the stands don't never be full. I'm not talking about a Dodge. Oh, they do with the Dodgers. Not talking about the Dodge, the Dodgers. The Dodgers every year have the most fans.


Every they have. Yeah. Every year. Yeah. I'm just, boy look here, you ain't never been to Chavez Ravine boy, you talking about a Yeah, they lie. I wasn't specifically talking about the Dodge. I'm just saying in general. Oh, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know. I look mean they got two, they got two $700 million players and they got what you call them making 40 plus million. He got making 40 a year. Aaron Judge, he got nine years. 360. Oh nigga, they, they, they got, they got, I don't know. I don't know what they tell me. So we both know because if they got a money tree, I'm gonna go chop it down.


I, man, I'm telling you man, listen, I I was a, I was a highly sought out prospect coming outta high school, man. I was a five hula. And every time I look at them deals sometime I always say, You know what, I should have stuck with baseball. I don't know if your tool, I don't know if your tool was alon, a lawnmower, a backhoe. Nah, a pick a shovel. I don't know what your tools were, but they damn, I'm sure wasn't, wouldn't, wouldn't apply to baseball. I know that. I I'm talking about baseball. Miami B, senior high. Man look me up. Google me. You can Google me. Yeah, you can Google. Yeah. Yeah. Pitcher. I was a slugger. Played first, second, third, and outfield. I did look everything. Yeah, you did.


I tell you, I tell you. No lie. You know them all. I gonna try to draft me outta high school right before they won a World Series in 1997. They did. Huh? I did. They were trying but my grandma said no. Hey, my grandma ain't play that. Or you need to focus on school. She was tripping little. That didn't work.


Hey, this is Mel Reed, LPG tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Kira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. You forgot to say all my Miss America by the way. And we've got a new podcast. Quiet please with Mel And Kira, we are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture, some golf hats and interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make, make golf. They're superpower. All just people we like plus tales from the road and everything in between. By the way, golf isn't just for the dads. Brads and Chads. Yeah. It's actually life's cheat code and we're not gonna be quiet about it on or off the course. We're bringing on some of our friends like Michelle Lee, Heather McMahon, Amanda Ball Otis. So if you want to keep up with us and here is Yap. Tune into our new podcast. Listen to Quiet Please with Mel and Kira, an iHeart women's sports production in partnership with Deep Blue Sports and Entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Capital One, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


It was a moment that should have broken me, but just because of how I was raised and my bullishness and arrogance to wanna be great hardened me, it gave me a platform to be so singularly focused on greatness. We all have moments like this, something happens that's supposed to break us, but it's in these moments that we discover what we're really made of.


I promise you, if anyone knows this, it's me. I'm Ashlyn Harris. I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party. Your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf. Featuring interviews with top players on tour like LPGA Superstar Angelian. I Really just sat myself down at the end of 2022 and I was like, look, either we make it or we Quit. Extra tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country club. The drinks were flowing, twerking all over the place. Vaping, they're Shotgunning. Women's golf is a wild ride full of big personalities, remarkable athleticism, fierce competition, and a generation of women hell bent on Shank. That glass ceiling. Welcome to the party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Lamar Jackson is in his bones era. He shows up his new hairstyles, IMO Lamar. Hey, hey. That's raw. I like that. I like, I like, I like I like that, I like that. I like that. That's dope. You ever, you ever had your hair straightened like that, don't you? Nah. You know. No, no, because You know, I had, I had dreads. I had dreads, so I they, and they was locked up so I could never take it out and, and had my hair permed my had have my hair straight like that. Ocho your hair won't grow. Who? Your hair be just like mine? No. Okay. No, your whole life, not you bald. Hold on. I can grow ahead. I can grow a hair full of hair. I've showed No, you can't. I showed that count. I've showed that countless times.


I'm I ocho I I have everybody 50 years ago ahead hair. I'm, I I'm talking about just, okay, let's, do you want me to grow my hair? No, that, that, that's your head that I, I'm just saying the only reason I cut my hair consistently, and I've been doing it for so long, is I don't like the maintenance that comes with having hair. I don't wanna put grease on my scalp. I don't wanna, I don't want, I don't want to train my hair to lay down. I don't want waves. I'm, I don't, I, it's like a whole tedious process and I got sick of it. When I'm ready to go, I wanna get out the shower and I wanna go drop my head and walk out the house. So, sounds like a man that, that's like a man that said I want to be broke, man.


You think I won't have money in my pocket and in my bank account. It's just too hard to keep up with. Right. I understand what you're saying. But listen, that that's, that's apples and orange, them two different scenarios. No Ocho you can't grow hair. And if you grow it is minimal. Oh, I got a full set of hair right now. Look at my headline. You see my headline coming in? Yeah. You see my headline coming in? No, no. You gotta go a little further back. You started the 50 yard line. Whoa, whoa. Don't do that. Don't do that, don't do that. I, my, my headline 50. Listen, listen, my hair, matter of fact, I'm gonna get a shape up just for you. What? Shake. What up I'ma, I'm gonna let my hair grow and I'm gonna get a, a, a shape up so I can show you.


I can grow a full set of hair. You can. And I, I and I I got good hair. I got good hair. Where is that? Huh? Where's that? It, it's, sir, I, I just showed you ocho you pointed back here, bro. I mean, you, you pointed back there. My hairline is right there. It's right there. You looking right at it. It's right there. Ocho from your hairline ocho from your hairline to your forehead. That's at least a $20 Uber ride. What? You that's at least 20.


You like, listen, my head too small, so I know that's not true, but I'm just saying my hairline is intact. O don't you see how shiny that is? O your hair won't grow there. What do you mean? I shine? That's the light. That's the light that the light shining on my forehead. That's from my skincare routine. That's why, that's why I look like this. That's why I look like this. That's why the ladies love me. It's this, it's the chocolate. Yeah. You, you, you chocolate. Now I you are, you get no, like that no debate for me. Yeah. They like that. I, I soly swear they do You swear to tell the whole truth. Another, but the truth will help you.


God. I do one. Yeah. One, one thing about it. One thing. Yeah. When, when it come to chocolate, one thing about women, they ain't got no problem getting Cs. You hear me? Oh, Lord have mercy. Huh? Talk to me now, Lord have mercy. Josh. Yeah. Jesus. What? What's wrong? Yes. What happened here? What? I'm just telling you. I'm just telling you. Yes. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not telling you what I I ain't telling you what I heard. I'm telling you what I, Hey look, black Bar. All I, all I know is this. If you have been my age in the eighties, you'd got no plate because Black wasn't Then they like light skinned. They like Elder Barge, Chico de Barge. They like them, them, them type of dudes.


No, no, no. It don't matter. What they like is there's something I had that nobody else didn't, and I still got it. Huh? It's called, it wasn't until, it wasn't until Michael Jordan. Michael Jordan came in. Wesley Snipes came in. That's what put us on the map. I've been on top of the charts since they came in. So by mid eighties, like 80, 80. Mike came in 84, so like 86 my senior year. Right. Top of the charts. Man, that, that, that ain't it. That ain't it. Uncle. 40 years I've been on top of the charts. I feel you. Hey, I had a special gift that had Al be sure they been Al B. Sure. Yeah. Al B Sure. Yeah. That's, that's a good one. Yeah. He Chico, Chico de Barge, elder Barge. Hey, hey.


Them boys, boys were nice now. Yeah. If I was, if I was there during they time when the light-skinned dudes was in, there was something I had that they didn't, I don't care about you making them music. I don't care about you singing to the women. You hear me? Because I had to get the G but it was all about Word play, huh? Nah. Huh? They wouldn't let you talk to her. Oh. Oh, they, oh, they, oh, they, oh, they gonna talk to this. They, they, what y'all just telling the brother? Get brother. We ain't get no play O Joe. They were gonna, they talk to Sugar. You hear me? I'm, Hey, you got a style and hey, I'm gonna, I'm gonna make you laugh. I'm gonna laugh right after Drawer. Huh? Hey, all right, boy.


You ain't get no play Ocho without Style. Just like polyester. You, you can make a comeback, but hey, well now that I think about it, the, the Chico and, and El De Bar, I'm talking about, I'm, now you got me thinking about the music. The music they made, man music. Oh, they sing back then. I'm talking about, that's some good music. Oh, they sing. Oh yeah, music. The music from the eighties, it was different. A oh yeah. Ah, oh. They, but see, but see, I don't remember hearing nothing about no Garden Tools. It wasn't No, no three oh fours. They ain't s saying about that. They sung about women. They sung about ladies, they talk about love now.


Now they talking about jumping up and down and you need to la kind of foolishness, You know? Man, I just say she, oh man. That's, they just don't make, they just don't make it. Like they don't, they don't, they don't make music like they used to. Ocho and everybody I've talked to Ocho, they said, You know, r and b ain't dead. But bro, they don't sing like they used to sing. Nah, hold on. They don't beg. They no, they ain't beg. I guess they don't beg because see, the women used to make you beg to get 'em up out of it. Hey, what song they begging you to get up? Now? They begging you. Right. What song? What song was Ain't Begging Me?


Huh? What song was it? I give you my credit card. My key, my keys to my house. I, I, I can't think of I gave you my son The Rain. Yeah. You know who that saying? I'll pay your rent. I'll buy your clunk. Yeah, I know what you're talking about. Yeah, man. What that was back in the, that was back in the day. Now see if I have sung that song. If I played that song for somebody, they know you lying. This channel you broke. We see where you live at. You, you, Hey boy. Hey Chad. What song is that, Chad? I gave this OO Keith Sweat was the Number one Bag dog. What song that you was, baby, that might have been Babyface after Seven.


Take six. All of them. There was the days Don't, yo, there was the days Baby Face talking about he had the put the, the talking about the whip playing. Look here. I just, I just missed those days. I just WI here, I just wanna go one year and don't nobody, hold on. What y'all know about Take six. That's a gospel route. Take six. Well, they don't call no Woman. No three oh four. No, don't call no Garden tool Uhuh.


No, no Freak, no Jump. You know what? Just one year. I just wanna go one year for one year. All the music. That's what I want. Man. They gonna, if they do that, I, they gonna get me back into it, man. And hold on. Pbo gr man, smokey Robinson, man. But ain't nobody begging like Freddie Jackson. Oh, Fred Freddy begging man. Freddy Man, y'all know Freddy, Fred begged Robert like Lenny, yo, well, Lenny Williams, I gotta take a glass.


Saw Big Soul with Lenny Williams because I love you saying 'cause I love you. I don't know what that brother was going through in that studio, but I'll hurt for him every time I hear that song. Mm. He sung it. Now, Travis Hunter is now expected to attend the 2025 NFL combine as both a wide receiver and a db. Yeah. Is the league split between him being a wide receiver in a corner? Ocho No, no. They, they, they're not split, but they are understanding. Listen, he's made it abundantly clear that he gonna do what he did at Colorado, wherever he goes.


And I think the fact that they're allowing him to do both, that's a good thing because he gets to show his off his, he gets to show off his skillset and what he can do at both positions. I like it. I I like it for him. I, I really do. I, and I'm excited to see how it looks. I think it's easy to build a package around a wide receiver corner. Right, right, right. So you play corner, you play your customary slaps, and then we come in a situation and we'll give you a package. We'll give you, You know, let's just say what you, what you thinking, oh, Joe, 10 15 plays on offense. Yeah. Something like that. You run by what, 65 70 plays the game.


15, 15, 10 to 15. Especially for you on offense and then the rest on defense. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. I like because you, you, you, hey, you, you, you fought Rock with a fine line to try to give him, You know, 65 plays on defense and did another 30, 40 plays on offense. Boy, you walk on a tight rope. Ocho Yeah. Yeah. Hey, You know them, them n up in them. NFL players a little harder. Ocho they put 'em, they strained them halves and quads a little bit more. Especially when you get them, when you get, you get them gangsters in front of you at Receiv them. Hmm. Ball game. You listen to, you exert a, a different type of energy. Chase, Jetta, reek, AJ Brown, aj cd, Devonte Almond Raw boy.


Hey, it's gonna be some good work every week. Hey, what, what's Zay Flowers? It's gonna be some good work. Kins. Yeah, man. Joe Pollins. Yep. It's different. You gonna have your hands full, but it's, it's possible. It's possible. I like it. The


Volume. Hey, it's Alec Baldwin this past season on my podcast. Here's the thing. I spoke with more actors, musicians, policymakers, and so many other fascinating people like writer and actor Dan Aykroyd. I love writing more than anything. You're left alone. You know, you do three hours in the morning. You write three hours in the afternoon. Go pick up a kid from school and write at night. And after nine hours, you come out with seven pages and then you're, you're moving on. Listen to, here's the thing on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is Mel Reed, LPT Tour winner and sixth time Lady European tour winner And Keira k Dixon, NBC Sports reporter and host. And We've got a podcast. Quiet please with Mel and Kira. We are bringing you spicy takes on sports and pop culture. Some interviews with incredible people who have figured out how to make golf their superpower, An iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and Entertainment. You can find us an iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


We all have a moment that splits us wide open. On my new podcast, wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, I'll sit down with trailblazers from sports, music, fashion, entertainment, and politics to explore their toughest moments in the incredible comebacks that followed. Listen to Wide Open with Ashlyn Harris, an iHeart Women's sports production on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented by Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.