
Today sinners are coming from Oscar nominated filmmaker, Ryan Coogler, director of Black Panther and Creed, starring Michael B. Jordan. Comes the Mosha Pitcher event of the year. Twin Brothers Smoke and Stack, both played by Michael B. Jordan, return to their hometown for a fresh start. Only to discover that an unspeakable evil is waiting to welcome them back. Don't miss the genre Bending Thrill Ride shot with IMAX film Camera Sinners now playing only in theaters rated R under 17, not admitted without parent.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today. If these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development Banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you. They are us. They are Washington dc


The Black Effect Podcast Festival is back. We're partnering with Nissan. So pull up to their exclusive lounge to get a special look at the all new 2025 Nissan Kicks and Nissan Rogue. The Nissan Rogue guest is more affordable than C RV and RAV4 and features available 12.3 inch touchscreen display while the all new Nissan Kicks holds it down with a totally redesigned interior cabin with features like available wireless apple CarPlay, and available panoramic moon roof. Relax and see how Nissan is leveling up the game. Come kick it. April 26th, that Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Get ready for culture, community, and good conversation


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. We get the best start to the day because we started together. Watch the Today Show Weekdays At 7:00 AM on NBC. The Volume,


the NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here and it's time for all the hot stakes, drama, clutch moments, and jaw dropping plays. I can't wait. If you're looking to make the playoffs even more exciting, draft drafting sports book has you covered. As an official sports betting partner of the NBA from the playing games all the way through the finals, now it's time to back your favorite player and teams as they go. Chase Glory. All season long DraftKings has been your go-to spot for NBA player prompts and that doesn't stop. Now. Wanna make your playoff experience even more intense? Try placing a bet on your favorite player's performance. Will they drop 30, 40 or even more? It's your call ready to place your first bet. Download the Draftking Sports Book app now. Lock in your bets and let's make this playoff run unforgettable. Here's something special for you. First timers, new Draftking customers bet $5 and get $200 instantly. In bonus bets. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings. Download the DraftKings sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $200 instantly. And bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Alright, Listen up taxpayers, it is time for what you all really tuned in to. Listen to me for financial advice Tax season Boost Mobile wants you to turn your tax refund into six months of saving. When you buy six months on their best unlimited plans Boost will give you another six months for free. That's like mm, six times two divided by one. Carry the earth a really good deal. They told me I should have been a tax accountant. Well would you trust me with your money? Well that's great news because I'm not done yet. Visit Boost Mobile store during tax season and enter to win up to $10,000 to double your refund. Or if you're really good at math and money stuff like me, pay off what you still owe. Okay, time to take my financial advisor hat off and put on my lawyer hat requires upfront payment, tax and fees, extra terms and exclusion apply. Visit Boost Mobile dot com for full offer terms and sweeps details. And now I get back to my boring old day job. Head over to your nearest Boost Mobile store and make the most out of your tax refund.


Hello ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us for another episode of Night Camp. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite author. Down at the bottom left, your favorite 85 Route runner extraordinaire, bingo, ring of Fame honoree, the Liberty City Legend. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson and joining as a part of our basketball coverage throughout the NBA Finals. I. So Joe Johnson, the Arkansas Native now way of Atlanta, a TL. Thanks for joining us again, Joe. We greatly, greatly appreciate your support and your insight


Nightcap has brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network today.


Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure, sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for joining us. Again. We appreciate your support and thanks to you everything that you see here, all the plaques behind us, all the success that we've been able to enjoy, it's because of people like you and we greatly appreciate your support and hopefully we can continue to gain your trust and your support. Please make sure you go, Hey, check out Shea by La Porter. We do have it in stock now. If you cannot find it in any city or state near you, just order it when we'll ship it directly to you. Please drink responsibly and stay safe. Check out my media company on all of its platforms.


That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Everything is restocked, the link is pinned at the chat. Supplies are limited and once they're gone they're gone. So please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for Are Not Saved for Work Tour are on sale. Eight stops. Baltimore, Philly, Charlotte, LA, Miami, NYC, Chicago, and Detroit. Tickets can be found@shehemedia.com slash tour. That's shehe media.com/tour. That link is also pinned in the chat. You guys don't wanna miss out on this one, so go grab your tickets now. Wolves dominate. Take over in the what?


The third quarter? Yeah. And blow the game open. Well actually they took over in the third, second quarter and blew the game wide open. Hey outscored the Lakers by 18 in the second quarter after being down by seven and they really never looked back after that. And they win one 17 to 95. It was a ballast effort. You got 16 from Julius Randall, 25 from Jayden McDaniels who was 11 or 13, three or three from the three A man. He wasn't of fishing, shooting the ball, but he was dominant as his normal self. 22 points and it was Nas Reed coming off the bench. Eight or 12 from the field, six or nine from the 3 23 points.


The Lakers, with the exception of Luca, nobody really played well and in order for them to get back in this series, because the home, the home team has lost home court in the first grade, the first game. And normally that's not what you wanna see. But they still got a ways to go. They got they, this is an absolute muscle Monday night, Joe, they've gotta get this game, but LeBron ar and they gotta get some help from the bench. But watching this game, tell me what did you see? What did you like about what you saw from Minnesota and what didn't you like about what you saw from the Lakers? I, I just, I smelled trouble for the Lakers man. You know, we've seen the Minnesota Timberwolves being in this position knocking off teams whether it was Phoenix, whether it was Denver.


So it man and them, he known to going in, he known to going somebody else building, You know, stick up some wins, play, play very effective basketball, even though he didn't shoot well, I thought he put so much pressure on the rim and created so many other opportunities for other guys. But man, if you got Nas Reed and McDaniels gonna shoot like that from three you in trouble. When you gonna be in trouble, it's gonna be hard for you to win their game. So, You know, those guys were very efficient tonight and they just outplayed the Lakers. The Lakers look lethargic. They just didn't, outside of Luca having that, that great first run outside of that, they just look, they looked like they was stuck in mud a little bit to me.


Yeah, they didn't match. They didn't need to understand this is the playoffs. Yeah, this ain't no regular season. Yeah, it is different. And they didn't, they didn't come out, You know, they, they came out really good in the first quarter, but that second quarter and we know the Lakers after watching them all year, Joe. Yeah, they're gonna have a quarter where they take it completely off. Yeah. Now it's normally the third or the fourth quarter. It's not normally the first half. Yeah, it's normally they come out at the half or they, You know, or the fourth quarter. But we saw this turn of events in the second quarter where they ended up giving up at 38 points after giving up 21 in the first quarter. They gave up 38 and then they gave up another 35 in the third quarter. So they gave up, what is that, 73 points?


Yeah. In two quarters. Ocho watching this game. What, what, what, what, what's your takeaway? Listen, first Off, first off, You know the Lakers didn't come out and match the W's intensity. Huh? The intensity. Nope. Listen, on, on, on both sides of the court. There was no intensity. They didn't play defense very well. Nobody played well in the Lakers offensively outside of, outside of Luca. So if, if, if, if, if LeBron is off, then if LeBron is off and Luca's on somebody else has to come. It gotta be ar it gotta be ruy. It gotta be, somebody has to have some points collectively as a group. If your starters aren't aren't fine on all cylinders. Antman doesn't have a have a good game. Hell, Reid comes off the bench and he cut the food.


McDaniel McDaniel was playing. Well it was just a bad, it was, it was a bad, it was a bad game all around for the lake in general. And normally when you have home court advantage and you plan it home, you don't want the home, the away team to steal a game at home. You don't want that. So they put, they already put themselves out in a hole. So Monday night, like you said, they got to have it. If they lose Monday night's game is gonna, they gonna be in a heap of trouble. A a hey you see you, you see it. It's hard. It's hard to play Jackson Hayes when you switching all them pick and roll and you ain't giving up them vibe. Threats. Yeah. Pressure on the rim. It is. And I plus the thing, I think they're switching.


They're, they're too easy switching. I mean as soon as the guy starts to show, they go ahead switch it. No bro. Fight, fight, fight on the top. Don't give up. You copying out, fight through it. You missing out on us. Don't do that. Hey Ben Smith. Don't know. Don't pass that off to Gabe. Vincent don't pass that off to Luca. No fight through that. Yeah, them little soft picks they send Joe. Yeah, come on bro. You gotta go harder than that night because it's easy. Oh you just back away. You go ahead and take it. That's what Ed want. And you see they keep calling, they keep calling Luca. Nah, we want Luca and they gonna keep, no matter who he daring, they try to put him on the Wiki. Man. They putting, they putting a what's no boy name?


Rudy Gobert. Yeah man, they bringing Rudy Gobert damn near at the damn half court to set a pick because they're like, Hey we want whoever Lucas Garden, you are gonna be the pick guy. Right. Or Gabe Benson because he, he's Gabe is what, six foot tall. We were lucky. And so, but they gotta fight. I think they just gotta fight harder on the pick. Now look, if a team gonna be knocking down those threes like they knocking down, it's gonna be tough. Yeah, it's gonna be tough. It's not like the Lakers shock particularly bad from the three. But when you let a team shoot 20, make 21 of them and they shoot 50%, they shoot 50% from the floor. When you got your work cut out, they couldn't get no stop. What's work cut out, couldn't get no stops, couldn't get nothing. No, you're right. You absolutely right.


They got, so you keep taking the ball out the net man, it's going to, You know, slow our offense down a little more. You know, they already a little small so You know, through movement it's great for 'em. So you gotta use misses as like fast breaks and they've been great at that. But hey man, timber Wars wasn't missing tonight. Them boys locked in. I liked it but the Only, the only, Hey Joe and Unc, the only way the Lakers were going fight any chance I have any chance of getting back in this game is they were gonna have to steal points and transition that that was, that was the only way and they wasn't able to do that. Well they have to get some stops and like Joe said, when you taking the ball outta the net, they couldn't get any stops. Yeah. Because there was a couple of times they forced to miss. But you don't realize you've done nothing until you gained possession of the basketball.


So even if you force a miss, if you don't gain possession of the basketball, you've done absolutely nothing. Right. Right. And they wind them down a couple of times late in the clock and they hit some threes, Joe, You know, it is, it's demoralizing. Especially in your building. If you wind them down and you got 'em shooting the ball with one, two seconds on the clock and they splashing threes or they're making outstanding, I mean you're like, damn. Well what I gotta do, bro, I I back come on now. We don't wind them down. We took 'em out, grind them to the nub and they didn't making shots like that. They got a big boost. Divin czo hit that shot at, at at right up. That was a big, yeah that was a big boost going in for him because at that point they were down eight, now they go down 11 and to start the, to start the third, they go like a ten two run.


So now all of a sudden, You know, a eight part what could have been an eight point game is not 21 point lead. But they've gotta do a better, they've gotta do a better job of, look, look at this RU minus 26, LeBron minus 22. Jackson Hayes only played eight minutes. He was minus 11 Luca minus 12 ar minus 25. Dorian Finny Smith minus 11, Vanderbilt minus two. You ain't winning like that. It you, you can't. So now, so now if you Minnesota, now you try to be a little greedy. Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm trying to get sweepstakes, I'm trying to take both of them. You done came in, you got, you done did what you wanna do, you just want to get one win, you got the first one.


Why not be a little greedy? Why not go and second one? And You know this Joe, normally that first one is the easiest to win because especially if the team has been laying off. Yeah. You gotta realize the Lakers have been off for eight days. Yeah, Yeah. And so, You know, and they didn't play the, they they didn't play LeBron, them didn't play the last game in Portland, so they've been off a little longer. Yeah. But normally the first game is the one that you try to steal on the road. Once we get that, we say, well hey we here, hell, we might as well get another one. You know what I'm saying? Don't you, you might as well just try to go get that second one while we here. Hold on. And guess what? We won't even have to bring our ass back to LA if we go ahead and handle our business in Minnesota.


So the next game in LA too. Yeah. Yeah. Yes, yes. Monday night. Well they gonna be DraftKings no longer have, let's see what, say. Okay, the Timberwolves knocked out a playoff record 21 threes draft Kings no longer have the Lakers as the series favorite. Now Minnesota is minus 1 35. The Lakers are one 15 plus one 15. Poor performers with Magic has criticism. Coach JJ Reddick did a great job all season, but he didn't do a good job for game one. The Lakers stood around on offense, played too much one-on one basketball, it didn't make any necessary adjustments. Tonight was one of the Lakers worst performers this season. They were flat, had no energy, and they played like it was a regular season game.


All the things that we just spoke about magic just highlighted. So clearly they know you and I and we know we talk about here on Nightcap. Yes sir. Sir Stephen. A I don't know why you had to tag me. This ain't got nothing to do with you man. Someone just text me a message to send directly to at Shannon Sharpe triple a NWA. I don't care what Shannon has to say. Lakers ain't winning in five. Hey, hey, hold on, wait and wait a minute. Now this, this is a good question and I'm gonna pose this questions to you. Now, you had Lakers in five now based on what you saw tonight, how confident are you in the Lakers winning this series? Still Look, Lakers in five rolls off the tongue.


It don't sound as good. Lakers in seven. It don't sound as good. Lakers in six. Right? But I feel very confident if it's six, seven, it don't matter Niggas in five. But the what Magic said, if you watch 'em stand, they was standing around Minnesota getting offensive rebounds kick out free. They, they put him in the pick and roll. They, like I said, they just gotta do a better job of fighting over that pig. You just can't give up that easy. That's what they, if you do that, they're gonna keep doing it. Fight over that Finny, fight over that band of belt. You, you've got to make it a little bit more difficult on the offensive, on the def on the offensive end for Minnesota has the ball defensively.


Lakers, you gonna have to be a little tougher than what you showed tonight. This is not nearly good enough. LeBron. This notion as you get older, it gets harder and harder to get in the rhythm. You see, he had no points in the first quarter, had 10 in the second, gave you three or four in, in the, you can't do that because I get it, you wanna let Luca and Luca can get going but in the process, but at what cost? You get Luca go and now ar and and and Ron don't have no rhythm. Now they didn't look, if you just look at the numbers, they got 72, which is about what they would average in the regular season. But when you don't get any production from your bench, remember we talked about this Joe Finny Smith needs to give us eight to 10 off the bench gave Vincent needs to give us six to eight off the bench.


Vanderbilt gives us four to six off the bench. Ru you, you, you, you, you can't play 30 minutes and give us nine points. We need, we need, we need a little more. We need a little better. We need a little better than that. And so look, I'm not overly concerned, but hey, I'm like, okay, nah, I'm sure JJ j's like, look, we didn't play nowhere close to our best. Now what you've done is given them confidence that they can come in and, and beat, beat our ass on our court, on our, in our building. Let's not, let's not, let's not play around, let's go ahead and get game two because I don't, you don't wanna be in a situation, Joe, a bad pass or a missed call.


Now you're down oh two going back to Minnesota and you gotta get two to, to, to make this thing a series. So look, the Lakers didn't play well, ain't no, ain't no look. 47 points in the, in, in in the second half. They got 30 in the third, they got 17 points and they got it. They cut it down. What it was like one point, it was 27. They got it all the way down to 12, Joe, but they couldn't sustain it. The, the Temple Wars just seemed more desperate, You know what I mean? It was like they understood the moment and they understood, You know, the now like, all right, we gotta, we gotta get one. And they gained the momentum. Like I said, after, after Luca won on their run in the first quarter, that was it. It was pretty much lethargic the whole game, bro. It's like they were just out there floating and You know, Minnesota just play with more grit and grind and they was, they was effective.


But that's the thing. But that's the thing though, Joe is like, yeah, if you look at, if you look at the Lakers, Luca's always going, Luca's going to have a big quarter in the first half. It's either gonna be the first quarter or it's gonna be the second quarter, but he's going to get off one of those. Yeah. And that's why it's no surprise when you look up, he's got 20 points at the half. Because normally he's going to go somewhere between 10 to 14 in a quarter, right? Yeah. Now if it's the first quarter, okay, he's gonna get like a four to five minute break to start the second and it gets him out of a rhythm. Hell, hey, he getting going like that Joe, I, I'll be temp a go back in there for the first two to three minutes. I get you, I get you rest.


I'll get you rest a little later because it, because he, he cooled down substantially in the second quarter he caught fire again. And, and, but at that point in time when you dial like they, like they were down right? And Luke's going bucket for bucket with Ant or McDaniels or a Nav Reed, you're rather not doing anything. Yeah, I mean look, Largo had to take over. He gonna have to take over the next game and take over early most of the time. He'll, he'll, he'll relax. Let Lu get his, let yard get his, let everybody do their thing and then pick up. And most of the time LeBron will be efficient when he does decide to turn, turn it on. But he gotta do it early. He gotta start off early. Let's say, how about we not let get in rhythm and LeBron gets in rhythm first and then allows everybody to catch fire at some point.


Then, then I, at that point I think it make a little, it'll make a little easier as opposed to you already being behind and you're forcing the missing shots as opposed to having to be efficient and you're already down 12, 13. Hell, at one point was the Laker was that, what's the most Laker was down Like 27, I think 27 Almost 30 points. Yeah, it was bad man. It was bad. They gotta pick it up man. They gotta find a way. Like I say, I think this Timberwolves team is very scary as we all know because they, they were just in the Western conference finals last year. I know they trained, I know Kat, I know Kat was there, but You know Julius Randall the night, You know he was affected man. He played with grit, he play with toughness and then you, You know, those guys coming off the bench, the McDaniels, the reeds, they warn you a game.


Yes. They warn you a game. So now like I say, man, hey, I'm looking forward to Minnesota trying to be greedy in game too. And plus the thing is Joe, I, I've noticed this and I've noticed 'cause I, I didn't notice it until he got to the Lakers. 'cause that was the only time that we've ever seen LeBron be injured. Yeah. But when he have these groin injuries, he's not the same when he gets back because he does, he's hesitant because he knows. And Ocho being, and I don't know if you've ever had a groin or a hamstring injury, You know suddenness Yeah. Is the worst thing to happen. Yeah. If you watch LeBron no rebounds, guys right there, he's just like, if the ball don't come directly to him. Yeah, yeah. He ain't making no sudden move to go get it.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it takes him a while. So he's really gotta gather. If you go back and look at that chase down block, he had to gather. Yeah. Gotta, he did a great job of tracking. But if you watch it, and I noticed this is that he's not gonna do anything sudden. 'cause he doesn't wanna, he had that growing injury like, like what the la the game before that, maybe it was the Rockets game. He felt that little twinge and he, he came out and so whew. Hey that tough. I understand what you're saying because he don't, it's like he don't rebound outside this area like he normally do, You know, starting to break with that now he just kind of like I said, that first quarter man, it just kind of seemed like he was just kind of floating me.


You know what I mean? Yes, yes. Like I said, I know look was hot, but it's hard man. Basketball is a rhythm game, You know what I mean? Bro, bro is a rhythm player as well. And when he gets, when he gets it going, You know, it's hard. We, we know it's hard to stop him but him sitting back waiting until, You know, second quarter for him to scratch. Yeah. Like that car, that's gonna be hard. We get older, like them old cars. That new car crank rattled up. That old, you gotta, you gotta pat that thing a couple times. Joke. Yeah. You gotta pump them brakes on that Chevy because it, and then you let it warm up. Yeah. You'll just take off with a, with a older car. Yeah. You let that thing, you let that thing get going and now you good to go.


You know, and so LeBron, it takes him a little bit while and I think the thing is that you see now he's getting there a little bit earlier. He's getting those shots up. He's probably staying on the court a little longer because he knows, hey LeBron used to go out there, get him little 10, 15 minute workout. He good to go. He probably out there 25, 30 minutes now. Yeah he did. Yeah. It take a minute. Hey he gotta gotta warm them old balls up man. Get him. What? She came on the freeway baby. I'm ready though. I'm ready. So the Lakers lose Minnesota go in, take game one in convincing fashion 1 17 95. The Lakers need a bounce back game in the worst way on Monday night.


Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today with And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah three and Craig Melvin, weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report,


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other AI often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claud.com. That's C-L-A-U-D e.com and let us know how you feel the difference.


The Knicks beat the Pistons 1 23 to one 12 Jalen Brunson, 34 points. Cameron Payne had 11 of his 14 points in the fourth quarter as the Knicks. Stu the Pistons with a 21 oh run in the fourth. Carl Anthony Toes, 23 points, 11 rebounds in his first game. At first playoff game with the Knicks and og. A Nobie also added 23 for the number three C. The Knicks. Hey. I was like, man, yeah they right there. I said Detroit right there, man. I went upstairs, came back down, thought I was tripping. I'm like, aint, You know what I'm saying? I thought my TV glitch so I cut the TV off and cut it back home because I said ain't no damn where hell you down ain.


And now all of a sudden you up 13. I said, ain't no way. So I thought my TV glitch so I cut the TV off, cut it back on it, start spin it. I'm like, come on TV cut on tv. Spin it because I don't know what it is the internet out here man. But they did it. Yeah, they went on a 21 Oh run and and broke the game. Open this game had had Cade Cunningham played better. You know they got some points laid the ball game. Yeah, but Cade gotta be better than this. Yeah. You can't have 21 points on 21 shots. Right, right. That, that's not, that's not good enough. That's not good enough. He wasn't, he he wasn't, he wasn't that efficient tonight. But You know, he ditched the ball out. Well I don't know how they lost that game, man.


I'm, I'm just like you. I'm like, I'm looking at the game. That's why I turned my head. It was like, hold on. But man this is Detroit's a scary team. I thought they played a great game man. Up until that last quarter. I don't know. They just kind of collapsed. I mean yeah, like the last nine minutes. The last nine minutes they were good. They started the fourth good but from that, from like that like a five minute stretch, they did nothing. But when you get og give you 23, Kat gave you 23. Jalen Brunson gave you 34. Josh Hart, who's the utility? A Swiss Army knife. He's a spoon, he's a fork. He's a knife, he's a pair of scissors. He's a screwdriver. He's a monkey wrench. He can do it all.


He gave you 13 six assist seven rebounds and then you get campaign who scored 11 points in in the fourth to go along with 14. That's, that was really hard. Malik Beasley does what he does came in, gave you 20 points on six to 12 from the three point line. But they need some of their big guns. They need, they need Cade Cunningham to be a little bit more efficient. Yeah. And I think Cade will be better, he'll be better in game too. But I know Detroit, but they, they still got kind of gotta feel good about this even though they lost. Yeah. You know, like I said, they controlled the game and pretty much the entirety of the whole game up until about the last eight, nine minutes, they just kind of had a collapse.


But now I like this Detroit team. They play hard. They're scrappy. Oh man. They all, they they, they, they're a really scrappy ball club. JB bigger staff got 'em playing. He got 'em believing They believe. They believe they belong. Yeah. I mean they're not surprised that they're here. They believe it and they play. Like I said, I I agree with you. I think Cade will be more efficient. Tobias Harris had one of his better playoff games. Tim Haraway Jr. Played really well. Thompson needs to be a little bit better. Look. Yeah, you, I mean yeah you gotta be better than that. Listen, you gotta be better than that. We, We, we talking about Detroit and what they did, how they played. Well the Knicks won the game. They did Detroit game and the reason they won the game towards the end.


We ain't talked about Jalen Brunson yet. He had 34 and eight and I'm gonna, I'm gonna call him the conductor. I'm gonna call him the conductor. 'cause that the way he orchestrated at the end of that game in crucial time and made those plays. Yeah. Who's to say they don't play like that the rest of the series? What did Detroit don't win no more goddamn games because of what Jalen Bruss was able to do. Hell goddamn car, Anthony Towns out there with 23, 11 and five og Well it's 23 and it's seven. Yeah. Who to say they don't catch? He and that momentum carries into the next game and the game after that, despite, You know, k not having the game, he should have scored two on 21. Obviously that's bad. He might come back and have, You know, a, a better game the next game.


But hell, Jayden ain't going nowhere. Carl Anthony Towns ain't going nowhere. Brunson, the thing that makes Brunson is that the big moments, he's at his absolute best shows up every c in clutch time, they're gonna put the ball in his hands and sometimes they might go pick and roll with him and Kat, but they normally let him operate and they trust him. Okay. Whatever you do, whatever we'll live with whatever decision that you make. And in clutch situations he's one, he, I I defy you to find five better players in the NBA currently that's better than him in clutch situations. The last five minutes, the game within five, he's sensational.


Yeah. And he will, he and that was on display again the and won. He great at drawing fi he's great at drawing contact Joe. Getting to the fo line he was eight or 10 a night to night from the free throw line. Two or five from 3 34 Big points. But like you said, it was the others. Og Kat, Josh Hart was sensational and Campaign gave you 11 in the fourth 14 off the bench. It's gonna be tough. It's gonna be, look Detroit kicking themselves because they know they supposed to have to stole this game. Right. But like you said, Ocho Kat and Brunson and Campaign, they like, nah, y'all ain't gonna get this one. Nah, nah it's a, this the playoffs though.


It's a fine line between winning and lose and open Joe. Yeah. You can be feeling confident like you gonna run through the series. Yeah. And then you can a it, it can backfire the way you be like man we gotta get a game. You know what I mean? Yeah. I think Detroit, like I said, I think they feel good about it obviously. Yep. New York could go on, they could go on, they could sweep 'em. But I like this matchup Detroit and the Knicks man and I'm looking forward to, You know, fireworks throughout this playoffs. And this is not like Detroit. They gave up 40 points in the fourth. Yeah. 40. I mean they got me think about it, they gave up 27, 30, 26 and then you go 40.


That's what I mean. And and JB probably said, look guys, we are a little cleaner. Hey we gave up 40, let's build a little better of the defensive end. Hey we are right there. This is a T hey and they their building. We know how MSGs gets to rocking guys make a few shots, but we were right there. Clean this up. Like I I agree with you Joe. I, I feel if I'm Detroit, I feel good, I feel good. I look I wanna win Now don't get me wrong, I don't like, hey damn we lost but I feel good that hey nine minutes to go in the game. We had a eight point lead. It wasn't like we were down eight. Right. We had an eight point lead. Right. So there's some things that we can do that I feel comfortable Right.


That we can do to get this win. Get game, get a split this and go back home for two the nuggets beat the Clippers in OT 1 12, 1 12, 1 10 in regulation. Westbrook hit a huge three at the end of regulation made key, several defensive plays according to a SP and research Clippers gave Westbrook an average of separation of almost 10 feet when he was taking three pointers in game one. That's the most separation. He's gotten on three points shots at a playoff game when taking at least five attempts since 20 13, 14. Russ finished with 15 points on five of 17 shooting. You just have to live.


He's a guy that you're gonna say, dad, come on, fuck on Russ. Whatcha doing. But the one thing you'll never, ever question about Russell Westbrook is his effort ever effort. Every time he gonna, he going give you every ing he got full speed, he gonna make some play like the play that like the yoy triple double where he blows the smokes, the layup. Now the nuggets got 18 seconds to get a shot and they don't even get a shot off. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Russ that's not like Russ. 'cause Russ had a wide open three, he passed it up, got caught between like that.


What the hell I do? And the clock run out. They like damn Russ. But then he comes in, blocks the shots, challenges gets two, gets a key steal. Yeah. Forces the ball off of James Harden. Russell was won in this game. Yeah because he got a couple, he got like two offensive rebounds. Aren Gordon got two key offensive rebounds and he hit that big three to put 'em up two Joe, what, what did you like about what you saw? Probably because the, the nuggets were down by as much as what, 13, 15? Yeah. Clippers battled way back into the ball game and they ended up winning a very close ball game. The Clippers was controlling the game pretty much the entirety.


You know I do think You know Russ Eno energy and effort is definitely, it definitely helps the Nuggets man. And I'm sure You know he enjoys this win considering this game as one of his former teams. You know what I mean? Yeah. So I'm sure he is happy about that. But this is gonna be a long series as well. I thought the Clippers was right there to really pull away. You look at Kawhi, he's been, he was playing, he been playing pretty good ball. James Harden was playing great ball. Like they look good man. They did You you I think James Harden getting in foul trouble. I think z Bob's kind of getting a little foul trouble that kind of took James out of his game. But James was sensational 11 of 22, 4 9 from the three perfect from the free throw line.


32 points, 11 assists, six rebounds. Zoom 2113 Kawai 22 and six Kawai really had it going early. Yeah he did. He and James they had it going early. He couldn't miss you looked good too the first quarter then I think he ended up scoring like only two points in the second quarter. Yeah, but Aren Gordon got going or late Yoic is Yoic, YOIC gonna be Yoic. I don't look and they like nobody defends him better than Zbox. And then you look up and you're like hold on. Damn the man had 29, 12 and nine and that that, that guy defends him the best. Well who I hate to see the guy that defend him the worst ain't played a good game too though.


Zpac had 21 and 13. Like that's what But see if you play against Yolk, you got to go at him on the defensive end. Yeah. You gotta make him work on both ends. Yeah. And the thing, but you notice late in that ball game that that fourth quarter he started challenging more stuff whereas early in the ball game he wasn't challenging and you see Harden laying the ball up Kawhi Yeah. Laying the ball up. Guys were laying the ball up now all of a sudden, look bro, you almost seven foot tall just go vertical. Yeah. Just make 'em go up over you. Yeah. Don't give 'em no layup line. Yeah. You know what you thought, what you thought about watching the Nuggets? I mean The game was good. The, the Nuggets played really well. Obviously I, I look at hard right Hardin really they control the game most of the game outside of towards the end.


But hell Hardin had 32 and 11 but the clips turned the ball over 20 damn times. Huh? Yep. When it, when it came to crunch time and then you got Russell being in as, as intense as he always is, You know, as, as far as playing defense and with Joker playing the wave playing when it came to crunch time because of the turnovers, then the nuggets was back in the game. They were able to get back in the game because of the turnovers. Yeah. Game. I mean it it, it was good. It, this is the one that's gonna go to a seven game series and I think me, based on what I'm watching and the the amount of knowledge that I've gained to this point, the turnovers are gonna be key on who wins this series.


Ask me how I know How You know, because If they didn't turn the, the ball over 20 times a night, the Clippers win this game. But I Think you gotta give, I Think you, like you said last time we was talking about what Detroit didn't do, let's talk about what the Knicks did do well in this situation. You talk about what they did, what happened, they weren't out there by themselves now. So somebody forced them into those turnovers. You see all of a sudden Russ playing Pass lane, all of a sudden they started getting up into people all of a sudden it's not, hey it's not a layup line. Aren Gordon, he's got Go ahead Joe. I say that altitude kick in, You Think you think that's real Man is real?


Yeah. Yeah. It's tough Ocho it's tough. Why you think fi So why do you think fighters go to Arizona? Why do you think they go to Big Bear? Why do you think they go to why the US Olympic training facility in Colorado Springs? Right. If it didn't make a difference. Right. You know, You know it's funny, I I always hear I I always hear it all the time. Obviously I was able to play, I was able to play in Denver twice unc obviously. And You lost both times. I did. I listen, I, I don't remember whether, whether the wins or losses but as far as, as far as my winning my condition, it, I'm, I'm not trying to be rude and I'm not trying to be disrespectful. I'm just saying that it didn't affect me on the field as far as breathing is concerned. And obviously during a time like that there it was pressure on me to be able to perform 'cause You know I'm going against 24.


Yeah. Wanna get the Hall of Fame and, and Champ Bailey at the time. But it, I always, I always get to thing about the about You know, it being difficult to breathe, You know, when playing in di in in a high altitude. But I was just curious. Yeah it's Less oxygen in there. I was just curious what y'all Thought. Ball travels farther. That's, there's a reason why people love kicking. They love punting. Right? They love hitting a baseball in Coors Field. Yeah. The air is thinner altitude training. That's why, You know, like I said, if you go look at endurance athletes, they always train at Altitude, right. They go to Flagstaff, they go to Colorado Springs, they're in New Mexico and so that's what a lot and You know boxers, they go to Big Bear. Yeah. They go to, they go to places where You know Mammoth and where you have to like takes you a little bit and sometimes, don't you remember they came out, they had those masks on.


Remember the the breathing mask that you have on? Yeah, I remember those. Yeah, I remember Beast Smoke used to wear one of them. But you So what, so how is this a seven game series, Joe? This is seven game series. Yeah, I think it, I think it'll be a seven game series. I think, You know, obviously the Clippers, You know they came to Denver to get one. They, they probably feel good about this. I just think they ran outta gas in their second half. But You know, I'm sure they're looking forward to game too but You know, until you win on the other team's home floor on it ain't a series yet. So this one, this one probably gonna go, it's probably gonna go seven.


Russ said the dynamic roller with Zbox great cutters guys catch log. My job is to be able to, to be low man and find ways to excuse my language f ish up. He did a great job because You know, like I said, Russ is still, he still has that quickness. He's not the finisher that he was was, he's not as athletic but he's still, I mean, hey he Still can get it done. He's still explosive too And, and spurts. You know, he could still, he could still do what he and like you said Joe, hold on, what do you He had, he had two steals, key steals. But even though he didn't steal the ball, he forced some costly turnovers. Yeah. Yeah. You know what, I'm happy for Russ too. Having a game like he did today where him being intense like he always is, is a reason why they won because just not not too long ago, You know, he was one of the reasons why they lost based on his decision making.


So this, this was, this was good for him and gave him the confidence he needs to go into the rest of the series. Being aggressive like he always is and doing what's best for not only him but his team as well. And when you have Russ on your team at this point, you just gotta accept what comes along with Russ. Yeah. He's gonna make some plays and you are like, that was unbelievable son. That's how we win. And then he gonna have some plays like you like Lord have mercy. I show wish I I show, I show would I win the chapel, chapel this morning because that you gotta deal with it. You gotta deal, you gotta take the good with the bad. Yeah, you got to. Yeah. It's, it's really that, it's really, Ocho is really that simple because he's gonna make plays you like only he could have made that play.


Right. And then on the other side you gonna say only he could have emptied up. Yeah. And nobody else could have emptied up but he did. So you've gotta take, it's kinda like Luca, people say man I wish Luca stopped slopping, I wish Luca stopped crying. I wish Luca you gotta accept it. Yeah. He's not gonna stop. He can't stop. Right. That's part of him. He can't, he Can every time if he doesn't make a shot, he gonna look at the ref. Like he looked at me, You know he ate, You know he ate a a a posture for for pre-game so that you, you ain't gonna call no following. Right. So so you just Joe you just live with it And that's, that's where I am on that right there. So Russ you gotta live with it 'cause he's gonna make some spectacular plays but he is gonna make some plays that leave you scratching your hand.


Well You know the good thing about it though, the good outweigh the bad with Russ. Yeah the good the play needs outweigh the bad. Most times the bad ones come at opportune times when they shouldn't happen and that might be the only issue. Yes. Yes. The Indiana Pacers blow out the Milwaukee bugs by the score of one 17 to 98. Man after finishing with the third worst defensive rating in the NBA the Phoenix sub party. This. Well no that ain't even what we want. What you got up here Ian Prince got some cardio in Kyle Kuzma.


He was on his road bike too. He got cardio in. Oh they ain't got double cardio did it? They ain't yeah to and Prince 20 minutes, zero points. Kyle Uzman 22 minutes zero. But had the thing was so amazing about Coman. Cosman had zero points, zero rebounds, zero assist, zero steals, zero blocks and two personal files. Man been scratch. Hey see I, this, this, this, this is one, this is one I wasn't able to see. I didn't get to see this one on, You know I was at my track meet watching my baby run. Yes. So this is the one game I didn't get to see because when this game was going on, this is exactly when You know my baby was running, running the, the the 400 and the four by four Man.


This was everything I expected. Godly numbers from Greg free. Yeah. Just didn't get no help man. They ain't get no help no Indiana, they their greedy team as well. They got a bunch of guys who could score a basketball, can do a multitude of things on the court to affect the game. And if you got two guys in your starting lineup, who giving you donuts you got man, you ain't got a chance to win it in the league like this. Boy, the last time I seen this many donuts, I was at Krispy Krems and Dunking Robinson. I mean Dunking dunk your donut. This man had, think about it, he would or a five from field he would or a two from, from the three point line he would or a two from the prerow line.


Zero rebounds, zero assists, zero steals, zero blocks and zero points. So you only got like nine staff that you can get. So you get get get something on one end. Nine of the 10 demand had a zero. I don't know Joe, I don't know if I've ever seen that in all my life Now. Like I said, I was in four HI grew up on a farm, I went to the county fair and I ain't never seen no issue like this. I Chad I don't think y'all understand this. This man was zero or five from fuel or a two from the three point line or a two from the free throw line. He had zero assists, zero rebounds, zero steals, zero blocks, zero points.


How I mean is like, hey all I I tell you what, this is what I need y'all to do. Kyle Coman give eight Ian Prince give me eight, I'll do the rest until Dame gets back in game three. They're like nah, nah nah, nah nah no we gonna leave you out there by yourself. Nah, I mean they got, they got Jannis outside, they got y'all. They done close the door. Ya they beat there'll beating the hell outta Giannis and they just close the door. The man ain't helping but nothing Does. Kyle Uzman and Prince had the green light to shoot when they want to. Even if you, even if you missing like that, do they have the green light? You know how shoot or shoot even when you're missing, you keep on shooting at some point it's gonna fall.


Are they allowed to do that? Yeah, hell know. See this The playoffs, Hey this is the playoffs up. If you got Greek putting all the pressure on the rim and you ass like to, and Prince was the top three point shooter this year. It wasn't like he was no slouch. He probably was top five and three point shooting this year. So I think the main thing is you, you don't have Dame out there another guy who can put pressure and a get his own. Yeah. Make play for others around him. So now everybody's watching Greek free. He probably the only one really out there who can go out there and get the bucket. Yeah. So that's why I looked the way they look. Well Shoot Kyle, Kyle, uncle Kyle.


Soon as I asked you uncle, first thing you said was no, so Kyle Uzma doesn't have the green light to shoot at Will being at somebody. Why The hell I gonna give him the green light? He got a learns permit. He ain't even got real driver's license on. So what the hell gonna let him drive for? Huh? If Dame ain't playing, you gotta get them points from somewhere them points that Dame would have. They gotta come from somebody. The man played Cocho, the man got cardio. The man's on the stationary body That No, that's what I'm saying. He was oh four five, he was oh four in, in nine of the categories. Right. I'm Yes. Maybe he doesn't have the green light to continue to shoot at wheel even though No, At some point you gotta make him That's reserved for Steph Curry. That's reserved for a dame. That's reserved for Luca. You can't give no guy no Kyle Coman, no green light to shoot it whatever you want to.


Hell no. Okay. All right. And you got look at out the bench, you got Green gave you 15. Kevin Porter Jr gave you 12. Gad Trent Jr gave you 14, but you got two guys in your starters. Think about it, of your five starters, Ys had 36, the other three had 14, so they got 50 points from their starters. Yeah, you can't win. You're not, you're not winning. Hold on. And that's why, that's why I was a lost side of the game like that. Hold on, Hold on Joe. So listen, I'm, I'm, I'm not a coach. So as a coach do you make the adjustments and put the players in that scored 14 and 15?


No. And sit the two that okay. No. All right. No, you said you gotta be better but look Ocho Cool. Look, There have been times that sometimes that you're like, man, Kuzma, he's figured it out. Yeah. And then there are other times if I got glasses on, I'm a coach, I put my glass down and say, Lord have mercy. I'm rubbing my temples because he makes you scratch your head. Well if You know you got players like that, huh? That don't have the confidence, you get 'em going early, you run plays for 'em on purpose. Allow 'em to get an easy bucket. You get a easy bucket. It get you, it gets you in rhythm. Hell, when it comes to football, what we do, you drop a ball, what's the first thing the coach do?


Find something easy for you to get the ball back in your hands to be your confidence back up. That's what they do to you. The third receiver ain't gonna keep getting balls thrown at his ass. He drop up. Okay, I see What you're saying. You only get you, that's the prop, that's the point. You only gonna get so many opportunities before they put somebody else ass in There. Okay, but I'm only saying You keep getting thrown to you Right when you drop a few. Now I'm just, that's not reserved for anybody else. Right. I'm just saying that. I'm only saying it because, okay. Dame dollars is not playing. If Dame dollars is not playing now, whoever else is in there, they got to replace the production in some way. They might not be able to score as much as Dame dollars is. But we gotta find ways to get those individuals who don't score like that and put it in position to get them points in some kind of way.


Joe, can you explain to old Joe, they put him in position? He laid in, he, he bought the goose eggs. Hey. And, and Indiana, they taking a challenge man. They got guys who ain't scared to guard Giannis, You know, to turn of the, the Pascal aka. So. Oh yeah. You know, it's not like they just totally double teaming him and then, and they making them, You know, they, they making him score like, yo is shot. We shot 1423 free tonight. Like, You know, they, they're making him go get it and I not gonna live with that. And he was eight or 15 from the free throw line. Okay, I'll live with that because guess what, what I'm not gonna allow him to do. 'cause if you go look at his, like his last 10 games, he had like six or seven triple doubles. Yeah.


So he's scoring 30, he's giving you 13, 14 rebounds and he's making it easy for others to score. Right. So nah, hell nah. You go ahead. Score. Don't even worry. We, Hey, how many you want? You want 36, you want 40, go ahead. Right. And I guarantee you the other guys ain't gonna hurt us. See that's problem. Yeah. But, and that's why you see Kyle Kmo only had five shot attempts in 21 minutes. You know what I mean? Like, he not leaving him. Give him no comfortable looks gni. If you going to beat us, then you gonna have to score 50 my boy. Just to keep you all in the game. Yeah, I give you that and see when you play the yo when you play the nuggets, okay, you gonna let Yogi get his 35 and you gonna let him have 17 assists?


Is that what you really, that's what you're trying to do? No. Yeah. Get whatever you want. Eat as much as you want, but I ain't gonna let none of the other mofos eat. Right. They gonna starve and you see 0 0 9 5. Because think about it. Your starters, your bench players played more than your starters. Tor and Prince had 20 played 20 minutes. Kyle Kuzma played 22 minutes. Lopez played 21 minutes and Rolls played 19. Bobby Portis played 25 gear. Trent Jr. Played 27 Ke. Kevin Porter Jr. Played 20, played 29, green played 27. So that tells you, yeah, those guys wasn't getting it done.


Hey Doc said, hey, gone in there. I think, well, hey, hey, when you look at it, Kevin Porter Jr. And Gary Trent, they can kind of go off the bounce a little bit and create, You know, not yes sales, but for others as well. That's why when you got Prince in there and he only got one shot of tip in 20 minutes, that's because we not leaving you. No. You know, we gonna play you this man to man straight up. We ain't giving y'all no dare shots and none of that. And we gonna make y'all work for everything y'all get. Yes. And, and look, and that's what you have to do. Say, Hey guys, I, I feel bad for you Miles, I feel bad for you. See, because y'all just gonna give you that work. He gonna give you that work. Yeah.


OCHO is like, hey, we not finna double and then let, and let everybody No, no, no, no. Hey, whoever got OCHO today, bro, he going hang about 1 50, 1 75 on you. But we ain't gonna let nobody else get nothing. You gotta take the challenge. You gotta step up, step up and take the challenge. That's gonna help us as a team. Man. It happens all the time. Yeah. Right. Because I don't want the other guy because Y is gonna get his, because he gonna, if if there's a crack, he's gonna slide his slender ass through it. Yeah. And either he going to dunk it, lay it up, or you gonna file it. Because think about it, he had 23 shot attempts, he had 15 free throw attempts. I mean, they go think about that now.


Yeah. 23 shot attempts, 15 free throw attempts. He was working, they making 'em work. Right. But you that, that, You know, that's also exposing everybody else's weakness. I can't create on my own. I can't put the, put the ball on the flow and create space to get my shots off. That's, that's, That's a weakness. But as a team, as a team, as a team, Ocho, that's the makeup of a team. Like everybody ain't gonna be able to go off the bounce and be able to create and get they own. They gonna be great. They gonna be great off ball defender or they gonna be great off ball players, meaning three and d guys, guys who got great energy on defense who can cause havoc.


Yeah. And knock down the, knock down the three, You know, offense. So I think that's kind of the make up of this team. It's made up of Giannis and Dame to be the creators the style. Yes. You know, and these other guys gotta chip in and give us what you give us what you got and Yeah, because that's the thing. Look and that, look, that's what Dory fit. He's not a, he's not a guy. They take your George, those are guys that you got three guys that can take you off the grounds. Right. And when help comes, they kick you make shots. Yeah. Yeah. You can't, everybody can't be up. He could take you off the dribble. He could take you off the dribble, he could take you off the Nah. You need a certain guy that need to be able to catch and shoot. Right. Everybody has a role. Now, you would like to think that when it's time for them to play their role to the utmost they do it.


Yeah. They hit they shots. Yes. Gianni Giannis is going to give you what he's gonna give you. I look, I done wrote Giannis down, Giannis gonna have about 30, probably gonna have 13 rebounds, probably gonna have five assist he gonna cover every night. So that's what I, Hey, I done penciling that on you. I done wrote that down in my book. It's kinda like at the end of the day you wrote down everything that you was going did. Yeah. What you was going do. Right? Well, I could write down what Gianni's gonna give before the game even start already. He gonna give it to you. Time 13, six probably gonna shoot probably 60%. Something like mid 50 to 60%. Okay. That's Gianni. What about and Prince Coach.


Alright. Don't be cracking no jokes. Now Kevin, I don't know what the hell he gonna give us. I don't, I do. You know Kyle kba, I saw Kyle Co I was ready for Kyle Coolman to go. I said, see, I had seen enough when you with the Lakers. Nah, it's time to move on. He only, he only gonna be, he only gonna be so good. He gonna redeem himself. He can't, he can only go up from here. Yeah. He gonna go, You know, I have two games back to back like this. I sure hope not.


Some stands for So others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I've moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they will say safety. JP Morgan Chase. Community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington. DC


Every morning brings a fresh new energy. This is today. And no matter what the day holds, we come to the Today Show for all of it. When things are tough, we talk about it. When there's something to figure out, we dig into it. And when there's joy, we celebrate it Because today is where it's all happening. We get the best start to every morning because we start it together. Watch The Today Show with Savannah Guthrie and Craig Melvin. Weekdays at 7:00 AM on NBC.


Are you still quoting 30-year-old movies? Have you said cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the now it pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen report,


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other AI often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know, choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's CAUD e.com and let us know how you feel the difference.


Yeah, yeah. Oh, hold on. Lemme see. Zeros zero for five from the field, zero from two, from the three. Oh for two from the free throw line. Got two zero rebounds, zero assist, zero steals. Zero blocked, zero points. Now it'd been really bad if he'd had zero files. So you was out there for 22 minutes and you didn't trip nobody. Hey, oh hey yo, he trip anybody? I mean, you didn't run through no screen, you ain't run through no screens, you ain't do nothing. You'd had zero cost bargain. Yeah. Nah, yeah, yeah, that'd, that'd be a problem. It's hard, man.


That's, Hey, that's a tough stat line. And yes, hopefully he'll use that for fuel though. Or hopefully he'll use it for fuel and come back in game two and give, and give. He gotta give y some help, man. I mean, I mean he, you, You know what he going to do? He just need a little help, man. Yeah, that joke had a OA ocho or a ocho OCHO double, You know, you had a triple double or a triple single. Yeah. Hey, double. See nobody have eight zeros. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now if you got that, if you got money with eight, who, well, you got the paper. Yeah. Hello? You don't want to, you don't, you don't want to have that on the basketball court after finishing with the third worst defensive rating of the NBA this season, the Phoenix Sun's priority.


This off season is to get tougher on the other end of the court on the latest episode on YouTube show, NBA inside of Chris Haynes explained the sons intend to move away from trying to build around a couple of stars and having more defensive minded and tough players that allow them to be more physical. Joe, is this the right move? Because I believe the only guy that's untouchable is Devin Booker. Matt HPE seems to have made it very clear Devin Booker, what he's done in this community, what he's meant for this team. Yeah. What he's meant for this city. He's off limits. Everybody else step right up. Depending on what you offering, he can say that now, but depending on what you, depending on what you offering, right.


I mean, I mean man, they, they got two guys who were just on the USA Olympic team. Yeah. And they, they didn't even get into the play in game. Yeah. Like this is, You know, that's unfortunate, bro. So I don't know, You know, I, I'm a De Booker fan man, but you never know what these owners, once they, You know, first get in position, man, a lot of them, this is just, this is just for fun for them, You know what I mean? So, yeah. You know, they make moves that, You know, normally a seasoned person wouldn't do sometimes. I've been on the other end of that. I've been on the other end of that. I know what it's like. But here's the thing, I think, well, if you get rid of everybody who in the fans gonna rally behind?


I Think you keep Booker just out of that. Now I don't, I, me personally, I don't think, I don't think book deal, trade book, that's just me personally. You believe that that's possible considering, but what are you gonna get? Maybe you get some draft picks, You know, rank on some of these young cats coming down. Hold on. But that's the, but I'm saying you want a whole, you wanna start your whole team with draft picks. If, if you want, if he mentioned he want def he want better defense, he want physicality, right? Yes. You get rid your scores. Bradley Bill, You know what he agrees? He says, You know what, I have a no trade clause, but I'm let y'all send me somewhere where I actually wanna go. You move on from kd.


So you go defensive wise, you go physicality, you keep Devin Booker. Well where the hell is the scoring coming from? We, where the scoring coming from? Now I'm listening. They had, I'm, I'm listening to us talk. We just talked about the bucks and you got two people where you got one person, you got dame out, dam Dam is out. You got the only person putting up points that you can rely on to put the ball in the goddamn basket and Giannis. But now we talk about getting, getting, getting rid of two prolific scores actually. Yeah. Two and keeping one. And you want go physicality so that, that put, that just deplete your team and put you in the hole. You got everybody playing defense, but you ain't got nobody to score. That don't make no sense. How many guys go win like that?


Hey, we can only go up man. We, we didn't make the play in ocho. We, I mean we gotta do something man. We, we in the wild, wild west, like it is tough over there, man. It is tough. They gave up so much. They gave up so much to get kd, they gave up so much. They gave up draft picks. They gave up one of the better perimeter defenders in Mikhail Bridges. They gave up Cam Johnson, the guy that can knock, they can knock down shots. Okay. You said, okay, big three, big three, big three, but, and now you lose Deandre eight. Now Deandre eight wasn't the greatest defensive center, but he was a seven foot rim presence. Now you don't have that.


You have Ner is a big body. He can rebound. But that's, that's about it. Slow footed. No really no real threat on the offensive end. You had Alex land for a while, you not he with the Lakers sitting or taking up space. So I I I'm, when you, when you look at the Phoenix Suns, I mean I want some defense. He's probably gonna want to go, they gotta, I mean, look, they this point Brooklyn accommodated Kevin Durant, I wanna go to Phoenix, play with Chris Paul CP three. Well that's what they need. They need a point guard. Yeah, let's start with that. First and foremost, they need somebody to initiate the offense.


I'm gonna take, I'm gonna take the ball out of Devin Booker hands and put him at the two. Okay. Devin Booker is best at the two not running the offense at the two. Let's start with that. Secondly, yeah, you got guys that can put the ball in the basket, but you can't guard a parked car with a Uzi and the motor missing. Yeah. So, so now everything is a layup line. Everybody getting whatever they get, whatever they want against Phoenix, whatever layup, they, they get layup line, they get shoot around threes you not winning, you're not winning like that. Yeah. They try to play Devin Booker like the Clippers do James Harden.


Yes. Appreciate the offense can score a will, a willing passer can pass. And it just hadn't worked out for him. It just hadn't worked out for him. But if you remember, James was always that because when he came in with the shock troops at OKC, the ball was in his hands. Yeah. So he's always been that. So now he goes to Houston and now he's not coming off the bench. You remember those first couple of games that he had with Houston? They's like, what the hell? Yeah. Like 38, like 35, 42. So James Harden have always had the ball in his hand. Now granted Russ came in and, and, and took some of that and obviously when you play with kd, but when he went to Houston and perfected that craft.


Yeah. Yeah. So now he can play like that. Booker has never ever had to play like that. Right. So you are asking a guy to do something that he's really never done. Right. It's nothing for James Harden to do that. 'cause guess what? Everywhere James Harden has been, since he left OKC, he's had the ball in his hand, had the ball in his hand at Brooklyn. Even with Kyrie and kd. James had the ball. Yeah. He goes to Philly with Ben Simmons and Well, Ben was gone when he got there. And you had Joel and Bead and you had Tyrese Maxey. Yeah. He had the ball. Yeah. He goes to the Clippers. Paul George Kawhi. Yeah. He's got the ball.


So you, that's which James Harden does. He has the ball. Yeah. Yeah. You are asking Booker to do something that he hasn't done. Yeah, James is a great ISO player. He has a great, great feel for the game and he understands when the pass, when the, and when to be aggressive. And he's been great at picking his spots. Yeah. I mean they're two totally different players. He's a better isolation player than Devin Booker. Yeah. Which is, You know, plus his IQ is very high as well, which is why he's a rack up these double doubles the way he does. He's led the league and assist twice. Yeah. So clearly he can facilitate offense clearly. He understand he's an IQ basketball player yet. Look, you're not leading the look, you're not gonna, you're not leading the league and assist.


Now granted it happened. It hap hopefully the guy on the other end don't monkey it up, but he understands he's tremendous. And him and Zbox, he's turned Zbox into a hundred million dollar man. Yes sir. Because him and Zbox in the pick and roll, he gonna drop, he'll leave it for him and Zbox gonna power it home. Yeah. He's tremendous. He perfected that step back three. Yeah. Yeah. James Harden. Yep. Because he was the one that was, I like, hold on, travel. Hey. Nah Joe, when I first saw him doing, I said, nah, nah, nah, nah. He that, that, that that ninja traveled.


Hey, hey, I, You know, I had a little step with Houston, I played with James man on that year. They won, we won like, what was it, like 22 games in a row or something like that? Yeah. They about 36 a game. Yes. I came in on the, on the win streak. They had probably already won like 11, 12 in a row. But man, his preparation for the game is different. He, he really sits in, he in the gym. He works on them shots. Yeah. Them orthodox shots. Which is why he's so tough to guard. He's so crafty in the pick and roll because he can beat you in every way. If you go under, he gonna shoot the three. If you go over, he gonna keep you in jail back there, keep you in that little huffer buck. Yeah, yeah. Now you got the floaters, the dish outs, the live the zoo box.


And that's hard to stop, man, look. Yeah. You know, he, he got a crew with him who, You know, those guys made some shots tonight. That's why I was, I was shocked they lost. So where they controlled their game. Yeah. I I I think Kawhi cooled off a little bit in the second half. 'cause the first quarter he had it going. Yeah. James had it going. I think James getting in foul trouble. That hurt them more than anything. Yeah. Yeah. That, that really, that really like, because it took him out of his rhythm. But James can look, I mean, you can't say enough good things about James Harden. He, he, he, first of all, he's a member of all 75th, the 75th anniversary team that tell right there. He's an MVP, he's an all NBA selection and he had the highest scoring, the highest scoring month since, You know, since probably 70.


He averaged 43 in a, in a, in a month. Yeah. Which was a, a tick above what Kobe had. Remember Kobe had like 35. Yeah. When he had that 81. He had like four or five 60 point games. But James hard is, is a great score of the basketball. But nor, and, and, but he's an IQ player normally guys, it is hard to find a guy, he and Luca like that, that could score the basketball like that, that they can get you 60. Yeah. But they can get you 15 assists. Yeah. There ain't been very many guys in the history of the game that could score 60 and get you 15 assists. Right, right. James Harden and Luca could do that. Yeah. Yeah. He can affect the game in that way. Yeah. That's, he, he's a tough guard man. He's a tough guard for sure.


You James Jones. What you doing? How do you, how do you improve the nick? I mean, excuse me, the sons, how do you get them better? Because just a couple of years ago they were in the playoff. They were, You know, they were in NBA finals. They had a two oh lead on Milwaukee. They end up losing that. They make another run. How what, what are you doing? What are you doing, man? First hope he keep his job. Okay. So that's a lot of people. Hey man, You know, I already got rid of the coach. They got rid of what? Three of the coaches, them all them coaches still making money. They fired, they fired Moy Williams after four years, they fired Vogel after not 10 months, they fired Bud Bruno after 11 months.


Amen. So you about to have your fourth coach in four in four years. So if you got $80 million, you got $80 million in coaches. That's not even working. But, And there's no players that's gonna walk through that room and save your job though. No, there's Players. Who are you going to get when you got some of the best already? That's why I need to go get, that's why Go ahead Joe. I start, You know, you got you starting over. You, you, you try to get luck and get, if you try to get some of these top draft picks this year, and I don't know how you can do it, but it's some talent in this draft man. And Hey, okay Joe, you said talent in the draft. Can you name one college player that can come in that gonna change the franchise? That can change? I ain't saying when I say change, when you say change the franchise, I ain't saying it is a, it is a, it's a rookie who can come in and give him the 60.


No, ain't no LeBron James. Ain't no Kevin Durant in this draft. But you want, you want excitement, You know, you want promise. You want hope. Yeah. So, You know, it's some young females who can come in and keep these Phoenix fans excited enough to where they're still in tune with the sons man. You know, they, they love their sons down there. Yeah. Yeah.


The Volume Some stands for so others mighty. And I am a grateful beneficiary. That's how I started my journey of recovery. 15 years later, I'm gainfully employed. I moved from homelessness to a safe and secure place to owning my own home. Today, if these walls could talk, they would say safety. JP Morgan Chase, community development banking understands that the buildings we invest in are more than just four walls. They are you, they are us. They are Washington, dc


You know, some people say that, oo, business management software is like fertilizer the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say oo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, ooo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@ooo.com o doo.com.


Millions of people have turned to Claude, the AI assistant from Anthropic because it just feels different where other AI often sound a little robotic. Claude has been designed with special research that informs its character, meaning that Claude just gets it when it comes to empathy and emotional intelligence. That's why Claude has become the, if You know, You know, choice for dating advice, career coaching, gathering your thoughts for those important life decisions and more, give Claude a try for free@claude.com. That's CAUD e.com. And let us know how you feel the difference.


Get this. Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart greenlight.com/iheart.