
When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation. With its game changing color and tropical flavor, hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, lour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Wasn't that delicious? So good.


Your bill, ladies. I got Got it. No, I got it. Seriously, I insist. I insisted first. First of don't be silly. Oh, don't be silly, you don. Be silly. Don't be silly People with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay, Rock paper, scissors for it. Paper scissors, shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit Wells Fargo dot com slash active cash terms apply.


You know some people say that Oo, business management software is like fertilizer the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Oo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and it's also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, oo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@oo.com o doo.com.


The battlefield is set. The stakes are high. The only thing standing between you and victory, nothing ascend to the pinnacle of gaming greatness with Lenovo Legion laptops, towers, and the new award-winning legion go. The world's first officially licensed handheld powered by Steam os. Legion relentlessly pushes gaming technology forward with towers built for raw untamed power laptops with best in class AI tuning that sharpen your reflexes and the legion. Go a handheld for serious gaming on the go. Stay ahead with lightning fast responsiveness on a stunning 16 inch pure site display. Keep your cool with cold front thermal technology engineered for marathon sessions and with all day battery life, the game never stops until you say so. So check out lenovo.com/legion Lenovo Lenovo Empowering creators everywhere.


The Volume


Who's scoring big this NBA season you are with all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster slams to edition the Rock to Cleaning the Glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly Take it to the rack with draft King Sportsbook. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money moves. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now a jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speeds not available in all areas.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did You know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures. Plus Cologuard test is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at Cologuard dot com slash podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk of colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have half. Athenas have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family district of colorectal cancer. A Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies. High risk patients. Cologuard TS in adults 45 to 49 and estimated based on a large clinical study of patients, 50 and older, false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Hello, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap, brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their nationwide 5G network today. Got my road sign up. Got my sign up ocho, that is grandmother's house. So hopefully he'll get his up so when he's on the road he can have his in the backdrop as well. I'm have, I'ma Have mine Saturday. I'm gonna have mine Saturday 'cause I'm, I remember I fly to Houston tomorrow in the Morning. Right. All right, thank you. I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp, the route runner extraordinaire, the Liberty City legend, the bingo Ring of Fame, honor. Read the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button.


Please make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Thank you guys for your continue support. Make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We have it in stock and we're gonna be coming to cities near you. Just got distribution in Illinois, Maryland, South Carolina, Arizona, New Mexico, Florida. Headed your way out your next week. Yeah, if you do not, if you can't find it in a city or a state that's near you, we're already in 14 states. We just got activation of about another six to seven more. Order it online, we'll ship it directly to your door until it is in a city or state near you.


Then you can go. Just go pick it up. Please drink responsible and please stay safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms, sheshe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We just dropped our Super Bowl show shirt and hat last week. The link is pinned in the chat and supplies are limited. And remember, once they're gone, they're gone. So please get yours while supplies last. We've got a jam packed show for you tonight. Defensive player of the year. Hey, Bronco Country in the house. Pat Surtain ii followed by Tank Davis. He'll have a big fight Saturday. And my guy, it wasn't only earthquake, but everybody just called him Quake.


But first Ocho Woo. Stephan Curry. Oh yeah. Was cooking tonight. When is he not? 56 Point, he had 56, 12 made threes. 16 or 25, 12 or 12 from the free throw line. He outscored Orlando by himself in the third quarter, 22, 21. It's his 14th 50 point game of his career. Steph Curry has nine, nine game nine what? Nine made threes in NBA. He has 45 games Ojo in which he's made at least nine threes in a game. The next closest is Dame Lillard at 14.


And then Clay Thompson at 12. And if I'm not mistaken, if I read this correctly, I think if you take up the next five, Steph has more, or he's tied with the next five. So if you Dame Lillard, if you put in Clay Thompson, I think JR r Smith is in that group, but it's about five other guys that have made at least nine threes in a game. And if you combine the next five highest, I think Steph still has more than all those guys. He was on one tonight and You know, we've seen this throughout his career. Once he gets cooking, oh He cooking. You just, you just hope you can weather the storm. And you got guys, Paulo Bank Carroll was cooking also, but not to the, not till he wasn't on Fuego like Step was, I don't know if you saw this game, mocho, did you take a look at this game?


Nah, I, I didn't, I didn't have a chance to look at this game. Obviously I was asleep, You know, when this game was going on. I'm just waking up from a nap so I could have the energy I needed tonight. Right. But when you look at, when I look at the stat line, I look at how efficient Steph was, You know, from three and it's numbers at the free throw line. It just comes back to like, I mean, is this something we're not used to? You know, except even, even, even even human at times because we've seen him put up these type of performances, You know, throughout his career. You know. And like you said, when he gets hot, he gets hot. So it's like, okay. Yeah. Oh, he, Steph dropped 56. I mean, it's like, okay, nothing new. We're used to this. We've seen, You know, You know what I mean? In a sense, we've seen this before.


So I mean, yeah, I mean, it, it, it, Steph and Steph has 45, Dame has 14. Clay Thompson has 12. James Harden has nine. Anthony Simons has five. CJ McCullough has three. So if you take tho, well JR r Smith has five. So if you take those next, if you take Dame Clay, James Hart, Anthony Simons and Jr, they have the same number. If you throw in Anthony CJ McCullough, now you got six guys and they have three more nine made threes in a game than Steph Curry. Man, that's crazy. He is, he is the greatest shooter that we've ever seen. Yeah. The way he can shoot there isn't a bad shot. You know, once upon a time, man, that's a terrible shot.


Yeah. There is no terrible shot for Steph Curry. Not for him. I mean, and, and and what, what's most impressive? Yeah, shooting the basketball is impressive, but yes sir. It's ocho it's the continuation of running. Do you understand what type of conditioning this man has to be in? Because You know, when you get tired with anything, hell, you get tired of running around, don't you? You like woo hands get lazy head getting, eyes get lazy, head getting lazy coming around, all that stuff. And for him to put that kind of running in because he, hey, he's coming off screens continuously. He's one side. He'll hey, long rebound, he'll reset. Goes back up with it again. For him to be able to do this throughout the entirety of the game is unbelievable.


Yeah. I'm glad I've got an opportunity. I'm glad I'm old enough and I'm wise enough to understand what I'm witnessing because there've been some great shooters, but they've been nothing like this young man. This is phenomenal at shooting the basketball and every act, every accolade or superlative that you want to bestow upon him, he's more than deserving of that model. Citizen doesn't get any trouble. You don't have to worry about him. Right. Hearing his name off the field wife four, four lovely kids and he's what you want your franchise. You say, okay, he's a franchise player. That's what you want your franchise player to look like. Yes sir. Sir. That's what you want your franchise player to be. He's been a great ambassador for the NBA.


He's been a great ambassador for the Curry family. There's nothing that his mom and dad should ever, ever nothing. Nobody in his family should ever be ashamed of anything. 'cause he, the way he speaks, the way he conducts himself on and off the court, take a bow step. Yes sir. Boy, say, sir, you, you were the only one tonight. Oh hey, whatever you ate today, still probably go, Hey, he gonna send them. Hey, go get that again. Yeah, we gonna take that on a plane. We gonna, wherever we going next. I don't know if they playing in Miami or they head down to Atlanta because they probably on the East coast trip Ocho whatever you ate before the game, whatever you did before this game. Same routine. Oh yeah. Yeah. Same routine. I Don't know if he's superstitious or not Ocho, but if I'm him to have a game like this, think about ocho.


I'm sure when you had that, those big games, those what? A, a couple of 200 yard games, You know? Oh yeah man, what, what did I, what did I do today? A And You know, and You know what's funny? Most of the time you have those big games like that. You get your Drake, you get your drug test the follow morning because the NFL thinks something wrong with you and you go back and try to remember exactly what you did. Right. You can't even remember because sometimes at times it don't be nothing special. It just one of those days where everything just seems to go Right. Right. Well I don't know why Steph Curry get drug tested. 'cause if he taking drugs, they backfired, they ain't working. So whatever, whatever he taking, he didn't even take more of it or leave it alone. But you, like I said, they've been some great shooters.


Lad Bird was a great shooter. Reggie Miller was a great shooter. Obviously Clay Dame Dollar, arguably the Ray Allen James Harden could let the ball go. Yeah. We've never seen anything like Steph Curry. I'm not so sure we're gonna see it again now. Thereby, eventually somebody down the line might make more threes. But I think, I think we can definitively say even if they make more threes, they weren't a better shooter than Steph. They just got, they, because Steph was what created this, brought this wave in to take in that many threes. 'cause it was Golden State that was shooting 30 threes a game. Now you get some guys, they shooting 50.


Yeah. Team shooting 50 a game. So guys coming in shooting more threes. But as far as just flat out shooting a basketball. Yeah. Then, then, but better than him, We got an opportunity to see on full display at the Olympics. Mm. Oh yeah. Remember during that last game against France? Yeah. Well in, in in crunch time when we actually needed It. Yeah. They had him double. He hey, he hey, passed it to kd, KD swung it back to him. Hey and my good friend Mark Jackson say that I have this dance. Yeah. Hey, between the legs behind the back crossover, step back 28 feet splash. However you want it. He can cover, listen, like, like you said, not only is he the best shooter, he can create his own space.


Oh yeah. Yeah. Hey listen, he coming off picks, running plays, creating his own space. All he need, all he need, all he needs a little bit Now because his release is so quick, huh? Yeah. His release is so quick. Is that man, Because the thing is now what he's done before, well he, he didn't do earlier in the career. He'll put the ball on the floor and go buy you. Oh yeah. So if you hug up on him, he got the kinda handles that can put the ball on the floor and he got a nice float game he can finish now he's gonna finish above the rim like a ru or like a D Rose could, but he can finish nice float game. And You know, he's, you follow him. He's the greatest free throw shooter and percentage wise in NBA history.


So he's really hard to defend because you want to get aggressive and not let him because he's looking to get separation and all he needs is an inch. He gets that separation and the next thing You know, he's launching one. And so yeah, he, but it was unbelievable to watch him get in that zone and to see guys get in the zone. Guys ain't usually get in the zone like this from distance. We seen guys get hot OCHO and they'll lay the ball up and they got the midrange game. But he's shooting from distance. Yeah. I mean, 22. That's crazy. 25, 28. Hell The hell 25, the logo. He got that kind of, he got that kind of range. He has that kind of handles.


He's unbelievable watch and woo, I don't know. I might have to reassess what I think about the Golden State Warrior. 'cause I didn't think they was gonna do nothing. They still got an uphill climb because they were, they were what they were I think 10th when Steven and I had this conversation on Tuesday. And so they got some digging. 'cause they're still in the playing currently. Right. I don't, I'm not sure how much ground they can make up to get out of that, that that play. I think you gotta get to at least to succeed to get out the play. We'll see. But Steph Curry carried them tonight. Jimmy, nobody did anything other than him. But when you got a guy like that, all you doing is sitting picks and get them to basketball.


That's it. I ain't try to interfere with that. I ain't trying to get no shots. So if, if he, if he hot let him cook. Hell yeah. Let you Don Cook. Let him burn it down. Burn hey, burn his mofo down. Yeah. But he was, he was on one tonight. And like I said, when he gets going like that, it's just like, oh Joe, you see like it is a, a guy catches a bunch of passes once he gets it going Chase, you see Chase and Jetta and you see these guys get going. Right. You at their mercy. You at their, once some, once a a lineman get going, you let a miles Garrett or you let a a a a TJ Watt and they get a couple of sacks early. You got your hands full the rest of the game.


Now you better double it. Yeah. You better chip him now. You better not a nah. That's a, that's a a all pro over that left tackle. That's an all pro. I don't care. That don't mean nothing. Not not when, not when the guys getting it going like that. You kind of at their mercy. And when Steph gets it going and these guys, I mean, you talking about anybody Dame Clay, we saw Clay the other night. Get it cookie. And he was, he was something special going on.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, laur, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Wasn't that delicious? So good. Your bill ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I it. No, I got it. Seriously. I insist I first, first of don't be silly. Don't be silly. You don. You don don't be silly. You don Silly. Don't people with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay. Rock paper, scissors for it. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card visit Wells Fargo dot com Slash active cash Terms apply


These days. It feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. Their American dream isn't dying. It's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it. And Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket


During tax season. Your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft when up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package and restoration is guaranteed or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms apply.


Joining us three time Pro Bowler, two time All pro defensive player of the year. He's one of six now. He's one of seven DBS to have won that award. Mel Blunt won it first. Lester Hayes, rod Woods, Dion Sanders, Charles Woods, Stefan Gilmore, and now representing Bronco Country. Pat er II PS two. What'd it do? Yo, what's good? What's happening? Talk man. Bro. Bro, I'm proud man. You represent Bronco Country extremely well, man. You are the first defensive player of the year since Randy Gau, I think 77 or 78. So it's been damn near 50 years since we've had a defensive player of the year. But I can't think of someone that's more worthy with the work that you put in.


Oh yeah. The way you prepare, You know, hey I get the, I get, I get Intel the way, the professionalism that what you display, how you go about your business, how you try to get better and better every day. The attention to detail that you put in. Man, I wanna take my hat off and say congratulations and I'm proud you a Bronco bro. Yeah. Appreciate and listen. You, you. Yeah. You know, but Pete, You know I've been watching you since high school. Boy man I obviously having, You know, having the battles with your, with with your pops man we was in the league and now watching you dominate at, at the position and, and being the Number one defensive back in the league. I, I wanna know my first And what's your mindset man? When you line up against some of the best receivers in the league with a great understanding as technically sound as you are and as savvy as you are, how important is you to be able to keep your composure in most situations with DB's panic, which makes you probably the best in the league on that, on that trade alone outside of ball skills and other stuff.


He froze. Yes. I might need, we not, might need to get you a Boost Mobile contract, bro. So you'll stop freezing up on us. Nah, this wifi tripping man. Pete, where you at? Wifi you at, you at the crib? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what, what's wrong with wifi? Nah, I'm, yeah, I'm not, Not going. But what don't you was asking you is that, what's your mindset when you go into a game and You know you're gonna tap to take, you're gonna have to travel. Yeah. You got a lot of frequent flyer miles 'cause you go left, right? Sometimes you jump in the slot, but mainly you're outside, but you're taking the opposing team's best receiver.


What is your mindset? How do you get locked in on a given Sunday? Yeah, I think it all starts with preparation. Knowing your opponent, knowing who you're going up against, You know, 'cause the NFL each and every week, You know, you going up against a, a top, top line receiver each and every week. So, You know, you gotta have that mindset going in. Like, you going to win every rep at the end of the day. So, You know, every time I go and play every Sunday I look at it as a blessing. 'cause You know, I get to go up against the best, You know, and perform at a high level. So, Hey, growing up, listen, did you always know you wanted, did you always know you wanted to follow in your father's footsteps as a cornerback? Or was there another position you wanted to play? Or was it always defensive back?


Nah, I wasn't always db You know, I, I've always wanted to be a running back growing up for real. Yeah. I mean, You know, You know I played at P-P-O-P-P-O Bengals. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. You know I, when you was at PO Yeah. Yeah. Hey, y'all be cheating out there, man. Yeah, I was, I was showing up that running back man I always wanted be okay. But then like, You know, I played offense, You know, and then it, when I went to DB it sort of translated naturally, right. And I sort of got the feel for, You know, the instincts, the press, You know, I had the press game already, so I was like, I'm just gonna carry it over to DB and You know, the game went off from there. So. Yeah.


Yeah. When people describe you, the one thing they say technically sound always on balance to a team. Doesn't, he doesn't get lazy. He doesn't get lazy with his footwork. He doesn't get lazy with his hand placement. He doesn't get lazy with his head head. What are you thinking? Like when you go up there and you like, okay, okay I got XYI got whoever the receiver is. When you lock in and you like, I got this guy, what are you thinking? PS Shoot, the first thing I'm, I'm thinking of being sound. Okay. You know, You know, like you said, technically sound like it's talking my eyes, You know, making sure my eyes at the right spot, You know, not guessing, You know, You know, being sound with that, You know, and putting, making sure my, my feet match the receiver's feet at the end of the day, You know, the receivers, You know, Chad, y'all get in and outta break standing, You know, y'all, y'all so quick.


So we gotta react and that's the main making sure I'm able to react, You know, a couple seconds, You know, later with the receiver's timing at the end of the day, so. Right. You know, I make sure I'm with that and hand placement is right. You know, when I'm pressing, You know, feet line with my eyes at the end of the day. So, You know, that's the main thing. Right. You know, I Lemme ask this though, lemme get this. Okay Ahead. Go ahead. I got a good one. Are you a pattern read guy or you a downing distance guy? Because me, I'm looking at guys how guys play me. I'm looking at downing distance, how they play. I'm looking at when we are in a certain formation, how they play. So are you a pattern readed guy or you a downing distance guy? I, I think that's a good question.


I think it ties you in both ways. Okay. I think like when you, when you realize down the distance, right, like you realize what patterns about to come. Like, You know, like if it's third and short, You know, you, you four by one backside, you, you, you expecting, You know, you to backside, You know what I mean? So like when you, when you, when you tie in those little things, You know, you understand the game. Like I, I read like two by two sets and be like, okay, two out to the flat, Number one got end breaker. You know what I mean? It's just like route concepts have different levels to it. You know, when you a DB and you look at a first hand, but You know, it comes with experience, You know, I mean Right.


I wanna say necessarily, say when I was a rookie I knew that, You know, so the more and more time I had in the league and understanding offenses and how they process it slowed the game down for me for sure. So I think when you go in each every week and You know you got the right film preparation, I think all that ties in together. Yeah. Hey, this is, this is what I wanted to ask you too, because I had a lot of freedom to be able to do what I wanna do as long as I stayed within the time of the offense. And I'm curious on the defensive side of the ball being that you're so good, how much freedom do you have in Reign to be able to do what you want to do within the defensive scheme based on the de based on the receiver that you're playing each week now each week you playing teams, Number one, you traveling with 'em and every receiver is different.


Do you change a game a little bit in your approach to that specific player each week being that they're different and do, do they allow you the freedom to do that in the, in the, in in then the secondary? I'm not sure how, how strict your coach is. I'm just, I'm just Curious. Yeah, I mean there, there's definitely some freedom. You know, it's, it depends on the call, You know, we have different variations of calls. Right. You know, allowed you to be free like man to man. Like you could switch it up your leverage and stuff here, right? Like when I'm, when I'm playing in the defensive scheme, I'm, I'm sort of like, if I'm a zone, I'm trying to, I'm more solely focused on the quarterback sometimes, You know, receive like trying to bait the quarterback or give the quarterback this look and thinking of something else at the same time.


But yeah, you, You know, you get a lot of leadway out there, You know, but it's all about you, You know, playing confident, You know, it's all starts with your confidence and your ability at the day. So I think with all defensive scheme, You know, Vance Joseph, he allows us to, You know, excel in our skillset. You know what I mean? Play free. I'm looking at you and like you play a DK Metcalf for Mike Evans, those are more big body receivers that want to get physical. You play a smaller receiver that's quick. Now, I don't know if people know this, you a Rangey guy. I mean you got, you got long arms and you, you long, I mean you're six two, you are a legit six two and a half. I ain't no there no used on you are a legit six two and a half.


Yeah. So when you go up against say a DK Medcalf on one's play and now you got Jackson Smith and Jig gma or you got lock it on the next play, how different, how difficult is it for you to get it out? Like, okay, this guy's more physical. Okay. I know I gotta be, I gotta be able to be strong at my initial point versus a guy that got fast twich that's looking to get up out of there in a hurry. Yeah, that's the thing man. Like, You know, people, people have this like notion on top of DB saying, You know, they can't get in and outta breaks, You know what I mean? I mean obviously they know taller DBS may be physical, but that's the thing. Like as DB gotta have quick feet, You know what I mean? You gotta, you gotta be sudden as well too. So when I go against bigger receivers, I'm like okay, we match up pretty well.


Like that's my game being physical. But like them quicker, smaller receivers that shit and quick it's like, okay now now I gotta tie into my game a little bit more. No, now it's not our physicality, You know, it's all about the feet being aware of being sudden. But You know, that just goes in, You know, towards the work in the off season. Like making sure my short area quickness up to par, You know what I mean? All that ties in together because You know them receivers stop on a dime then boom. Yeah, I gotta translate that. Getting out the break and finishing on the play. So I think every week has its own challenge because, You know, sometimes I go against a new receiver, I don't know any experience against them, but the guy be quick.


You know, you gotta just read and react at the end of the day. So, yeah, Listen for, for me, my, my toughest challenge is, You know, during, during my tenure, during my career, obviously, You know, playing within the division, having to deal with the Ike Taylors, the Lee Bidens, obviously Darrell Res being the best DB I've I've ever going against during my tenure in the league. Who would your top three receivers be that you feel are the most difficult to cover or you, or would give you issues? You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm trying to, to find a way where you can, you can, you can give them, You know, know their flowers without saying that they, they can beat you, You know? But yeah, there's always somebody. Yeah. You know, there's, it's crazy 'cause the receivers, it seem like every year, like another receiver pops up like, right.


Like people had under the radar. So it's like I be go through the, through the lineage of receivers that I could see pop up like year in, year out. 'cause I look at sissy as well too, so. Right, right. You know, so like ly Jamal, he up there, he had a great year, You know, I against, You know, it was a good matchup between me and him. A good battle. Then we had like Devonte Adams. Yeah. Mean we had good battles. Like I look at dudes that I battle against, You know what I mean? And You know, we have all good matchups and lemme see, I say Tyre Hill and he's been like, he, he was that dude for sure. He's that dude. So some good matchups. Pat your dad senior All pro, how much time did he spend with you once you decided that you're gonna play db?


How much time did he spend with you? Did you guys watch film? Did he say, okay, look for this? Did he work with you on certain things? So what, what's been some of the lessons that your dad having a dad play in the NFL play at a high level? What's some of the things that he's taught you? Yeah, I think it's an honor. You know, being able to, You know, sort of, You know, have that, You know, personal life that played at a high level. You know what I mean? You know, just learning from him, learning what he's seeing from the game. I'm just, I just, You know, I'm just a sponge. You know, I'm soaking in everything he taught me, You know, from day one. So, You know, being able to translate that to the game now, it's honestly a blessing. But, You know, I learned a lot.


I mean, he, he just knows the game, the in ins and outs of the game, You know what I mean? He's played in the league for, You know, a long time. So being able to have that on my side with his experience, it helps a lot. You know, just from when I was in the backyard, just doing drills with him now, just watching film and stuff who never had the chance to. I think it's honestly a privilege for sure. And lemme ask you this, at Alabama, coach Saban spent a lot of time with the dbs. He was very, very hands-on coaching eyes, eyes, this feet, this, this and this. Tell me about Coach Saban and, and his approach to coaching DBS and some of the lessons that he taught you.


Because it seemed like Coach Saban was hard. I told you to do it like this. Yeah, yeah. That's, that's him man. Like he, the thing is about Saban, like obviously he's very hands-on, but it's with a purpose. Like it's with a result that comes with it the day. Like, You know, the things he teach you, You know, you just can't hear it one ear and out the other. You gotta really lock in and understand it because he'll come back with you and challenge you with the same question each should and every day. And then if you don't lock in, that's when he like, man, I can't trust you. You know what I mean? I can't put you on that field. Yeah. You know, so I think a lot of, a lot of things he says was very, You know, prevalent, You know, to what he teaches and You know, it was a pleasure.


'cause You know, every once in a while you needed it. You needed that. You know what I mean? You needed somebody to get on your ass and here and there. Yeah. I mean I think, I think it was definitely a learning experience for me, but it was well worth it, You know, being coached by the greatest college football coach to ever do it, You know, at the end of the day. So, You know, my times there spending with him, I learned a lot, You know, and just when I take some of the lessons that he taught me, I sort of translate to league now. So What were those practices like? You got Henry Rugs, you got Devonte Smith, you got Judy, you got, I mean you, you got Waddle, you got those guys was, it's not like you're like okay man, let me go on over here.


I'm gonna take Judy, hold on. He was the Biletnikoff Award winner, man. I got Devonte Smith. He caught the game winning touchdown at the National Championship game of the Truth Freshman. He is the Heisman Trophy winner. He is the Biletnikoff Emel award. That he, that he did that. He was like, nah, let me, let me go on and jump on Waddle. You got a guy that's running four two boom by you, you got a guy rugs running four two by you. I mean what was practices like? 'cause I know there had to be some talking going on. Nah, for sure it was, it was competitive. It was like my college career. I wasn't even like the games was the games. Like the games were so easy 'cause You know, you win up every practice. I was so much worried about how I'm gonna perform in practice right in the game.


You know what I mean? Because like I say, you got jewelry, you got Waddle, you got Smitty and rugs. It's like those were right there. Like you see in the game live in action and you like, man, any one of these boys go for like 203 tug easy. You know, if they want to. Then you got two that quarterback Mack Jones, Bryce Young Jalen Hurts. And you back there like man, like yeah, these some dudes, these some do. Yeah, it was a lot of shit talking though. Like we, we had competitive periods and like boom, like the defense will win and offensive will get mad, get frustrated and save me. You know, he a defensive coach. So You know, we ain't practice on a good note, You know, good speech, good practice, but boy the offense come back the next day.


Light y'all ups, You know, like we have a tough day doing them. Competitive period. Then saving, he'd be like, break it down then boom. We would just run gases just 'cause of defense. Ain bad man. He hate to see the defense lose, but like, yeah, but them practices, man. Like I could vividly remember like ushers like getting better like each and every day like, You know, hot summer days do through them grueling days. Like it was well worth it because in the game it was like piece of cake, boom. I know why I need to line up. Like you do a release, boom, it's easy. Like I'm on the hip. But in practice it's like I need to lock in in my agent. You know what I mean?


So yeah, it was definitely memorable for sure. That's dope. You, you've had some incredible plays bro. You know, obviously I've watched your highlights numerous times being that I I am, I'm a huge, huge advocate for excellent DB play. You've had some incredible plays in your early career, earlier ear, in your early career, in the early stages of your career. What's been your favorite moment, You know, in the NFL so far outside of getting drafted? I know getting drafted is the, that you can't replicate or replace that moment. But outside of that, what's been your favorite moment so far? Shoot, I think, I think it just happened. Winning that Depo man.


Oh Yeah, that's pretty, that's a pretty surreal feeling. Yes sir. I just think, You know, that just ties in all the work I put in the off season, You know, and just setting my goals aside, You know, and put into fruition. I think that was my favorite moment so far. But I say, I say another thing is that's very underrated is, You know, building relationships, You know, across the league, You know what I mean? Yeah. You know, building, building bonds that You know, around the league that, You know, you would, you would chairs for a lifetime. And that's one of the things that, You know, I've been able to get exposed to, You know, meeting great vets, You know, I mean being around great locker rooms, great presence like that. I think that's very cool. That's a part of the NFL Brotherhood.


But yeah man, I know I got a lot more years to go so I know things will keep rolling, experience gonna keep coming. So now I'm very excited, You know, I'm enjoying it so far. How does a young man stay hungry? You have such great accomplishments early in your career, you've been an off, you've been an all pro, you've gone to the Pro Bowl, you just won defensive player of the year in your third year. What does Pat or Satan do to stay hungry? Because a lot of times when people re are an A achieve accomplishment, you climb a mountain, you like yes. But the really great one, find another summit to scale. What does Pat Satan do for an encore? Man, I just realized at this point, man, You know, you done everything, You know at some point, but there's always room to get better.


Like sometimes I be like, like on this play, like man, I coulda did something different here. Be like boom. Like what's that next step in order for me to get there? You know what I mean? Like, I'm still a work in progress, You know what I mean? I still haven't reached my ceiling at the end of the day. So I feel like there's more work to be done and I feel like right now, You know what I mean, people get into that, You know, I'm getting to that point where, You know, You know people gonna bring their a game, You know each and hmm. You know what I mean? They gonna try, You know, have their best game against me, You know, have their best number against me. So I know like, You know what I mean? I still, I'm still hungry, You know what I mean? I'm still working.


I'm still the same dude each and every week preparing the right way fundamentally. And You know, making sure I keep on sharpening my toolbox. So You know this off season, I'm put the work in and get better at the end of the day. So you Guys have a great feeling Ahead. Speaking, speaking of speaking of off season, You know, I got LEAs with me too. Now Line them up. I can just let You know then I'm Bez, You Know I'm be, You know we can lock him up. I'm being AZ. Oh you oh you way in Arizona? Yeah, I'm being AZ man. Right. That's Man dudes man. Dude. Hey, hey Pat, man, you ain't seen last year Ocho tried to get off a dude, man. Dude shoved him under the sideline. People put both hands in his chest. Not what he didn't stab left or right, right, left.


Both that joke. DD yes. Breast plate. Hey listen, thought The man did this right here to him. He squeezed it. Said, oh man, get outta Here. Hey listen, what you gotta under you Pat you Pat you gotta understand now. I hadn't done nothing tell that like that manm 12 years. The man asked you, did that happen? Nah, that ain't happen. This man. You said he lying. Yes, I got. Hey listen, you Don't have a chance man. Come again. Don't a chance. Whoa, whoa. Come again and press place. Say that one more time. You Won't have a chance. What? We Bron, Bronco country. Alright, stand up.


That's what we do. Hey Pat, we're gonna get you here on this one. You guys made the playoff your first couple years, didn't have a whole lot of success this year. You seem to have found a quarterback in Bo Nicks who was a rookie, played extremely well. What are the expectations moving forward next year and beyond? Yeah, we got great expectations. I think this was just the start, You know what I mean? Of a long journey ahead. I mean, like you said Bo You know, we got a great young core, You know what I mean? And we also got some veterans as well too. So, You know, I'm looking forward to it, man. I feel like we ended the season on a good note, but not the note that we wanted to. 'cause obviously we was, You know, going into that playoff run looking for more.


But You know, it comes with it. But now since we know how to get there, it's all about sustaining, You know, and finishing the right way and getting to that next step. So I think that's the main goal, man, is just, You know, building the right pieces together. You know what I mean? I think with our team right now, I think we're going to bring everybody, everybody back together as we split. So I'm looking forward to it. I think we gonna even be more hungry just because, You know, we, we went to the playoffs, but not only that, we got a lot more left in the tank, so Yeah. Yeah. It's gonna be, I'm excited. You're not satisfied. You can, pat, pat has merch. You can copy his merch@offfieldshop.com off field shop.com to call Pat Soan II merchandise.


Check it out. What do you have? Beanies, hat, hoodies. What you got going on over there? Pat? Do shirts, hoodies, beanies, everything You need limited edition. There it is. You poor Limited edition Reigning Defensive player of the year. Bronco Country number two. Pastor Tan, the second Congratulations. Tell your pops I said what's up. Hopeful I all well with the family. Continue success bro. And you repre you repping Bronco country quite well, bro. Yes sir. Mile high, Luke. Y'all stay Alright bro. I holler. Let y'all Bro. Yep. Yo. Alright. Yeah, that well you feel what we got Ocho? Huh? Got that hold Before?


No, before he was a Bronco boy. He from the crib. Man, I ain't trying to hear all that. He, he's he from the crib. Ocho. Yes sir. This is how dominant he was against Seattle with those three headed monster, DK, Madcalf, Jackson, Smith and Jig book and, and Lockett. He gave up 39 yards. He gave up 16 yards to the Steelers, eight yards to the bucks, 22 yards to the Jets, 24 yards against the Raiders. Not a single yard against the, the, the, the Chargers. He was out the next week. He gave up five yards to the Panthers, 15 to the Ravens, 18 to the Chiefs, zero yards against the Falcons, 35 yards against the Raiders, 25 yards against the Browns.


They on a bi week, four yards to the coasts, 23 yards against the Chargers, 45 yards against Higgins and, and Chase. And then 27 yards to fight last game. So he, You know, You know, You know, 16 games Ocho, he gave up a little more than 200 yards. Yeah. And the, the funny thing about it is people will look at that and really not understanding how great that is. We not, we not talking about, we not talking about a cornerback that stays on one side of the field. We're about a quarterback that travels. You know, there, there have been very few that actually travel Prime Derel Revis, I think Champ Bailey during, You know, during his time Champ Champ Rod Wilson did it. Yeah. I don't think people understand how difficult that is being able to play a team's Number one receiver each and every week having to change your style of play based on who you're playing as well.


You know, man, Add ocho ocho on. You have to change according to what side of the field you are on. Oh yeah. Everything changes. People Don't understand that. Yeah. It's the same thing. Just like, hey, on a upfield stance, you on the left, you on the right as a receiver. Hey the ball is, hey it is funny man. Yeah. You got a dominant eye. Yeah, you got a dominant eye. But it becomes, man he had an unbelievable season Ocho, he had an unbelievable season. Very good. Travis Kel plans to play next season. Kelsey Tex, pat McAfee, I'm coming back for sure. Gonna try to get back to the best shape I've ever been this off season and get back to the mountaintop. Got a real bad taste in my mouth with how I played in the last game and how I got, got how I got the guys ready for battle and I can't go out like that.


I told y'all, I said it wouldn't have happened. He was coming back simply for the fact, the way it ended. Yeah. No one is ending their career like that. You know, especially a great one like Trab who's considered who most consider in including yourself, You know, the greatest tight end of of all time. Yeah. If I'm gonna finish it, I wanna finish it the right way. Yeah. I'm not finishing it with that taste of my mouth. Yeah. That's not happening. Ain't happen. Yeah. For me ain't It's, if it's hearing Gronk and You know, people, some people will say Gronk, some people gonna say Kelsey. Yeah. But if you look at the consistency and the longevity in which he's played with and with the exception of the last game, that's really the only game that you can say, well, Trav didn't have it. Trav didn't come to play, right? He had the sec, he had the, the most catches in playoff history.


He has the second most yards, the second most touchdowns and the consistency year in and year out the thousand yards receiving, leading this team in receptions. You know, for me, that's it for me. But hey, if you, you say, if you say Grant, you got a very compelling argument as well. Ocho earlier today, Travis Hunter spoke about playing both positions in the NFL. Sir, let's take a listen to what Trav had to say. They say everybody, nobody has ever done it for real the way I do it. But I tell 'em that I'm just different. I'm a different person. I like it. I do too. I love the confidence, huh? Yeah. You know, you and I played, we, we have experience. You and I played at the highest level. We've done it at the highest level consistently year in and year out.


You know, despite the accolades, You know, the, the resume, the hall of Fame, the rings, the all pros, all that. And the one thing that You know you need when you play the game of football confidence to be great is you need confidence. You need to be able to believe in yourself. Now, whether we feel it's possible to do the fact that he believes he can do it, that alone can be enough. Will it be enough? Now you understand how how much playing both Sides of the he ain't ain't playing no hundred snaps a game for 17 games. That ain't happening. Okay? Yeah. Yeah. I imagine. I don't, I don't think he realize how many a hundred snaps is in the NFL college and people don't realize, oh, there's a difference between college.


I mean that receiver, the Stanford receiver that put 200 on him, I don't even know if that guy's in the league and if he is, he ain't playing a whole lot. Now you got Jetta one week, you got Chase one week you got Cortland Sutton one week you got AJ Devonte, you got cd, Tyreek Waddle. Now you got them week after week after week after week. Now you going up against, you got PF two, you got Denzel Ward, you got Stingley, you got Jalen Ramsey. Really? Really? Oh, you Listen. Oh, and, and listen as crazy as May as, as crazy as it may sound, the one thing you need to have, not only confidence, but the belief that you can do something that's never been done before.


Hell, he might shock the world. He might shock you. He might shock me. But if it, if it, if it is, if there's one person, if there's one person that might be able to do it based on hi his conditioning, You know, his m his, his small experience and being, playing both sides of the ball. I mean, there might be a wake up call once he gets to the NFL and realize, okay, maybe I, maybe Everybody has that wake up call off A little more than I could chew. We we gonna see though, Because the thing, the, the thing is I think he, me personally, I think he's better at DB than receiver because I think he's a little rough around the edges at the receiver. And I think a lot of what he does is athleticism.


Yeah. And You know this, if if boy they hunt on that defensive side, they look for any weakness. Yeah. You tip any route they on your ass. And Babe Ocho hey, if you lean the slightest. Yeah. They ain't gonna say nothing. You're likem damn. How You know I was running this? You tipping them off. Oh, they watching. Hey, why you think them guys be making play? You like damn, that's great film study. Yeah it is great film study. Yeah. But also if the slightest the slightest hint you about to come break. Slightest hint you about to stop. Man they all on that.


Yeah. Them guys feet so good. They didn't feet ain good. They feet great. And you get the best of the best. Yeah. Every, every week. Because You know what Ocho you the Number one you the, you the Number one. You the first of all you the number. You gonna be a high draft pick. Yeah. You know what receivers wanna do to the high draft pick. Okay. You on the offense side of football. What you think them DBS looking to do? Because they know if they lock you up and get a pick or they press you, they gonna get on Sports Center. Oh yeah. I'm gonna make a name for myself against you. Yeah. What did Pat say? Hey, I know guys gonna come and try to get catches on me. I know they're gonna try to do to me what you think they're gonna try to do to a rookie DB wide receiver? Right.


They try to have him in jail. Hey you gotta be on, you have to be on your best behavior every single game. Because what I tell people Ocho and You know this, you look at a guy you like, ah man, he ain't all pro. He don't go to no Pro Bowls. Everybody in that league has the ability to make everybody else in that league look foolish y Every time. If you just think, oh, only JJ TJ Wat can get a sack on me or only Miles Garrett, boy they got a guy there. You ain't never heard a scene before that joke behind you before You know it and you thought, oh man, that ain't nobody man, I'm finna and the dude got you over there with the water cooler.


You cannot underestimate anybody right at that level because at some point in time on show in their career, they was an all conference, they was an all this, they were all All State, they were all something. Yeah. You don't make it to that level by accident. You don't No, not not at all. Not at all. I mean, You know, You know it's funny, it's sometimes we look at, we look at the product, You know, even though I'm, I'm, I'm, You know, I ain't finna talk about nobody because look at the product that was out there Super Bowl Sunday. Yeah. Make, make you think twice about what you just said. Sometimes. Especially that o Lion boy, Hey, oh Joe, now a lot of Mark drafts have him go into the Jags now Brian Thomas juniors one, could he slide in be two three?


Ooh, I like that boy. I like that. And honestly he wouldn't, that'd be two ones honestly if you think about it. Nah, ain't those two ones Brian Thomas Jr. A different Brian Thomas Jr. Said, I'm not so sure Brian Thomas Jr. Ain't the top 10 receiver right now. You don don't, I ain't talking about till next year. I ain't gonna wait till next year. Old show top 10 Right now. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. Of that's, I i with that what I'm saying, I'm, I'm saying Hunter just from an athletic standpoint and what he can do with the ball in his hands. I don't think he would be a one. You said a one in a two. I'm thinking them two ones. That's what I meant. No, I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to pay you. I'ma have, I gotta see it at that level. Okay. Okay, okay, okay. I got you. I got you. I got, We seen, I we've seen a lot of ones in college.


Ain't be no, ain't gonna be no, ain't ain't no ones when they get to the NFL. Okay. Got and I've seen Bryant, it's kind of like what you see guys now Ocho a lot of teams say they shyed away from taking college kids. Everybody looking to grab somebody out of the portal. Right. Because that's why Ocho I've seen him do it at the college level. I don't have to speculate on what he can do. I already seen him do it. Right. And a lot of teams ocho they're doing away with spring ball because they don't want nobody else to see him. Oh, guys are taking a clip, send 'em out. Hey what y'all, what y'all, what y'all got for your boy? So teams are doing not having spring practices OCHO because they're so worried about other team pillaging their players. Yeah.


Hey man, I got 500,000 for you. Alright, deuces, We out, Man. Oh hey you, you done Oregon State, you done did that thing. And then heck come Oregon say Ocho we got 650,000 for you sh Grandma, grandma ma ain't no more potty me. Ain't no more pot and sausage your mama. Yeah man. Right, right away. 6, 9 50. Listen, that mean that that tell you there, I wouldn't have had to do what I was doing back then. You know, and, and You know, man, but that's, that's a whole nother story, bro. Yeah. It's like I said, I, I'm anxious to see, like I said, and I've said this from day one, I feel he's a better corner than a wide receiver.


Right. Because I think he's a little unpolished in that area. Right. And it's hard to get polished in one area when you're working on something else. Right. Because normally guys that get good at something don't you, what do they do? That's something you good at something, right? You know a guy orthopedics, they're good at Dr. Neil tro. Dr. James Andrew. Yeah. They're good at what they do. They're not trying to do neurosurgery, they're not trying to do anesthesiology, they're not trying to, You know, kid, they trauma surgeons. Right. The orthopedics, right. You get good at doing something, it's boring, but it's a lot of repetition. Right. How do you get good at being a great wide receiver and a great DB at that level?


Now he was sensationally college, but we are talking about to the next, we're talking about the crim de la creme. That's, that's my thing. How did he put, how did he put that kind of time in Right? To really to really get, to really hone and focus the skill sets. Okay, I'm gonna be taught this and I'm gonna be taught that. Do I believe he had Dion not play DB and says, I'm gonna devote all my time to play Wide receiver. Wide receiver. I believe time could have been made to the Hall of Fame as a wide receiver. He had that accountability. Yeah, He had that accountability. Like I said, people don't realize just how good he was. I mean people, You know, lock at, look at the brashness and they look at all the chains and the nah, the flashy stuff.


But you had to see it. You gotta see the person. I ain't talking about no goddamn YouTube either. Nah, Nah, you gotta see about, I'm talking about this person. You gotta me on the field. Yeah. I saw him in this absolute prime. I saw the defensive player of the year Prime. I saw Prime Cowboy Prime. Yeah. Atlanta Prime. I saw that guy. 49 49 of Prime. Yes. Yes. 94. We played him when he wasn't defensive player of the year when he had, when he first went to the 49 ERs. Yeah. He saw him. Yes. Different. Absolutely. He he he was that he absolutely was. So I, I'm root for Trav. I I I think he's one of the top two or three players in all the draft.


Now whether or not that equates to him going Number one overall. Right. You keep hearing about the, the the kid out of, I keep saying kid, but the young man out of Penn State. Abdul Carter. Yeah. Abdul Carter. Yeah. But he has a stress fracture in his foot. Doctors I read today, doctors are advising him not to have the surgery. There's No need. He Did you see the season he just had? Did you see the season he just had? Yes. With the stress fracture that they say is in his foot. Man, come on there.


When it's tip off time at my house, there are a few things that are must haves on my checklist. My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey check. An iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its game changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. And just like the banners in my stadium, letting people know that we take championships seriously. Having hypnotic at my watch parties lets people know that I also take quality seriously since it's crafted with high quality ingredients for a championship level drinking experience. So the next time you need a break from the action with a distinctive timeout, look no further. Grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic. Where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky. 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely. Drink wisely.


Wasn't that delicious? So


good. Your bill ladies. I got it. I got it. No, I got it. I got it. Seriously insist I sist first. The first Don't be silly. Don't be silly. You don be silly. You Don't be silly people with the Wells Fargo active cash credit card prefer to pay because they earn unlimited 2% cash back on purchases. Okay, rock paper scissors for it. Rock paper, scissors. Shoot. No. The Wells Fargo active cash credit card. Visit Wells Fargo dot com slash active cash terms apply


These days. It feel like everyone is talking about how the American dream of owning a home is dying. That so many hardworking Americans have been locked out of home ownership. And if you are one of the millions yearning to own, your home Rocket is here to give you back the keys. They're working to lower down payments to lift us up. Give first time buyers a head start on their starter homes and fighting for homes for those who fought and served so we can have ours. The American dream isn't dying, it's just been out of reach. Everyone in this country deserves to own a piece of it and Rocket isn't going to stop until everyone can Own the dream. Visit Rocket dot com today or call 800 for Rocket. That's 800 for Rocket


Living a healthy life looks different for everyone and Symbio Attica is here to support your journey. Their products are free from seed oils, preservatives, toxins and artificial additives designed to compliment your lifestyle plus their liposomal vitamin C packets. Use cutting edge technology for better absorption and results. Go to symbiotica.com and use code iHeart at checkout for 20% off plus free shipping. That's symbiotica.com and use code iHeart at checkout for 20% off plus free shipping.


They said dogs have advised Abdul Carter against foot surgery according to his agent Drew Rosenau Carter a potential first overall draft pick in the NFL has a stress reaction in his right foot and were put and was facing the possibility of surgery after Tess revealed the injury on Wednesday. But after undergoing further scans on his foot, Carter will work out Penn State Pro Day on March 28th. Rosenhaus says he now considers the stress reaction a non-factor to Carter's draft status. Ocho. Yeah. Remember you see what happens? He goes to the doc, he goes somewhere. Yeah. And what did they do? They give him the test and you got it. Boom, boom. Remember we was having this conversation about the guy from the Hornet, the Hornets.


Yeah. He goes to other doctors But as good as that dude Carter is, guess what's gonna happen? He's still gonna be in that top three. Oh yeah, for sure. Still gonna be in that top, top four. You know, Elcho, if you got a quarterback, I need to go. I need to have somebody can go get the quarterback. I need somebody to hunt his ass down. So I need somebody to disrupt everything going on. Yes. And he's that Al Davis famous quote, water back must go down and he must go down hard and it needs to happen. It needs to happen in the first couple possessions. Right? That's what, Hey, go back and look at the way the Raiders used to play back in the seventies and the eighties when it was really, it was no hold Barr, you can't play like that now Ocho.


Nah, but the quarterback must must he must go down hard, right? Because he's the head of the snake. Whatever I say kill the head the ass down later. Everything. He controls everything. So you got to, you got to. And if the quarterback is the most po important position, no Joe, I got to have somebody go track and down. I need that bounty Hunter. Oh yeah, I, Oh definitely. Hey, what was, what was that movie with Tommy Lee Jones? When he, he, he was tracking people down. He, Wesley Snipes. What was that movie? Tommy Lee? Yeah, Tommy Lee Jones. What's Marshall? US Marshall US Marshall. Remember that?


I ain't seen that in a minute. You gotta have a bounty Hunter. Yeah. And that's what Miles Garrett, that's what TJ Watt. That's what an Abdul Carter. That's what of Michael Parsons. That's what a sweat, that's what those guys, Nolan Smith ii Right. That's what those guys are. I got to go get you. I got to go get you. I can't let, I can't let you have a clean pocket. I need to, I need to create chaos in your life. Yeah. Young young bull. Nice though. Young bull. Real nice. Oh yeah. Regardless, regardless, regardless What hurt her shoulder and he was giving him, hell yeah, he was giving Notre Dame hell with one shoulder. He aint one mood. And that can barely stop that one move. I can imagine when he if if he's healthy now.


Oh Lord. And he, he, he had a, he had a nice little package to, to Yeah. You know, to his game. Look, he gonna be nice. You look at it how he's built. He's really angular. So that lets me know he can transfer, feed the power. He got a rip. He can over arm, he can just straight up Bull you, He can straight, he can get around the edge and dip. That's what all the, all the rushes, you gotta be able to bend the corner. Tenure B, he's a Hey, he's not that big. He's a little underside. I I call it under side. Yeah. I call it underside. Probably probably weigh 2 35. I I would assume, don't You? Yeah. So, so he a little underside. He's he more like a Von Miller, Michael Parsons. Yes, yes, yes. Yeah. Now Michael got quick. I think Michael probably like 2, 2 50 now.


Yeah, very. I think Michael probably two 50 but earlier, but earlier on. Yeah. Yeah. Those guys, the, the dts, the guys that be able to bend, I mean they could be parallel to the ground, ground turning that corner and guys trying to punch and they under the punch. Yeah. That's special. He's special now. Oh yeah. For For sure. It's the reason he is, listen, it's the reason he wore that 11 at Penn State name. Oh yeah. Well that, that, that number was made famous by Michael Ward and what's the other guy name? Lamar. Lamar Arrington. Yeah. Oh, you remember, Hey Lamar, remember Lamar's famous play where he jumped over the arm, jumped Over the line?


Yeah. The Superman played and because You know Var Barr was two, Courtney Brown was one. Courtney Brown went to Cleveland. LaVar went to Washington. Yeah. So Courtney Brown Ocho the Eagles are reportedly a real threat to go after Miles. Garrett, they expect Josh sweat to move on. Joshua Sweat is not the only one that's be moving on. Mike, I think it's Michael. Mikel Williams. Williams the other D Tackle. He gonna be gone too. He'll be gone too. Oh Hey. Oh hey listen, I, I saw, I saw the reports today. The Browns are willing to negotiate with Miles, Garrett.


I don't want, guess what? My new team gonna negotiate too. Hey? And he said no. Yeah, he said no. And I'm sure they're probably gonna stand firm unless they get an offer that they can't refuse. And I think that's what the Eagles will have to do in order to get Miles Garrett over there. Listen, with with Howie. With Howie and, and, and, and I Don't put a pass him, I don't put nothing past him based on the way things have been going. You might, you, you miss a few pieces, but you add someone like Miles Garrett to that defense man, You know the Commander Jaylen, you already got Jalen Carter Commander. Commander is gonna be in play too. Man. Miles Garrett is unwilling to negotiate a contract extension with the organization as his agents have apparently slammed the door shut on any discussions per Mary Kay Cabot.


Yeah. Listen, when Mary Kay Cabot speaks about the Browns. Yeah. Listen, when Diana Rossini, when she speaks about the Jets, right? When Jane Slater speaks about the Cowboys. I hope you listening. Yeah. I hope you're listening. When those young, when those women speak about an issue about set teams, they're plugged in. Yeah. I'm, I'm I'm talking about plugged in like a hot comb. You know what I'm saying? Don't. Oh yeah. Most, most definitely. Garrett remains firm. He no longer wants to be in Cleveland. Look, 29-year-old defensive player of the year, 29-year-old guys that have four consecutive 14 sack seasons.


Those guys don't grow on trees. And lemme ask you this, do you think there's a guy in the draft that can give you that kind of production over the next five years? Okay. So it doesn't matter where you are. I trade him now if I'm, if I'm a defense, You know, if I need some something to shore up my defense, we good offensively we can get better defensively. And if that means, You know, we trade a couple of first round draft pick, you're probably gonna have to throw in a talent, a young player ocho, you're probably gonna have to do that, right? Yeah. The commander definitely. You're probably gonna have to do that. But at that point in time, look, I don't care nothing about them picks because I believe OCHO we're gonna be picking 30th 31st or 32nd anyway.


'cause we gonna be in the championship game or the Super Bowl. That's what I believe. One the other, I know for certain I'm not getting a miles Garrett with the 30th, the 31st and the 32nd pick. I could, I could, but the likelihood isn't that good. Normally those guys, your Derrick Thomas', your Bruce Smith and so forth and so on like that, those guys, every once in a while you'll find a Johnny Randall that was an undrafted free agent. Oh yeah. But that doesn't happen often. Right? You'll find a diamond in the rough, you'll find a Terrell Davis or Shannon Sharp or Tom Brady in the later rounds. But more listen, don't you stake your career on trying to find diamonds in the rough Oh No. That that Ain't work.


You go belly up. You go belly up. But look, it all depends on Cleveland. What's your asking price? We know this ocho it's gonna take two ones. Now you're gonna, if it's this draft, you are gonna have to pick swap. So you have to a, you have to give up your pick because they keeping theirs. You have to give up this first year pick and next year's first round pick probably a second and a fourth. Right? Or second and a third And probably a player. Felix, like, we ain't got no problem Felix say look, we picking 32nd.


Guess what? We hoping to be picking 32nd next year. And y'all could have it. Y'all gonna have them pick. Yep. Most definitely. Long, long as we getting the results. Long as we get Miles, Garrett, That's That. I mean what, what Jaylen her in year six. You got Devonte in year, in year five, you got aj. Yo man, bro, I'm not worried about that. We gonna be good. Yeah. I'm not even, I'm not even, I'm not even concerned about those draft picks knowing where we are, what we have, who we are. Take them, Take them. You can't, you can't have Jalen Carter. You can't have Mikel, Kenya mha, you can't have Mitchell.


Excuse me, Ken. Yeah, Ken Mitchell. You can't have him. Everything else Ocho is in play. Is is on the table, huh? Yeah. Yeah. For Miles, Gary. Yeah, You just said put Miles Garrett with Jalen Carter And Jordan Davis. Boy, Man Slap me, slapped me and slapped me and called me silly. And, and and you got the Nolan Smith Jr. Yeah. Yo, hey young fella. Only two 30, but he Hey He can go there.


What We here? Hey, I, I heard, I saw him dropping offensive lineman. Yeah. At two 30 he hitting three 30 guys. Three 30. I know they talking about it felt like trees falling on the head. Ocho I'm talking about he in the grill. I'm talking about hey, he putting his helmet under they, they chin, I'm bucking him sir, at two 30, so Oh yeah. But Miles for an opportunity to get miles. Garrett, guys like this Ocho don't become available at the age of 29.


Yeah. Normally they have issues off the field. Issues. They're coming off multiple injuries. Injuries. Yeah. He's uninjured, he's clean off the field. Yeah. That's the kind of guy that you're willing, that's the guy that's not no rolling in the dice. But that's the guy that you says, okay, we'll give up two first rounds. We'll give up a second, we'll give up a third. And a young talented player to get a guy like that. Yeah, absolutely. Lemme grab a water. Lemme grab a water, Huh? Go ahead. But Cleveland's gonna try everything Chad, to try to keep, keep Miles, Garrett, they think it's about money Miles. Garrett's like, bro, y'all just gave me a 1 25. I'm straight on the money issue. The problem is here it is not the money, it's the Winnie, I got money, I'm getting money, but I'm miserable.


Week five, we outta playoff contentions, we got no hope, we got no quarterback and I don't really wanna waste another one a year or two to try to, to build this thing back up. He's made it abundantly clear. He don't wanna be a part of a rebuilding process. He wants to go somewhere that gives him a legitimate chance in order to win a championship. 'cause that's what it's about. He's been an all pro, he's been defensive player of the year now he is like, man, let me get, let me, let me, let me get, let me go play meaningful ball games. There's nothing like playing meaningful ball games in December and January with a chance to play in February. So it's not the money. I mean, yeah, they're going, they would be willing to make him the highest paid, but he gonna be miserable because they're not gonna win.


Yeah. And you, you would, you would think for all he's done so far in Cleveland, he done everything he can. They know the team knows the, the organization knows it's in a rebuilding stage. Why would you keep a player like that? Why would you go keep a player like that knowing that he can do you no justice in competing for a championship. Allow him to go while you rebuild and do your thing. Get some assets and picks for him and start over. I agree. I we say that now Ocho because we don't, we, hey, if we the G in Cleveland, we ain't trying to let him go either. Oh Yeah, yeah. You right, you right That me, me and you, me and you saying that, that that's not I, that's not the biggest piece of the puzzle that we got that we can train.


Right. And no, hey come on Miles. Hey bro, we gonna make you the highest paid. We got 35 million per year. We are willing to give you five years, $175 million because that's what we feel you're worth. And we're willing to gu we willing to fully guarantee a a a hundred million of that. Nah, I think I'm gonna have to go on mosey on out the door because guess what? Somebody else will gimme that too. And we got a chance to win. Yep. Which is much better 'cause I done got enough money. Well you can't ever have enough money. Oh yeah, I know what you mean. There's no such thing as enough. But I'm doing pretty well for myself.


You like to be doing better. I mean if Elon Musk worth 450 billion and he tried to still try to get contracts, federal government contracts. Yeah, me and you, we ain't got no billions. Right. So we definitely, we definitely trying to make ends meet you right By That. But yeah, miles, I understand once you gonna only stomach so much and You know but money, money, money, money. Okay. When I got money and then here I am, I'm going out there. What I put my body through to get ready to make sure I go, who is that? Not quite, who is that Whatcha looking at? Oh, I'm looking at this, this chat we trying to get, trying to get tank plugged in.


Are we good to go Ash yet? Oh, okay. It's easy to say Ocho money, money, money. But when you competitive and you see everybody else getting an opportunity to play meaningful football, right. You see everybody else playing in a FC and NFC championship game, they playing in Super Bowl and here I am, I'm one of the premier players. I don't know what else he can do. And we don't have no chance. We we got no chance whatsoever of playing meaningful games in December. We're not playing anything meaningful in January. My see damn near in week 10. I'm already thinking about what I'm gonna do in the off season though, Chuck season over. So With that being said, I un I understand Miles's frustration.


He's had it up to here, wherever, here he is, his 6 4, 6 5 self. He just wants to move on and have an opportunity to play meaningful football in December and January. And I'm not so sure Cleveland can provide that over the next two years. And he says, I wanna be somewhere where I can compete for a championship and I don't believe that's in Cleveland. Yeah. Let the man go on by this business baby. We still waiting. He come, he come on, write that down. He can come on down the street, You know, to Cincinnati if you want to The Volume When it's tip off time at my house. There are a few things that are must-haves on my checklist.


My fellow friends and fans check my favorite jersey. It is Good luck. Check an iconic drink that's a fan favorite check. Hypnotic can turn any cocktail into an iconic creation with its changing color and tropical flavor. Hypnotic should be in everyone's starting five. I consider hypnotic the point guard of my game day roster because not only is it versatile like having it on the rocks or as a base for cocktails, it also finishes smooth. So grab a bottle of hypnotic and make your next basketball watch party. Iconic. Enjoy the vibrant taste with friends and turn every game into a memorable celebration hypnotic, where every sip is a slam dunk. Hypnotic, LaCour, Bardstown, Kentucky, 17% alcohol by volume hypnotic reminds you to think wisely.


Drink wisely.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Are you still quoting 30 year old movies? Have you said Cool beans in the past 90 days? Do you think Discover isn't widely accepted? If this sounds like you, you're stuck in the past. Discover is accepted at 99% of places that take credit cards nationwide. And every time you make a purchase with your card, you automatically earn cash back. Welcome to the Now it Pays to Discover. Learn more at discover.com/credit card. Based on the February 20, 24 Nielsen Report.


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you and with a yoga PC from Lenovo, your tools finally, finally, keep up. Stunning, smart and sustainably sourced yoga PC from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga. Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.