
Small business owners. This one's for you, chase for business, and iHeart. Bring you a podcast series called The Unshakeable. This one of a kind series will shine the spotlight on small business owners like you who faced a do or die moment that ultimately made their business what it is today. Learn more at chase.com/business/podcast. Chase. Make more of what's yours. Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA Member FDIC, copyright 2024. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits You may have already completed Up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot


edu. Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot


com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video makes the catch touchdown. This week, the Denver Broncos visit the Los Angeles Chargers in a game with big playoff implications. This is unbelievable. Coverage begins with TNF tonight, not a prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Broncos and Chargers Thursday only on prime video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


State Farm and DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. In my family, one of the biggest points of contention was finances. And I know as I gotten older, I made it a promise to myself to say, I don't wanna relive that. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me, that was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then get my first apartment, then eventually buy my own home. Like these are all things that are possible for Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura Podcast Network. The Volume,


The Emirates NBA cup is here. You can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday. Playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draftking Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet. If your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Coach O Michael Vick seems to be the next NFL player, former NFL player ready to make the jump into coaching. He's in discussion with both Norfolk State and Sacramento State to take over their head football coach. The biggest potential issue with Vic is that he has no head coaching experience or coaching experience at all. At any level. No college, no pro, no high school coaching of the two jobs. Norfolk would give Vic the most time to find his sea legs, but like, but likely likes the resources to build a true perennial contender. Sacramento State, on the other hand, has a proven history of recent success and the resources to surround Vic with experienced coaches who can help him learn the ropes faster, but also have significant more to lose if things goes poorly.


I like, listen, I like the opportunity that's presented itself, especially the Norfolk job, despite not having the resources. You know, that is where Vic is from. I think from a recruiting standpoint, players, young players wanted to go play play for Vic, despite him had not having the experience. I'm sure he would have, you know, a a staff people around him that that would be able to guide him into, to finding the right ways to go about doing his job, even though he had no exper experience in it. There was one point you and I I didn't have experience in dating, so how did I, how did I learn? I had to get my feet wet. I had to go out there and date. You know, how do you learn to coach? You go out there and you do just that, you know, and you get better at the craft and studying in, in, in a heeding to it and finding ways and studying others and understanding, talking conversations.


Listen, you played in the NFL for years. You can make phone calls. You have the resources, you know, coaches, the head coaches you've played for, that you can confide in, that can help you in that journey if you decide to embark upon just that. I think both opportunities are awesome for Vic. If it's something that he loves to do in order to coach Huh? You gotta have a passion for that shit, Yo. For sure. You Gotta you gotta really have a passion and love for that. For one, uprooting your family, you know, invite Vic out there with me in Miami. Yep. You know, and having to commute to the west coast, you know, to be on Fox all the time, you know, maybe now he can find some love and some and some consistency in being in one place, you know?


Yeah. Instead of having to travel back and forth. And if that love and that passion for coaching is there, I'm all for it. And I love it. I love the opportunity for him because Michael Vick loves some goddamn football. He loves it. You know, the knowledge that he has to pass on to the younger generation that can still relate to him because he is not that far removed from the game is dope. It's really, it's really dope. Yeah. I don't love it that much. I love watching football. I damn sure don't love coaching football. Ain't no patience. Me, me and you on the same page. It ain't about me having the patience. It's the fact that my body is still willing and able. And if you put me in any environment when it comes time to competing or challenging each other in anything competitive, Your mind is able, My dumb ass gonna be in the way.


Your your, your mind is able, your body ain't able. Oh yeah. Listen. Even if my body ain't able, who you think gonna have on some goddamn clea in the helmet and shoulder pads out there trying to show 'em how to do it? Yeah. You show them how to do it. Say, Hey, this is what you do. Hey, hey, I'd be all in the way. You, you can't, you can't. This is what I, I can't coach at any level. I just can't. 'cause I'm gonna be in the way. 'cause the problem is, is I think I could still do it. My mind is telling me what to do. My mind knows what to do. Now. I'm not sure if my body's going to register or my mind is telling me to do what I used to do back in oh five and oh six and oh seven. Hey, I feel like I can, and as far as I'm concerned, I can still do it and I still look the same.


Hell, I think I can still play today. You do mad and you got beat at that yesterday. Oh, Joe Travis Hunter fights back, tells people to mind their own business. His fiance released a eight minute long video addressing everything. Fight back, fight back. Hey, listen. Oh, Joe, Can, can I say something before you go off? Can I say something? We're in the era of social media. We we're in, we're in an era of the internet. And what happens is, if you don't put anything online when it comes to relationship or the person you're dealing with, then you don't have to worry about anything.


But the minute it touches online, then everyone is, is welcome and is allowed to have an opinion on, say, a topic, whatever that may be. And that I includes Travis Hunter, his fiance, everything he has going on. Some of the things that we see online, you know, I mean, I, I don't don't really care to chime in about it, but everyone else does because now you've put us in your business. Small example myself, you know, I'm one who doesn't care and always been in that media, you know, so it, I'm one that, that, that overshare when things are going good. So I'm also one, when things are going bad, I'm going to continue to overshare because I don't want you to think like, oh, I'm only gonna show you the good when things are going fucking beautiful and all of a sudden when things are bad, I go into hiding.


No. If I live publicly when things are good, I'm gonna live publicly when things are bad. So that's something I'm used to. But as far as Travis' concerned and his fiance, you're young and the best way to go about things. If you don't like the, the people in your, in your, in your, in your, your personal business, then you just gotta, you gotta be offline. You gotta keep your relationship offline. You know, if, if, if that makes sense. I don't like cocho, you know, I've been supportive. Yeah. But she should never trend in front of Travis, why you trending. We know you because of Travis. You're never gonna wait. Say it again. We know her because of Travis. Okay. Okay. She's not, she's not, we knew Giselle before Tom, because she was Giselle.


Okay. She's not a standalone. She's a stand beside. Beyonce is a standalone. We knew Beyonce before we ever, before her and Jay ever got together. Hey, can I, can I hold on before you keep going. Hey, can I use that in I in my next argument? Can I use that, huh? Yeah. Yeah. I, Bro, you have to understand. And she's like, these women, these, these, they're Adidas. Do you understand how this work? And I'm, I'm, you know, because like I said, I I, I don't know the one and I'm, I'm, I'm on her side and I wanted to win at the end of the day. And if, and if, if, if Travis happy some things, guys, how many of y'all listen to what the internet saying?


None of you. But y'all expect this man to listen. Y y'all expect this man to take y'all advice, right? On his relationship. When, who advice do you take, who advice have you ever taken That being said, young lady like Adidas, when these people come around, there're gonna be times you're gonna have to sign foot. He's gonna have to sign footballs, he's gonna have to sign helmets, he's gonna have to sign jerseys. He's gonna have to do me, he's gonna have to take pictures. You know how I know? Because when I go to sponsors, I have to sign footballs. I have to sign helmets, I have to sign photos, I have to sign jerseys. That's a part of it.


He understands that you about to come into a situation. You gonna be, have more money at your disposable than you even dreamed of. And why is that? That's a part of it. And for you to say, when he's taking, when he's taking those, talking about how long do I have to stay here all day? You should graciously and willingly stay there a month if that's what it requires. And for you to talk about. Well, the reason why I, I left him on re and for my inbox. Well, you know, he's younger than me and he cheated. You see, now you threw that man on the bus. We didn't need to know that. We did not need to know that.


Why you put that man in business in the street? Are you perfect? That's, I, look, I don't, I don't like the part of oversharing in a relationship because it was unnecessary why you and Travis got together. Did you have to say he wasn't my type. That was for nobody to know. You don't have to share everything. People you don't. And now you, and and it makes me, it's none of my business, but it makes you, it makes you, it paints you in a bad light. Oh, he wasn't your type, but now he is my type. Well, it seems like your type might be George Washington.


Ben Franklin, you listen, says Grant. It might be some of those type, you know what I'm saying? Ocho? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You young lady, you don't have to share. That's you and Travis' relationship. Guys, I don't know what y'all want Ocho and I to do. Ocho has met tra Travis once I've met him once. He has the best mentor that he could possibly have. And that's one prime the best. He has the best guys. We're just like, you we're on the internet. He's not gonna listen to us. Sometimes you have to, something has to happen to you. You have to see it for yourself.


Somebody can't tell you about it, don't you? If somebody you didn't know offered you advice on finances, everybody on the chat. Who y'all, y'all listening to him. If somebody that y'all didn't know, tell y'all what y'all should do with y'all money, say, Hey, gimme your money. Listen. No, you're not. So you, he looks at you guys and I'm sure he appreciates your support, but he's not gonna take your advice when it comes to his dating or who he's gonna be with. I just have a problem with her sharing. I have a problem with her understanding. And Ocho she's young, she doesn't understand what comes along with it. But I'm trying to enlighten her as somebody that's been in that space, as somebody that understands it.


When you're dealing with sponsors and you're dealing with advertisers, you go into a room and they're footballs and they're helmets and there's jerseys and there's pictures and you're taking pictures, you understand, right. For the kind of money that they're gonna be paying him. I don't really think that's an awful lot to ask. I don't, now I could, I could be wrong. Ocho and some people might think, well, you know, hey, but I just don't think, I just don't think, ma'am, you need to have this because you were trending. Trav won the Heisman, you didn't win. No, you didn't win no award. We shouldn't have that. Having this conversation about you, y'all chose to be together. You're young. Travis is young.


Everybody knows that first love man. That first one tough man. That first. Yeah, that that first one Ocho, that first one. Tough And the best one. The best, the best, the best thing about it. And when it comes to that first one, you try to make it last as long as possible. Yeah. Because you, you, you think that's the one. You know? And, and I'm, I'm hoping it is. And I love it. I love what they're doing. I love that for Travis. I love that for her as well. Yes. I love, I love love in general. I love it. You know, I just say the, the issue is if you can, or understanding if you, if you have relationship online, it allows everybody in your personal business, I mean, and everybody, they have an opinion. Yep. If you, if you can't take that and you have to, you know, come out and say, well this is that, then you have to keep, you have to take it offline.


You know, If, if you look here, I'm just saying when you date publicly, that breakup's gonna be publicly and just like you old at Google. I love this man. I love it. Yeah. When you do all that publicly, guess what happens when it goes sideways, you see it when they date publicly. Now they saying this and I didn't do that. And you didn't pick the kids up and you was sleeping with this person and you was, you see all that play into it. You see what I did what I just told you before I started too. Huh? When things were good, you know, Hey, I'm, I'm you, you, you finna get exactly what it is when things are bad. Oh, you finna get that too. You finna get the good bad you ain't get nothing. I mean, I Like you speculating, man.


He like this. Oh, he like this. Oh shit. Yeah. Oh, he het date number this, oh, he don't date number that. Oh, he do this. Right. Right. Yeah. And, and nobody on and nobody wants to come see me. Nowhere with nobody. So I don't know how y'all know what I like. Oh, you told her. You Told I know what I, you know what I like. You said two 10, you all in. No, I like who hard. The top feet at the bottom. That's what I like. You know, I'm no trouble. That's what I'm looking for. Yeah, But, and look it, no bro, ain't no back padding. I'm just saying I don't agree with what she said. I agree with them to have a right to be together. That's their decision. She ain't got no gun to his head.


Nah. So I'm glad everybody ain't nobody else. Only you and I ocho better been in a situation where someone didn't approve of our relationship and we, and, and we, we we just walked away. Mm. He's not wired like that. Because if he, if I'd have listened to let people just, I wouldn't have became what I became because people didn't believe I I was gonna play in the NL. Right. They didn't believe I could go to college and, and, and get a degree. Never left Liberty. If, if you listen to other people when you are professional athlete, you are wired differently because there're gonna be a lot of times that people don't believe in you. They say they believe in you, but you know that they don't because everybody don't see your vision.


It wasn't revealed to them. And that's okay. The problem that I have is that she's revealing too much information. Travis is revealing too much information. You don't, you didn't need to tell that she got drunk and cried herself to sleep. That was unnecessary. We didn't need to know that. That's between you and her. Hey, That and that was romantic. I ain't, I ain't hear all that. Hey, that ain't no romantic ocho. It was, Hey, listen, think about this arm. Listen to listen to the words got drunk and cried herself to sleep. Now think about Lenny Williams. What did, what, what did Lenny Williams do? He Said he cried. So what, so what's a reoccurring theme? You see how you he cried Until he cried and watched TV till TV went off. Oh, Joe, you see how she has to cope?


Do you see how she has to cope with things? Right, right, Right. Alcohol, drugs, you see, is that a good thing? No, it's not. It's not Drugs and alcohol is not a coping mechanism. Right, right, Right. It leaves you down, it leaves you down a path that you don't want. Go on. Oh no. I know about, I know I ain't never been down that path, but I can agree with you when you're right, because I've heard the stories for those that cope in that manner. Now my coping, can I tell you, I can tell you about my days when I cried. Yes. My, my, my coping and how I cope. I cope with cigars. I cope with caffeine. You know, when things aren't going well for me, you know, when I was in the fetal position during my time, you know, I go to Starbucks, I go to the Cuban spot, you know, during my time, my coping mechanism, I game, I play, I play fifa, I play Madden.


Yes, I play Call of Duty, but my type of coping is a little bit different as opposed to those who consume alcohol, you know, and, and, and, you know, and pills and whatever it may be. Right. You know, my coping is just different. I just, it's, it's just think, hey, just think about the pain. Huh? Yeah. Just take it offline. I'm Talking about that, that that fetal position pain. Yeah. You Gotta tell me nothing. Every man has been through it. In, in, in some, and sometimes it changes men for the worst, for those that have been through that fetal position because they never see women the same. No. They, they never see women the same after that kind of hurt and that kind of pain. And I wish it on. No man, I wish it on No man. And everybody out here, you know, they walking around thinking they tough.


And now I'm, I'm so and so, and yeah. Okay. Well you will find the one that day we had you in that fetal position, boy. And when she do well, may God be with you. Yes. But Ocho no Joke. Yes sir. Everybody, people make it seem like, oh, she, so what about the people that you thought was going to be together for 10, 15 years and they don't make it Then what do you say? Y'all make it seem like it's a guarantee that if everything is perfect today, it'll be that way. Tomorrow it'll be that way. Five years from tomorrow or 10 years from tomorrow, then what? Look how you do with how you do. I I, I'm a very private person.


I don't reveal as much as, as, as, as I don't reveal a whole lot. If, you know, as I to, I used to reveal my dogs and, and, and show different things. I said, let me shut this down. Lemme shut this down. Yeah. And it's okay. I never, I never revealed a partner. They speculate. But anyway, I mean, the only one time, I think that was in 2012, we went to the, the first honors was in Indie. And I got picture of that. Who, who is with, who is with. But I'm okay with. I'm, I'm, I'm okay. Which y'all not being in my business. I don't want nobody, I don't want nobody talking to my kids. I just recently started posting my kids. I'm like, Hey y'all, you okay with it?


For the longest, I never posted them. Right. Then we grown. We good. My son, I've never po I've never posted my grandson. That's not my job. That's their, that's his parents' job. If they wanna post, they can post it. I don't do that. My other daughter, a she, they a Yeah, you can post. Hey, you good. I just, I, I, I, I just, I just like to, I don't like people in my business. I don't like people speculating because they see one thing and even if they see one thing, they'll believe something else. Yeah. So I just like to keep people outta my business. And Travis, if I could give you any advice, not that you have to take it, because like I said, I believe you have one of the great mentors of mentorship is that, bro, keep it offline.


Yeah. Or Keep your, keep your dating, keep your dating life offline. Now if you wanna post you working out or stuff like that, have at it. But man, them relationships because Yeah. Everybody's Dr. Ruth, everybody's Dr. Phil. Everybody's Dr. Lawrence Schlesinger. And it's just not gonna end well. And, and then, and then what makes it worse Ocho that he is listening to the comments. Mm. He's reading the comments. She's reading the comments. She's listening to what's said. Hey. Huh? Yes. You just not, you gotta have that. I don't give a fuck. You got to. I, I, I've, I've had that.


I don't give a fuck very, very long time. I don't give a fuck what y'all say I'm gonna do, what the fuck I wanna do anyway. You know, when things go good, I'm happy. When things go bad, I'm happy it's gonna be in the public. I don't give a fuck what you say. I'm gonna still do what the hell I want to do, blah, blah, blah. Nothing gonna change. I've always been sway whatever on to the next. You just keep on, because Most of the time, ocho, you know what they're waiting to say. I told you I knew it wasn't matter what I tell you. Did that, oh, hey, hey, hey, Ash. Remember I told you? Hey George, remember I told you, I told you I knew it. I knew it was they do it too much. Every time they turn around, they make it seem like everybody just waiting to say, I told you. Yeah.


Apple Cart is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. You can apply on your iPhone in minutes and start using it right away. You'll earn up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products that Apple like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Start holiday shopping for your friends and family today with Apple card subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple terms starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Hoko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your hope for the holidays.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Make holiday gifting stress free with guardian bikes with guaranteed one to two day shipping for just $29 you can trust Your gift will arrive in time to create magical memories this holiday season. Plus, sign up for their newsletter to receive a free bike log and pub with your first purchase, the perfect stocking stuffer for any kid on your list. Visit guardian bikes.com to secure the ultimate holiday gift today. Happy riding.


Hey Guys, this is Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I've seen people in the gambling community kind of make jokes about Faye this and we just goof off and don't even talk about the games. Bring your records and set 'em on this table right now. Yeah. All you out there that are spend two hours talking about the games and Will in the last seven years and night games, they've come in and haven't scored 20 points. And you get too detailed. Bring your records right here to fade this. We'll, we, we'll talk about books and, and cooking and Kevin Costner and still make more money betting on sports than you Will. And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcasts.


That's that's how we are. Oh, Joe, the Pop Tarts bowl trophy is a fully functioning toaster. What would the Nightcap Bowl trophy be? Oh, that's a good one. The Nightcap Bowl trophy. It would be, it would. Hey, it would be, you know, it'd be like, you know how at weddings Yeah. How they have the the chocolate fountain? Yeah. The, the the the the trophy would be something with Nightcap in it. Yeah. And have like, have like, like, ah, that's that's a good one. It got nothing to do with chocolate. I'm just say it has something to do with just, just revolving money and money just continues to circulate and just, just go in and out of some type of, I don't know.


I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm not good in, in, in creative in the creative world like that. Well, I was gonna say, maybe we could have a, somebody have our two head, but not the guy that did D Wade. Not the guy that did D Wade on sculpture. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That, that, that's, that's, that's bad. Whoever, whoever, whoever does the bus for the goddamn Hall of Fame. Yeah, yeah. Whoever that is. You know what I'm saying? It'll probably be, you know, it might be a ho pod, it might be some roll, it might be some condoms. You know what I'm saying? Ocho it might be a couple things. You know, some hair products. Right, right, right, right, right. A be a sc a beanie.


Yeah. Cheeseburger. Yeah. Cigar. Cigars. Yeah. Cigar. Yeah. Hey, some don't forget your yak now you gotta have some Jack. Yeah. Yeah. We gonna have everything with the yak. Yeah. So gotta have some yak. We have a bunch of trophies. We just have a basket. It's gonna have a gift basket Full of full of, full of trophies that, that, that resonate with us. The Things do. So, you know, you got La Portier, you got cigars, you got Rose Sparks up in there now you got all kind of stuff. Mm. I like it. I know they gonna wanna, I know they gonna wanna win win, win that trophy Summer Walker and Sexy Red tell her, call her to go back to her boyfriend after he cheated on her twice in nine years together.


People should, oh Damn. So I make Summer Walker and Summer Walker and Sexy Red tell her caller to go back to her boyfriend after he cheated on her twice in nine years together. People shouldn't be accepting that, but you are. Right. Like literally two times is nothing but friend, we can't sound sound like this. We have to work on ourselves and accept and accept better. They all like that. But there are some people that genuinely feel like there are some men who that don't cheat and they'll argue with you up and down that they, they'll make it be like, all you women just be with them ends that be cheating.


So that's why I don't say nothing, but No babe, they're all cheating. So go back to like, what the f What do you do, what do you do? Women, like a certain type women want a man with a certain type of revenue and income. Normally the type of men that you want and like that are wealthy, that are rich. What does that come with unc? I'm just curious for the people in the back real quick. Just what does that come with men that have the resources and have access to multiple women and are rich? What does that come with? Yeah, Because if he has resources to, if he has resources to cars, homes, he also have resources to women.


Well, I I just don't, I don't, I don't understand like, it ain't, it's it's fucking math. Two plus two eagles, fucking two, two plus two eagles, fucking two. It's come with a territory since the beginning fucking time. Someone with riches, Fame celeb. It's what it is. And it's always been that way. Why do we continue to have this fucking discourse and conversation about men that have money and what they fucking do? It's the same shit every fucking time.


Yeah. I look, I I I don't know the, listen, I don't really know the circumstances in which, like I said, I don't hear the call Ocho, we got about another, what? We got another about another 25 days before we can We been good Ocho we been good. We got 14 days Ocho and we'll be off probation. Yeah. Because they would try to, we were about to lose your job. You about to lose your channel. You about to lose your channel and we not gonna do that. So with that being said, Ocho, I don't know the situation. I don't know. I mean, looks like from the caller, they said twice in nine years.


I mean, some listen, some they can forgive some. That's unforgivable. I'm not ocho I, I don't, I don't tell nobody how they should be in the relationship. How they should be. What you should forgive what is unforgivable. I don't really know. Because that's what, you know what, Hold on. I, I got one for you. Yeah. How about you don't, how about you don't forgive, right? Yes. And you go to the next person, you know what's gonna happen. What same shit. You, you don't forgive again. You go to the next person that meets all the qualifications that you want the same shit. You know? And the cycle gonna keep motherfucking continuing to repeat itself until you fucking get it through your goddamn head. Yeah.


You know. Hello? I, I'm, I'm just saying, I mean, how long, how long you been around? Who me? Yeah. Oh yeah. How long You been around? I've been, been And, and listen in, in, in this specific field, in this specific craft or around specific type types of individuals and understanding the landscape of how things work. Like what, what, what are we doing? Well that's what I mean, young. That young lady is gonna have to like, okay, talk to her, you know, boyfriend, significant other, whatever the case was.


And then they'll have to come to a conclusion on, on that. Everybody doesn't cheat. All women don't cheat. No, they don't. All men don't cheat. No, they don't. But at the end of the day, I think you and I we're, we're we're realistic in our expectations. Yeah. Yeah. They, they all don't. Okay. Ocho very, very interesting story. According to reports, a phallic, a phallic laser pointer sparked a heated dispute at Jamie Fox's birthday dinner. What?


According to GMZ, during the celebration at Mr. Childs in Beverly Hills, someone from the VIP rented area by Jackass production company, peanut House Productions What Projected a penis shaped laser at Jamie's table upsetting him, especially since his kids were present. Jamie went upstairs to confront the group leading to an altercation. Sources say jackass for every stunt man, Jasper Dolphin allegedly threw a glass at Jamie, cutting him near his mouth. Jamie, Jamie bleeding exclaimed.


It's my birthday. What's wrong with you before leaving to get stitches? People play too much. They play entirely too much. Why? Why? But you see Ocho now, somebody had to say, because I didn't know Jamie Fox was having a birthday party there. Right. Who's coming there with a, with a production. They can't, they went there with that. So for, to do that. Mm. So is is, is he okay, this wasn't this, I'm assuming this wasn't a stu or nothing like that. That man threw a, he threw a glass and hit him in his mouth and busted and cut him.


He okay. I mean, I normally, that, normally that starts a real rumble. You know, I don't, I don't see someone Throwing something. And I mean, I mean, James, Jamie ain't really trying to squabble like that, but they know who to do that to. Normally somebody goes to Mr. Childs. They ain't try, they ain't, they ain't trying to bang. Okay. They ain't trying to bump they go. Right, right, right. They with that family, they with some loved ones. They're with some friends. They wanna Celebrating something. They want to get a good meal. People play too much. Man, y'all need to stop playing. Everybody ain't bought them pranks. I see people in the mall, you know, they going up the escalator one side. Yeah. But if that's your man, that's your and people strong, y'all stop.


But this is not a prank. Don't Play like y'all play. Yeah, but this is not a prank though, huh? Huh? This is not a prank. Yeah, he, he, he, he got a, he got a, a phallic shape laser pointing at Jamie. Okay. Oh, and okay, okay, okay. I see, I see you going in. Jamie got upset and confronted them about doing the, the bullshit. Yes. Okay. Now you Got kids at a table. Right. Because they probably got a ne they probably got so special coming out of something because you know, they be doing pranks like that. But I'm not the one. Right. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not the one. You never been pranked.


I don't, I don't play like that. Ojo. I don't play like that Because Actually they want, they wanted to punk me. You, my Ashley Kutcher had a TV show. Yeah. Had punk. Yeah, punk. The punk was Funny. My daughter Kayla said, nah, daddy ain't the one. No, I don't play like that. I don't, I don't play with people I don't know. Right. Don't play with me. You don't know me like that. I don't play with you. I don't play people that know me. I'm very matter of fact, I'm from point A, I'm from point B. I don't all that Kiki me and you joking back and forth. That is not the Shannon Sharp that I am.


I am not That. Wait, so you don't be joking with me. You not. Damn. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. And people expect this is how I am out. Oh, with them. With them. No, outside of me. Okay. Okay. Okay. I thought you, I thought it was just a No, no, I don't, I don't. Listen, I'm very respectful. Hey, how you doing? I always, anytime I meet somebody, Ash, always Why you do that? Hello? I'm Shannon Sharp. I'm not arrogant enough to believe that everybody knows who I'm boom don't play. Just, hey, go about your business.


Let me go about my business because boy, look here. Oh, we, oh, we, we told Mr. Childs up. Mm. Mr. Childs have been closed for renovation. I promise you. Yeah. You, You would've been there tussin out. I I guarantee you that's not, I get, I bet you that wouldn't have made the Netflix deal special if they were shooting some kind of prank bull drive for a movie. I bet you that wouldn't have made it. I, like I said, that's, that's why I stay to myself. I, hey, I sneak in, I sneak out. I go in there. My, my like seven 30. I'm trying to get in and get out. I'm out of there. Right. I don't do a whole lot of big crowds and stuff. Nah. Hey man, we got this.


No. Nope. Just let me go ahead and let me go ahead and about my business. Right, right, right, right, right. People are just play too much. I don't When did this, this, you know, what happened on Joe, the internet caused this because everybody, everybody's trying to capture content. Right. And then when, especially in this era, that's, that's the era we're in right now. The problem we're, we're in the content era. I just, and, and everybody wanna get content. And you saw that guy, that guy got shot in the mall. He's, he, he guy put that 22 on him talking about, oh, you shot me. Yeah. Because stop playing with people. Y'all stop running on people and throwing stuff on people in these stores and stuff and doing all kind of stuff. Man, y'all too grown for that Ocho, you know?


Yes sir. Now I'm gonna say it's, it's, it is a means of income. It's a different way of, it's a different way of revenue, a different way of income. And it's, it's, it's the times we're in now, you know, people understand that you can make money based on these prices. You get a hell beat out you. How much does that worth? Shoot de depend on how much depend on it go viral. What? It could be a pretty penny too. Now. Now think about it. You won't enjoy none of it. Uno confirms you cannot stack plus cards on top of another. So in other words, you can't officially put draw two on a draw two. I told y'all, y'all been making up rules. Y'all won't even rule. Y'all won't even read the rules.


Hold on. So if you can't, so if, if you throw down a draw two and I'm supposed to draw two, I can't hit you with a draw two before I draw the two out. No. Okay. I mean, I never played that way anyway, because if you, if you drop down a draw two, I draw my two And, and it's moving And it, and it can continues to the next person, whoever's after me. Right. Yeah. I've always played like that. Or If you play, if we playing like just you and I playing and I put draw two down on you and you draw two. Yeah. I can't put another draw two down there. Nah, nah. I uno card to have a draw 50. I'm drop that draw 50.


You Hey, you, you know, you know, it's funny, I'm, I mean, I most, most of the people in the chat, depending on how long they've been following me, I play Uno, you know, with, with with, with, with my people. Yeah. On, on our dates now, when the bill comes. Yeah. You know, we play Uno to decide who pay, who pays best. You know, best, best game outta three. Right? We play old school rules and the new card, the new Uno cards you buy. I don't like the fact that it comes with all these new cards and all these new ways to play the game. Yeah. I throw those out where you could write in, where you could write in something new and like, maybe I throw all that out. I wanna play the original Uno game that was, that I was playing when I was growing up.


I'm not playing all that new stuff. They, they be talking about today. Man. Uno Uno say, man, look here, y'all been playing the hood version Uno and we gonna Yeah, we gonna take it back. We gonna take it back to the, the, the way the game was intended to be played. Yeah. Which is, we did that with everything. We gonna, we gonna, we gonna find a loophole and make it specific to us. Be it spade, be it Monopoly. Right. Because you know, Hey you cool. Don't worry about it. You land on my property, you skate, you can't, it's not supposed to be like that. If somebody lands on your property, you got to charge. You gotta tax. Yep.


Small business owners, this one's for you, chase for business and iHeart bring you a podcast series called The Unshakeable. This one of a kind series will shine the spotlight on small business owners like you who faced a do or die moment that ultimately made their business what it is today. Learn more at chase.com/business/podcast Chase make more of what's yours. Chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2024. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there with low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year. You can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


Hi everyone, it's Savannah Guthrie and Ho Toko from the Today Show. We love this time of year. There's so much to celebrate. That's right. Nobody does the holidays quite like today. All season long. Join us for special performances with the brightest stars Plus festive recipes to whip up the perfect holiday feast and great deals on the hottest toys and gifts for everyone on your list. So Join us every morning on NBC to make today your home for the holidays.


Attention parents and grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Make holiday gifting stress free with guardian bikes with guaranteed one to two day shipping for just $29 you can trust Your gift will arrive in time to create magical memories this holiday season. Plus, sign up for their newsletter to receive a free bike log and pub with your first Burges, the perfect stocking stuffer for any kid on your list. Visit guardian bikes.com to secure the ultimate holiday gift today. Happy riding.


Yo. This is DJ Wells with Club five 20 podcast. We all got a thing obsession for some of us it's vintage fashion. Our cars, anything we can collect. There's a place where they all live under one roof, eBay, where clauses get filled with statement pieces and venture spots where designer handbags are the real deal. And all your favorite desktop sneakers wait for you. Maybe you live for uncovering rear trading cards. A quick search on eBay is like open a door to stacks of them. And if it's your car that fusion most eBay is a stock garage filled with any part you need for any Doit Yourself job. The best part is on eBay. It doesn't matter what you're into. Maybe you're at your museum worthy vinyl collection covering the walls for the ceiling of retro movie posters or just can't stop thinking about antique ceramics at 2:00 AM Can't get it outta your head thing. It's on eBay. So go ahead and follow what keeps you up at night. eBay things people love.


It's what? It's, oh Joe, now it's time for our last segment of the evening. It's time for q and a. If you have a problem with someone, do you expect your friends not to talk to that person too? Or is it okay for them to be cool with that person? It all depends on who their friend is. Nah, you know what, I used to be like that. I did. I used to be like that. I used to be, if I listen, if I was dating someone Right. And we met this per, we met these people while we were dating. If we broke up, I broke up with them too.


For real? Absolutely. Oh hey, I ain't, I ain't never, I ain't never got that serious about It, man. I bring up with you, but now I don't, I don't, I don't like, look, there are people like Bucket don't really know like Bucket and burns. Like we kinda like know kinda like the same people. So we cool, but oh, if Buck, if Burns a bucket, say, Hey man, I don't mess with that dude. Well you might as well just mark me off the list too. Right. I ain't know. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't never been like that. Huh? I ain't been like that. Huh? Yeah, I I've never been like that. It, it is, it is too much. It's too much for me to be worried about. There's too much shit that I don't really care about.


I don't care whether you like me or not. I don't care whether you here, whether you stay, whether you go, I just, for, for me, I just, it just, it just, it's just too much. You know? Yeah. I'm, I'm, mm Yeah. Never I'm bring over there. We broke. We broke up. Yeah. I Be True. Like I said, I mean most of, most of my, the people that Bucket know, like we both know like, no know because like my friends in Denver, I mean he's still cool. He, I mean he still such and such but Burns the same thing. I mean, so we, you know, burns met Bucket through me. Bucket Met Burns. Yeah. Through me. So they cool. Hey. Right. I wouldn't, when Burns would come, I'm like man, I'm going, I'm, hey, I'm going home.


Y'all not Finn to mess up my house. Right. Man, come on. Hey, which one y'all gonna take my homeboy out? Man, we got it man. Sharp, don't do nothing. No, because Sharp, y'all because when y'all leave, y'all not finna mess up my house. Right. Got me coming in at one two in the morning when she know I don't ever come in at that time. So the first thing she got antenna going off? No, no, no, no, no. And I gotta come in the house stepping on lips, lips poked out. I'm trying to, oh no, that ain't happen. Yeah, y'all got them. Mm. You're not finna mess up my home, but yeah. Oh absolutely. Yeah. If I met, like, like I said, I hadn't met anybody in a long time but, but back in before if I, me and my person that I'm with Right.


We meet somebody together and we break up. I broke up with them too. Oh man, you petted boy. Yep. Oh well hey listen, I remain friends and cordial with everybody. No man. I Ain't Ain't got Guess what, when was the last time you talked? Ain't Har Haram, Abdul la Atlanta need to just gamble on Michael Penney because cousins is not the dude for the Falcons.


He reminds me of Scott Bakula from the movie. Necessary roughness. Yeah. I think, listen, and I've said this from the very beginning, Ocho I believe they ride cousins because they're still, they're just one game back and they beat Tampa head to head. So it might be a situation where they paid to play Tampa later and it come down, they beat Tampa again. They win the division. Right. So I believe's why they stay with cousins, but it's hard to, for me to see a a a, it's hard for me to see a situation where he's back next year. No, hell no. Definitely, definitely not coming back next year after what we, after what he just played, you know, the back, the back half of this goddamn season.


Yeah. Pennix will be the goddamn start next year. And the way he's playing, if they do happen the hypothetically speaking, have to play Tampa again. They ain't beating that motherfucking Baker Mayfield team. Right. The way they playing, they just hung up 40 on, I forgot who they hung up 40 on the charger. Oh man please. 40 17 at that. You ain't beating that Baker Mayfield. No, not this, not this. Go round King. Go Govan said GaN Ocho my verified the head coach Oc still terrible. If they can do it all over again, knowing what they know now, do you think they keep Justin or just draft a different quarterback? It's all about, look, they draft Justin.


I don't think they coached him up properly. He has some flaws, but a every quarterback has some flaws As always. Yeah. But if you coach him up properly, you can get, get that out of him. And basically you brought very similar quarterback, very similar style of play. Both ath athletic quarterbacks make plays outside of pocket reliant on their legs and you kind of coach 'em the same way. You look at Jayden Daniels have Cliff Kingsbury, look at how he looks. And it's hard for you to tell me that McCluen and those guys that he has as weapons are any better than what they have in Chicago.


When you look at Kenan Allen, you look at DJ Moore, you look at Cole, it's hard for me. You can't convince me Ocho I like Terry McClure. I do, I I like those guys over there at, at the Commanders. But you can't convince me that they're better than the skilled position of any better than those in Chicago. Right. So coaching has a lot to do with it. I I think probably they stay with Ebra flu a little bit too long. They probably should have went to a more offensive minded head coach. Great offensive coordinator because you can have a defensive minded head coach, but you have to have an innovative mind as an offensive coordinator. You see dq, Dan, camp Dan, Dan Quinn, excuse me, in Washington.


And he brings in somebody that's very, very proficient at dealing with this style of quarterback. He had a Patrick Mahome, he had, he had Johnny Manzel, he coached Johnny Manzell at Texas a and m. He had Kyle Murray, he had boom, bring him in. Hey, let it work. Boom. Good red, good resume of quarterbacks. Yes. Green, green Vy. MVP of the season is Kurt Cousin's agent. Boy. No. What you mean the season for his career? Yeah. I don't know what he pay his agent, but he should give 10%. Just calling 10%.


Yeah. Isaiah Lancaster, uncle Ocho. Will the Eagles catch the lines for number one seed due to the injuries? Or will the Bills catch the Chiefs? I think both are true. I think the Eagles, I think the Eagles catch the lion. Catch the Lion because of the injuries and the bill's. Definitely catching the Chiefs. Yep. Definitely. They gonna get home Field Advantage. B Hunter said Unc, my ex broke up me two days ago and she seems so coldhearted after she told me I was one of the best things that ever happened to her. Oh, now I'm stuck and hurt. How should I move on? Hey, lemme tell you something. If she talk to you like she's part of hr, it's over boy.


It's over. Yeah. It's, it's over. And sometimes you are the best thing that happened to her at that time. At that time. Yes. Yes, yes. Yeah. I know how you feel. I know you probably been in that fetal position, huh? That shit, that shit don't, that shit ain't no joke, ain't it? I've been that young fella. I I've been there. It's gonna be okay. Yeah, one one day at a time. One day at a time. You're absolutely right. It's tough bro. It's tough because like you said, I mean you guys were together. She told you she was the best, you were the best thing that happened to her. You believed that you had no reason not to believe it. I'm sure y'all did a lot of things together and you know sometimes people, sometimes, and it's easier.


I still believe it's easier to grow apart than it is to grow together. Because growing together it takes effort. Growing apart doesn't take nothing. Nah. You sleep, You, it'll take nothing. Sleep quit. And so, yeah, growing Apart. I call, I call it Quit. That's quitting. Quitting. I ain't we We ain't, we ain't, we ain't quitting on this end. But, and I know you probably watching too. Fuck. You mean You ain't no Quitter Is your last name Campbell? Pat Do said Unc and Ojo. That was his last name, right? Unc who quit. I mean, you didn't get, you didn't get that Campbell, he quit on his team.


No. Oh, Devra. Yeah. Devon. Yes. It is Campbell, right? Yes. Okay. That was a good joke. That's a joke. Joke. Gotta Yeah, you, yeah. Yeah. You, you, you got, you got one on. Yeah. I appreciate that. I appreciate that Uncle Ocho time is flying from Cat bombshell to Michelle. It all feels like a long time ago. Have y'all had a chance to stop and smell the roses? Well, I ain't really had to chop to smell no roses. You know, I smelled the rose, you know, other than that, that, that, that's about it. That's about it, Man. Kind of like when you, like, when you're in it, when you grind as much as we do. Yeah. No, I haven't, I said I was gonna take, I wanna take some time to like, just to look back and see how like 24, how great 24 has been for she, she media and everybody that's involved.


But I don't get that luxury. 'cause Ash and CJ already talking about 25. So I'm, I'm ready. I don't, you know, CJ is already like, what do you think about these names? What do you think about these names? Like, we're already like the day after Christmas lining up guests to sit down and interview so we can start putting things out in early January. It's, I think when it's, it's hard when you end it Ocho because when I look back at it, I didn't, I don't really, I didn't really get an opportunity to smell the roses in my career until it was done. And then sometimes I look back and like, damn, I did that. Wow.


You so caught up in it trying to to be better than you were yesterday, trying to be better than you were last year. That sometimes I believe enjoyment robs you of progress. Because what happens is you enjoy the moment and you're not going forward. So you have to stop to enjoy something. And I just, I I, I tend to keep moving. That's just me, Laney Ray. Hey guys, if you had to pick one favorite quote from each other of the show, what would it be? Can you give a teaser for a new quote that we can expect on new merch?


Oh, I gotta wait till 2025 from a new quotes. I ain't, I'm not using no more under my, under my good quotables in 2024. Now, in 2025 is gonna be another slate. You know, that I'm ta that I take, I've taken from my grandfather and some of old players, my old players I, I met at the Domino house back in 83 and 85, 19 83, 85. You know, some of the things they used to say back then that it still stuck with me today. So based on circumstance and scenario, y'all gonna be getting them. I, I don't know. I mean, Ash and Justin present like quotes, like, what do you think about this? What do you think about that?


And then, you know, a lot of times you have to like see it. Like, I know like, like, like, okay. I think that, I think that'll be good. I think that'll be good. I know, I mean, said so many in, in six Ocho in 16 bucks. I've got up so many. Yeah, Some good ones too. I got, yeah. Hey, I got a whole book of stuff now. I got all my, I got all my stuff written down. I don't know. That's Elaine. That's a question for Ash.


Fly Ons 25 said Nochi a big fan of both of from playing days and been with Nightcap from day one with Love birthday. Shout out for my son Jay, and for my son Jay and I on today. See you guys in New Orleans. Hey Jay, appreciate that bro. You and your son. Happy birthday. Hopefully you guys are enjoying it. I don't know what you guys did today, but hopefully it was something fun. Got a chance to hang with family, friends and loved ones. But bro, I look forward to seeing you guys in New Orleans also. He probably be a little bit too young to come, but we look forward to Ocho and I and the Nightcap team. Really look forward to seeing you. Ocho doing in prison. Workouts came and camp said I met you UNC at the Marriott Bar Recentered when Super Bowl was in Detroit.


You were very formal. It wasn't you that stole my suitcase, was it? Oh No. Ocho you know, I just say please check the tags on your bag. Yeah, I had a Tomi suitcase. It rolled around and a heavy red tag, heavy on it. I grabbed it, go to the room. I don't think nothing about it. It wasn't even yours. Oh, I open the suitcase. Yeah, I see curling iron, I see hair bonnet, I see heels.


I'm like, hold on. I said, I know somebody ain't playing no joke on me. Yeah, I say, I say ain't no way. I said, well maybe somebody put they stuff on top of my man lady had my suitcase, I had hers. How you got it back though? Name? She ended up on my bags is Shelly's name. So Shelly called. She called Shelly. Shelly called me. I then called her and had to get, you know, had to catch a cab, bring the bag or bring the bag to her and get my bag.


Right. Right. And it was very inconvenience because it was cold and snowing in Detroit and anybody. I think it was like 2008. Who, who? Who played in Detroit? Oh, that was the, was that the Steel Super Bowl? Oh, the Super Bowl. Yeah. Was that the Super Bowl? If I'm not mistaken, I think it was Seattle and Pittsburgh. Okay. Yeah. King Jenkins says, okay, you shout out my door.


Mia and Ava. Is it Mia or Maya? MIY. Maya. Mia. Maya. Sure. King, Maya, Ava, your dad wanna say one of the Ocho and I in the Nightcap crew to shout you out. Hopefully you guys are doing really well, king. Thank you guys. Thank you for the support. We really, really appreciate that. It always means a lot when people show up and want to shout out. And then that's been following us, that's been down with us from day one. So Maya, Ava, here's a shout out from UNC Ocho. This includes this edition of Nightcap.


Thank you for joining us. As you watch the Vikings take down the Bears 30 to 12 and you watch Atlanta stay one game back of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the NFC South with a 15 to nine victory over the Las Vegas Raiders. Thank you for joining us for Nightcap. I am your favorite Aunt Shannon Sharp. He is Liberty City's own being a ring of Fame artery, the pro bowler, the all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. Please hit that subscribe button, please hit that like button. Tell family, friends, and loved ones to do likewise, and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And we thank you for your continued support.


Make sure you check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock. The holidays are here. And what better way to celebrate than with a bottle of Shea by La Porter. Now if you cannot find it any city or state near you, go to the site. Order it. December 18th is the cutoff we can ensure if you order it by the 18th, we can get it to you by the 30th. That's the cutoff. December 18th, one more thing, please drink responsibly. Go follow my media company page on all of its platforms. That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. Our newest it release dropped last month, t-shirts and sweats. We also have some fun stocking stuffers, beanie, coozies and mugs.


Quantities are limited, so please make sure you grab yours while supplies last. Tickets for the Super Bowl show in New Orleans. Our first spring tour stop are on sale now. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. It's February the sixth in New Orleans. Be there. We've been a nominated out show for two sports podcast awards. Best American Football podcast and best Sports Comedy podcast. Again, two sports podcast awards. Nightcap has been nominated for Best American Football Podcast and Best Sports Comedy podcast. Please make sure you go vote. The link is pen at the top of the chat and on all our social pages and our social bios.


Again, the Bears move to 12 and two with the wind over the, excuse me, the Vikings moved to 12 and two with the wind over the bears and the Falcons stay. One game behind of the Bucks and the crowded NFC North with a 15 nine victory over Las Vegas. I'm up. He's Ocho. We're out. See y'all tomorrow. Thank for joining us. The Volume.


Your teen requested a ride, but this time not from you. It's through their Uber teen account. You drive your teenager around a lot to their friend Jacob's house, their other friend Jake's house to James's. To Jayden's to Jaylin's too. Oh mom, this is Jake's house, not Jacob's. Now with an Uber teen account, your team can request a ride under your supervision. They'll ride with a highly rated driver and with live trip tracking, you'll follow along the whole ride to their friend's houses That all sound the same. Add your teen to your Uber account today. See app for details. Bye mom.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents goodness from the garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs meyers.com now.


Oh man, nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chews right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side, use as directed.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary sponsored by Future Health.


When The time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it, the thrills at their 15 world class theme parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save at Visit Orlando dot com. That's Visit Orlando dot com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.