
What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a Whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


The. time for holiday hosting is upon us, so make your second bathroom second to none. With Home Depot dot com's, Best savings of the season. Right now Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more. All at prices That will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online bath plus free delivery at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability. See HomeDepot com slash delivery for details.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video. This Thursday, the Minnesota Vikings head west to take on the Los Angeles Rams. Join Al, Michaels Kirk, Herbst Streett and Kayleigh Hartung for this Hollywood Showdown. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's Best party TNF tonight Live from Los Angeles, not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply. sign up for a 30 day free trial and You can cancel at any time. It's the Vikings and Rams at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football, and it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for the Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right, the biggest event in all of club's soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year the Champions League is giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount plus head to paramount plus.com/live sports and sign up today.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year and if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's Danni quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jeans. It fits me just the way I want it to. Make sure to hit up Abercrombie's Essential collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


The Volume you


TD taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book and official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns. And a Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new draft. King customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite. Onk Shannon. Sharpe. He got his Molly, his new T-shirt, his new hoodie. That's the new immerse that we're gonna drop sometime within the coming week. The Nightcap. And you can see your boy got on. I was hell when I was well, I was hell when I was. Well, Thank you for joining us for another episode. I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite. You know he's from Liberty City. Yeah, the route runner extraordinaire. The Bigo Rigg of Fame artery, the Pro Bowl, the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. But you can call him Mocho. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button.


And guys do us a favor. Go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from and remember every subscriber count. And because of you, we've been able to enjoy a level of success that we could not have enjoyed without you. So thanks to you, we are who we are. Please make sure you go check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock, so we hope to be in 14 to 16 states by the end of the year. If we're currently not in a state or city near you, we have it in stock. You can order it and we'll ship it right to your door. So the wait time will be minimal at best. So thank you. Thank you, thank you. Please go subscribe to the ni My Media Company page on all platforms.


That's Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. The UN and OCHO tees are back in stock. I repeat the UN and OCHO tees are back in stock. And 84 made the hoodie that OCHO has on and it made the tee that I have on as well. So thank you guys for being so supportive. People have started to tweet and put on IG and DM us that they have started receiving their merch. We greatly appreciate y'all keeping us updated. So hopefully in the coming days all merch would be shipped. You'll have it in your possession and we greatly appreciate your support and your patience. Ocho Let's get right into it. Yeah, the Georgia Bulldogs, the number five Georgia Bulldogs go into Austin, take down the number one Texas Longhorns.


They double 'em up 30 to 15. The Bulldogs will get their first, their their road victory handing Texas' First Lobster season. The Bulldogs entered the game, the betting underdogs the first time since 2021. Yeah. And that was the season open a a span of 50 games. They jumped out to a 2323. Nothing halftime lead. And guess what? They really, really never was challenged. The top sh top five showdown did not for show. It wasn't what we thought it would be. Ocho No, no. Not even close. Quinn yours Quinn. Yours was benched temporarily. Arch Manning came in for a couple of series and then when they came out of the half, they, they, they went back to yours.


They got 15, I think they got it. What they got it. 2315. But Texas had a hard time moving the ball up and down the field and overturned defensive pass interference, call by the officials after the Longhorn fans threw debris onto the field late in the third quarter. Something that you nor I, I don't think I've ever seen before. No Ocho. But when you watch this game, what did you like about what you saw from the Bulldogs? Listen, pure domination. Huh? Pure domination. Especially that first half. The game is won up front in Georgia. Pooled that night the first half goddamn Texas was Oh, for seven on third down, they couldn't even, they couldn't even get a third down. Listen, Jalen Walker, that that's his name, right?


Am I saying it right? Is it Jalen or Jevon? I think. What is he? Defensive lineman. Defense man. Hey, he was all Oh yeah, Jay. Oh, Jay Walker. Yeah. Yeah. Hey boy, you the real deal. I know you gonna see this Jalen Walker, boy, you the boy, you was the real deal. I will see you on Sundays. Other than that man, the supporting cast for that, that Georgia defense and they was all over the place. Obviously they played the quarterback carousel trying to get a spark on offense. Texas did putting Arch Manning in, but he was overwhelmed a little bit. He was overwhelmed. Yeah, I know he, I know he looked good when, when yours was out earlier in the season, you know, a few games. Yeah. But they wasn't playing that guy, that guy. They Wasn't playing Georgia. No. They wasn't playing Or the level of talent that Georgia has. Yeah. Completely different. It's a different ball game arch team.


And they tried to give him a little spark. It didn't work. They went back to yours. They started to get the offense going a little bit. They started to get it going a little bit, but not enough. Not enough. And again, that wasn't a PI two on that call you talked about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It wasn't, it shoulda have never been called. No, but Ocho I've never seen, I've never seen officials go back and say it wasn't past interference. But The only, the only reason they were able to deliberate on whether it's past interference or not is because all the fans threw all the damn, Threw all that trash. All the trash. And they wanted to get Yep, Exactly. So if they didn't have, if they didn't throw all that stuff on the field, the call would've stood the the pass interference would still I Believe so too. But the fact that you gave 'em too much time to, to deliberate, you know, boom.


I mean, it, it just wasn't, the DB had just as much Right. To the ball as a receiver. And you, you can't make contact. You don't got Right. You don't, don't run into the man. What, what, that's what I'm saying that was, that could have been offensive because he pushed off. Yeah. And the ball And the ball was, was outside. Right. Yeah. And so the DV was already outside and so he picked it. But I agree with you, I had never seen anything like that. Yeah. Not look, not a call like that. It's almost like headquarters. Like that wasn't pi. Right. Right, right, right. And all of a sudden, because I'm like And Do you think the rest, the rest have Oh Yeah, they Have access to the rest of the air. Yeah, they got, because you know, when they call, when they call Target Right. You go to central control, just like the NFL.


When you have, when you have a challenge, you gotta go to central control. Okay. So you have they abso absolutely, but still, even though I believe it was the wrong call of in the beginning. Right. I have never seen them pick a flag up like that. Nah, It's, nah, not, not, no, no. So it was the right call, but I don't know under the right circumstances, under the right circumstances to do that. Because everybody's gonna like, man, how did, how, how is that possible? And Kirby was like, hold on, wait a minute. You, you, you picked the flag up. You said it wasn't Pi Kirby wanted an explanation.


Kirby, I think everybody wanted an explanation, but I don't believe the original call was right. I don't believe it was a defensive passing affairs or, or, or contact or whatever the court terminology or phrase you want to use. I don't believe George, I don't believe the, the Texas cornerback. I don't believe he hindered him. Nah, I thought the the offensive tried to disengage by shoving him. Right. But the ball was so poorly thrown, it was outside and it hit the DB right in the chest. So he had no choice but to catch it. I'm surprised with the ease in which Georgia did this because Texas was only giving up six points. They go on the road, they beat, they beat Michigan. Yeah. Now, after Michigan got beat by Indiana, Indiana is a little better than we thought.


They go on the road and, and the rival game, they go to a neutral site and they beat the brakes off of Oklahoma. Yeah. Oklahoma just got trouss by South Carolina. Yeah. The biggest, I think that's their biggest loss at home since 2014 or something like that. So now Oklahoma, so now it's got me and, and, and I, and I think the world will start, but it's got me reevaluating what I should think about Texas ocho. Right. I i, it it really does. Yeah. They played some inferior competition and they hung points on the board on them. Right. But when I look at their big wins, su supposedly allegedly they beat Michigan. Yeah. And they beat Oklahoma. Right. Do we think Michigan and Oklahoma are really good this year? Absolutely not. I don't think so. Absolutely not.


Because Mo, most of, most of the players that made them what they were last year and they were so good, everybody gone. Yep. Everybody is gone. So now teams are being exposed as opposed to the next man up and who's up and they're living off of last year's success expecting those team to be just as good. So Texas was exposed tonight. Yeah. But again, I think the exposure came strictly from the interior. And the Texas O line ain't shabby. No, no, no, no. No. Boys ain't Shabby. Neither is their defensive line. Right. But it just goes to show you the level of talent, right. That Georgia has, your quarterback turned the ball over three times and you won by double digits.


Hold on. Remember ocho? Yeah. He had that many turnovers against Alabama. Yeah. And they took the lead when you can turn the ball over like Georgia turned it over and still win the ball game. Well, you know what the problem is? It's not only you turning the ball over once you get the ball back, Texas ain't doing nothing with the goddamn ball. Yeah. You ain't doing nothing with the ball because the defense was playing that well And then Texas gave four turnovers. They had two former by yours, they had won by Arch. You, when you play a team like Georgia Yeah. You're gonna have to be damn near perfect. Yeah. And the last thing you could, you can do is turn the ball over.


Yeah. Even if you are at home, because when you play a team like Georgia, unless you are as equally as talented as they are, they're gonna run away from you. And there are not very many teams in the country that's equally talented that can match up with them on both offense and defensive line and the skilled positions. Right. They're not very many teams in the country. Now we're gonna see, we'll see what Oregon, if Oregon, if they, if they play Oregon or they play up Penn State or they play some of the other top teams. Right. But when you look at Georgia and the way they're built, Kirby has built this team like those old Alabama teams where he is the d coordinate on Yeah. Lemme go get old line. You build from, you build from front to back, you build from offensive line back, you build from defensive line back.


Yeah. That's the way Coach Saban built those Alabama teams. That's the way Kirby Smart is building this Georgia team. Yeah. And they've enjoyed a level of dominance since what, 21 that we haven't seen Yeah. In a, in a while since those Alabama teams were doing it like that. But Georgia Georgia's really good look, I know they've lost to Alabama, but it's hard for me to believe that there's a better team than Georgia. I know Oregon is the number, is the number two seed at number two ranked number two on the road. And they tunk Purdue, and I know they beat last week, they beat Ohio State at home, but watching with my own eyes. Right? Yeah. I don't see a team better out Penn State.


Nah. At, at at what point, at one point do you think, what are the chances? I mean, at some point I know they probably will or I don't know. Well, Oregon play Georgia at some point or it wouldn't be until there's some type of playoff implications. Yeah, Playoff implications. Yeah. They're on 2D, they two different Conferences. I think the, the speed, the only thing with Georgia, I think they will still dominate in the trenches as far as upfront is concerned because Oh yeah, for sure. When I think about Oregon, I think about finessing speed. I think about finessing speed. They got some hogs that they don't have no hogs like Georgia has. But I think the edge as far as in the game is because Oregon is so goddamn fast. Yeah. It's so fa they so fast from sideline to sideline as far as skill position is probably equal.


But I, I don't know. I think, I think it'll be a very, very good game. It'd be a very good game. But here's the thing, when you play Georgia, it's just like any other, you gotta be physical. You have to, you ain't got no choice. You got to be physical because they're not gonna let you get outside and they're gonna run, Hey, they gonna play, they gonna play bully football. They's the way they're built, they're built to play a physical brand of football. We're not gonna get way down. That's what they do. They wear, they wear you down. I I was like, boy, Texas, y'all playing with fire. Y'all getting all these turnovers and y'all not doing anything with them. I say, now this momentum's gonna shift. Now what happens if you start to turn the ball over, right? Because right now everything is going in your favor.


You are creating turnovers, you're getting short field and you're not doing anything with it. Now when this momentum flips, Right, You start turning the ball over or Georgia, now all of a sudden you don't turn it over. Even if you punt the ball away, they hold you and you punt the ball away. Right. What happens when they get momentum and you see what happens? 23, nothing at the half. Dang. So the Georgia Bulldogs go on the road to Austin, take down the number one long horse. 30 to 15. Beck did not play well. Three interceptions Quinn ERs did not play well. You are gonna have to find a way in big meaningful games.


And I think there's one game, Alabama last year, I thought he played really, really well. He played really, really well. Ocho Yeah. And, and and, but he has an injury history and he hasn't played consistently in big games Again. Big games. Yeah. So it's gonna be very interesting to see for me after watching these guys, you know, cam Ward, I like Cam Ward, but hey, it's, it's hard to say that there, there's better quarterbacks that's, that's in this, that's gonna be in this 2025 draft. That's better than Shadur. No, absolutely not. I think Shado Shado is the clear number one favorite as far as quarterbacks are concerned. I don't see anyone probably being picked before him as far as number one is concerned.


I I think the next player after him would probably be maybe a d tackle, maybe a defensive end, maybe a right guard. You know, some, some of the big boys that have been, that have been playing very well this year. But Ur is a clear, the clear favorite. He's a clear favorite. And I, I still think, I don't know if the injuries will play any type of part. I still think that Travis Hunter also has a, a chance to go, oh yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. For sure. Maybe top three, maybe top five. I would like to say top three if, if we can figure out, you know, the injuries and what's going on with them, with those. But Ocho we gotta factor in. That's why they don't let guys play all those snaps your body.


Yeah, but he young. He young. When you that Age, Joe, I don't care how young you're o Joe playing 130 snaps a game is not conducive. Now think about that. He playing 130 snaps in college. Right? You think he gonna play 130 snaps in the NFL? Absolutely not. No. No. Probably not. What's happening? But what's hap ocho what's happening to him? The body breaking down Ocho you can't play those snaps. The body, hold on, hold on. Wait, what, what injury? What is the injury? Do you know? He already shoulder him. Oh, Okay, okay, okay. I I don't, I don't think hurting your shoulder is really not the type of injury that's, that's re ref a reflection of the Snap.


When you get tackle, when you get tackled, you fall the ground. When you tackle somebody, you doing that a hundred times a game. Now normally ocho when you play offense, you might get hit 10 times a game if you catch the ball. Right. Or you fall on the ground. So imagine you get you playing a hundred plus snaps, you tackling those, those hits are and you getting tackled. Yeah. Those hits are magnified, right? Yeah. Yeah. So I think that's the biggest could he, could somebody, yeah, there been a lot of guys that probably could have played it, but the game is fed up. It's a lot more, it's a, it's, it's a lot more conditioning now and he has a condition. Right. But you're asking someone to put that amount of snaps on his body week in and week out.


That's the biggest difference is the physicality. Right. In the NFL, Especially at the next level. But there's one person I would love to see do it. I would, there's one person I would love to see prove those, I'm not gonna say doubters, those that feel he can do it. I, I would love to see him do it. I'm, I'm sure whatever team he goes to, they're gonna have some like, like, like we've always said, you I think you and prime, I will, prime really won't give us the answer. I think you prefer him to play db. I prefer him to be at, at the wide receiver position simply from a financial standpoint, long term with the type of money they can command when you're, when you're really, really good at what you do. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm excited for him. Yeah. He says you can do it the fact that he believes he can.


But once, once you got it here and believe you can do it despite what we may think, you know, based on the physicality of the game at the next level and how close the competition is. But when you're part of the 1%, if there's somebody I think that, that may be able to pull it off, even if we feel he can't, I would love to see him do it just to prove some people wrong. Well, it's not, it's not a point that he can't. Right. Yes, he can do it. Right, but at what point is it a diminishing return? Okay, I see what you mean. At what point does the him, the receiver doesn't suffer. At what point does it, the DB doesn't suffer, right? Because you want to be great, but then you, let's just say he's a great ride. Great wide receiver. Yes, sir. But then his defensive ski, then it hurts the defensive side.


I see. Or he's great on the defensive side and it hurts the offensive side at some point in time. OCHO it has to be a diminishing return. Some some gotta give, huh, Some gotta give ocho. Yeah. That many Ocho you think about the most snaps I've ever played in the game, I think was about 93. And I'm just playing, I'm just, just offense snaps. Right. Right. Imagine, imagine playing a hundred plus every game. 16 games, 17 games, ocho that's 1700 plays. But you know, when I That's two seasons. Yeah, it is. But when you think about it, unc, the level of competition and of the elites that are at, at the NFL level, he won't be able to just take someone's position on both sides of the ball like that.


That's why I think whichever does, But that's what we're trying to see. You and I are smart enough to say, okay, put him in packages. Packages. Yeah. If he gonna, if he gonna play, yeah, okay, we got a couple of packages for you on the offensive side. Right. Okay. We got some defensive packages, but everybody's talking about, oh, he gonna play both. He gonna start both with offense and defense. Hey, that's, oh, that's tough. Boy, that's tough. That's, that's tough. And I, I mean, I would like people to be a little bit more realistic, I think for us that have played the game and those that also playing the game and that are playing the game right now, have a better understanding you. Like you, you like the attitude of, in the feeling of I can do both, but with great understanding on how good everybody really is.


That's, that's a tall task. That's a, that's a tall task. Boy, A lot of the, some of the guys that he played against OCHO is not gonna make it to the NFL. Yeah. Every guy he, he plays against on Sunday. It's in the NFL. Right. I said that's, and that's what, when people say, oh, this college team could beat the pro team shit. I say, look, Even the best Alabama teams, Bama, Florida State, LU, That 2019 LSU team put him against the worst, put 'em against the worst NFL team. They beat the hell they man the N NFL team will beat the hell them grown ass them grown ass men. Hey, we talking about Justin Jefferson, Jamar Chase, Joe Burrow, Joe Burrow, Edwards Alay.


They will get Molly WP man, they get Molly, WP People don't understand that Grown. That's a grown man. Yeah. Y'all having good time. And that was a historically great team. It was. But them grown men Ball Bad please. And, but look, he's a phenomenal talent. He's as good a talent as I've seen. Now I don't know how you quanti, I don't know how you quantify him. Like I said, I, I didn't pay that close of attention to some of the guys 'cause I was playing, so I didn't have the kind of time like we have now to just watch Travis Hunter on both sides of the ball. Right. I was in the league when Champ Bailey was doing what he was doing. I was in the league when Charles Woodson was doing what he's doing.


And I was in the league when Miles Jack, but I wasn't really paying attention. Like, and we didn't have a a a a show like we have with Nightcap Right. Where we're talking about a lot of different things on a night. Basically you got once a week we talk about something and then we move, we moving on. Right. But in this situation, the studying, like I said, I'm, I'm pretty close to Bo's age. I'm pretty close to times age. Those are the two greatest athletes that I've seen with my own eyes. Yeah. Especially both shit, Man. And like I said, I mean, you know, play offense and defense. I saw time do it.


I saw time do it in the NFL. I saw him play offensive defense. Yeah. Started, I saw, I saw him start, you know, they had had some packages for him, but it'd been interesting to see, you know, next time we have more we're gonna ask him, do you believe you could have played an entire season playing both sides of the football? He Playing every, I'm talking about talking about every snap. You know what I'm saying? Because we saw him do It every Yeah. Play every snap. He Probably gonna say, yeah, He might, he might. The one thing he gonna be honest with you now. Yeah. He gonna, he gonna, he gonna be honest. I mean he obviously he has supreme confidence in his ability and rightfully so. Yeah. I mean, the hardest thing to do, most people say the hardest thing to do is to hit a baseball.


It is. The man played in a football game and went and played in the World Series game. He's hit home runs, he's hit inside the park. Home is double, triple. He's picked off a pass. He's run a punt back. He's run a kickoff back. He's caught a touchdown. He's run a reverse. I mean, we ain't gonna Finn to doubt him because we've seen it at the highest level. So we've seen this man on the baseball field, ocho at the height, at the majors. We've seen him in Super Bowls. We've seen him be an AllPro. Like I said, he's been an all pro at three different teams. Yeah. Only two other men has ever done that to and Ted store and, and Ted Hendricks. So that takes you to the level.


I, if I'm not mistaken, I think time has all more AllPro teams than, than, than than Provost election. Let that sink in. That's Crazy. Like I said, Ocho people don't, people don't realize how good time was because, you know what I'm saying? We've been so far removed from it now. So you see, you know, you see the YouTube clips, but some things you only, you have to be able to see through your own eyes. See With your own eyes. Yeah. Hey, do you, do you put, do you, do you put Jordan? Huh? Do you put Jordan in that same class? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. See but be, hold on. I'm saying being a two a two sport athlete, even though he tried his hand at baseball, but he wasn't good. No, no.


I'm just, I'm just, I'm just asking. I'm I'm just asking.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow And. our decision 20 20 14 will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


Hey, what's up guys? It's Nick Chubb running back for the Cleveland Browns Abercrombie's NFL partnership kicked off last year. And if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start first. Abercrombie's denim quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their loose jean and it fits me just the way I want it to. Make sure to hit up Abercrombie's essential collections for tees and their bestselling popover hoodie. I love rocking that on game day or really any day shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep and switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires In six months.


No, no, no, no. Jordan is, is, is is a historically great basketball player. But you don't, you don't give him the credit for the for for take trying his hand at baseball. No. Okay. I mean, you could try, right? I mean yeah, he tried. I mean, you know that, you know, but he didn't get called up to the majors. That's where the big boys are. Yeah. There are a lot of guys that, that are, that a lifetime. It's kinda like there's a, there's a levels to this. There's the NBA and then you can go to the G league, you can play overseas. Right?


The NBA is the NBA, you know, guys play semi-Pro, but I played semi-Pro. That ain't NFL Right? And ffl, that's what if you talking about pro football now, there was two league when they had the USFL And a lot, some of the guys Reggie White played in the USFL. Right? There are a lot of guys that played that came over and had Sam Mills rest his soul. He started in the USFL, the field miles. There are a lot of guys that played in there, but people didn't look at them. Jim Kelly, Warren Moon, guys. But when you can't, you, you, you got, you got your cred, you know what I'm saying? You got your cred ocho when you, the big boy came to the NFL.


Yeah. You get your cred when it says N-B-A-M-L-B. Right. And congratulations to the Yankee Soto three one Homer, top of the 10th. Two outs, two strikes, Yaya. He came in Clutch. Huh? Did he I missed that one. Hey, all I know. Is it gonna cost about 500 mil too? Hey, hold on. What's what's the, what's the series? What? Three one. Oh, they, they're in the World Series and so now they're waiting on the Dodgers. The Dodgers and the, the Dodgers and the, the Mans the guardians? No, they beat the guardians. The Yankee Yankees just put the guardians out. Well, Who, who? The who, the who? The, The Mets and the Dodgers. Okay, okay. Well they hold on. The Dodgers is up like what? 2 3 1 2, huh? They up three one.


Yeah. Nah, 3, 2, 3 2, 3, 2. Yeah. Hey, can you imagine that? A Dodgers and Yankees World series. That's gonna be a good game seven there. Boy. You got New York, you got la You can't get any, you can't get anything better than that. You can't get anything better than that. Yeah, listen, I'm not, it's like, it's like the Lakers and the Celtics. Oh yeah. Like old school In the eighties when you got Bird and Magic. You know, I'm, I'm not much of a baseball fan. I don't watch baseball much, but I'm glad to see, I'm not sure if the Steinbrenner is still the owner or you know. Yeah, he His son. Oh, He is. I'm glad to see that Hank and how You play. You, you pay to play.


I'm glad to see pouring that money into the team is finally paying off. That's always, they they do the, the Yankees. The one thing you, you can never accuse the Yankees of, oh, they ain't paying no money. Right. They've always paid money. Yeah. They went out and got Dave Winfield, they went and got Reggie Jackson. They go get Randy Johnson. They, they will spend the money Money. Yeah. When that is paying, paying off his Year. Yes. Mr. Steinbrenner. Yeah. He's always been like that. If I'm not mistaken, he brought the Yankees from the CBS in 73 for like $7 million. That's it. Boy, you know much. 7 million was back in the seven talking about Dad see it, I mean, when you think about it, I mean you think 7 million like in today's time, like Yeah, you, no, it's 1973.


Yeah. And I, and I ain't mean no disrespect to those that are watching. I didn't mean to capture you. Just say that's it like that. I'm just, I, I apologize. No, but they, they, they've always, they've always spent money. They, they, they always have. They always will because they wanna win. Yeah. They wanna win and ain't nobody don't, you know, and could they like stuff their pockets with money? Sure. Yeah. But he passed whatever, whatever trait that is that, that Mr. Steinberg had. He passed it down to his son. Yeah. Because they spend money now. They just spent $40 million, 360 million for nine years for Aaron Judge. Yeah.


They spent 3 55 on the picture. They're about to spend four, they're about to spend 500 on Soto. Juan. Yeah. Maybe six. Yeah. Juan. Nice. Maybe six. So Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Six might be a little steep now, but if, if you gotta think what's the name, if Tani just got 10, 700 million, the fact that he got 700 million is the fact that he can do so much. He's stealing bases. He can go out there and strike. He go out there and get you some strikeouts and he a slugger. Well he ain't struck out out nobody this year. He a slugger. Miguel Soto gonna get five, go get five 50, 600 million. Juan, Juan Soto. Juan Soto. I keep saying Miguel, Juan Soto going get 6 5 50, 600 Ojo.


Well you think he gonna, he gonna stay with the, the Yankees or he gonna go somewhere else Who got the most money? Because if Scott listen the way baseball players are Right, They want to keep the market going. Yeah. They going to the highest bidder. Right. Right. Now the Yankees did something very unique with, with with a judge. They offered judge like eight years, two 70. Right. He said Nah, I'm good. He played it out. He had that MVP season. Right. And they gave him something. Very few Yankees have ever had they put that seal on his jersey Captain. Yeah. Now there have been a lot of captains, but when you captain of the Yankees, that's a whole different ball game.


Different. That's different. There a whole lot of men that worn that sea had that sea on the pin strike. Hey, did one of the greatest short shortstop of all time. Jeter Jeter was captain. He was the last captain. He was captain. Right. Okay. Yep. I think Thurman Munson was a captain. Probably Diaggio, Right? Yeah. But you, you, you, you talking you talking about epic names when you talk about Yankees captains. Right, Right, Right. Probably Gehrig, probably Ruth. That's dope. That's live. I don't think Diaggio was who I I know it wasn't Matt.


It couldn't have been Mantle. Not as much as he partied. Nick, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey Mantle. Yeah. He used to party What he said if he knew he was gonna live so long, he'd have took better care of himself. Luke ge Don mad. Yeah. Don baseball judge, not judge obviously. And Jeter was Thurman Munson captain. He died in the plane crash. I remember him used the catcher Ron Guidry. Okay. With Okay. Yeah. I don't know him.


You going way back now. I remember, I I remember Willie Randolph, the second baseman. Remember Ron Gidrick? Oh nah, nah, nah, nah. I dunno. You go, you going, you going too far back down. Alright. Ocho Yeah. Colorado is one game away from being bold eligible. Yeah. Yeah. George Sanders went 23 or 33, passing 250 yards, two touchdowns. The Russian touchdowns with two interceptions. Travis Hunter started, started after injuring his shoulder against Colorado as against Kansas State. But with the 28 3 lead, he sat out the entire second half to rest that shoulder. The buffaloes improved to five and two with the win today.


Well they boys ain't been five and two since 2014. Man. I think. I think 2014, something like that. Yep. Yeah. I, this they look good today man. They look like a completely different team. They look like a completely different team. I, they could have put up more points than they did too. They could have put up more points than they did. And you say they're bold eligible with one more win, right? Yeah. Gotta get a six. They just beat Arizona. Who, who do they have next? Do you know? I don't who they got. Who's on the schedule? Don't they Got it. Do they play Arizona State this year? Cincinnati. They got Cincinnati at home.


Okay. That's a, that's a, that's a dub. What ag Texas Tech. Texas Tech got trounced today. Texas Tech. They not good this year, huh? Mm. They throw the ball around. Yeah. They, they listen, they, they always been like that. So hell, the the bus got a chance to go seven and two. Yeah, the score was 28 7. Colorado was up 28 7 at the half. And so Travis Hunter, Coach, Prime gave him the rest of the day off. They're doing a great job. They're attacking the quarterback if you look at it 1, 3, 4, 5, 7.


But like, they had like seven, they had seven sacks, seven tackle losses. Defense is doing a great job. They ran the football ocho, they ran the football 39 rushes 148 yards. Webster had another big day receiving the ball. Eight four, buck 27 23. They had 23 completions for 250 yards, two touchdowns. And they read the ball. This is one of the times though, Joe, when you look at it, they had more rushing attempts than passing attempts. Yeah. And you know, you know what's funny? When you running the ball efficient like that and you're gashing teams like that, it balances out the playbook. You can do what you wanted. You can do what you wanna do in the past game when you can, when you can know you can run the ball, it makes everything easier, everything easier.


Oh, Texas second ain't a bad day. Or five and two. BYU since top the conference at four and Oh Tide with Iowa State at four and oh K State is three and one they six and one Texas Tech is three and one in the conference. Cincinnati is three and one in the conference. Colorado is three in one in the conference. 7 0 7 and oh six and one five and two five and two, five and two. Kansas State has the advantage because they already beat Colorado. Heavy beat Colorado. Yeah. But this game, you know, hey, they can do some damage win against Cincinnati. They, I like, I I, but I like, I, it, it seems to me that they're, they are, they get better.


They just can't have that love. Because remember what they did to UUCF ocho, they went down there and they dominated most complete game. Even Coach Prime came on and said this was our complete, most complete game. Right. And then the next week, all of a sudden they forgot how to, to, to, to attack. Stop the run. Right. And how to protect your door. So hopefully they played, they, they like, you know what, this is how we got to where we needed to be. Let's continue this. Right. But that defense, the defensive line they were attacking today, they did an unbelievable job. Seven sacks, seven tackle for losses. Yeah. You can win with that. Yeah, most definitely. Definitely win with that. O And, and, and one thing, the take note and no disrespect to them, but also the Arizona offensive line really ain't what it should be.


Yeah, true. It really ain't what it should be. So that's why it looked like that. So if they can continue the same thing when they do play Cincinnati, if that's the next game, now we talking, Right? Well, Cincinnati, they won today, I think to be Arizona State and the coach was upset at the kicker. So there's a, I'm holding an open drive for anybody that wanna kick Listen very few times do coaches, do coaches, just be honest and tell the media exactly how they truly feel. Most answers or most comments are always politically correct. And listen, I just, it's kind of, kind of, kind of sad or bad. Bad in a way. You know, know, they'll, they'll, they'll talk about the coach for that, but hey, that's how you feel.


Hey. Huh? Yeah. We'll talk about that later. Coach. Say, look here if you can kick a football or kick ass, come on out here. Come on out here. Try come on out here. Try, don't you, But Coach Fry, Colorado Buffaloes get to get to five and two with a, a very impressive 34 7 win over to Arizona on Friday. President, former President Obama attended a campaign rather in Tucson, Arizona said he saw buses for Colorado football team at the airport. President Obama said Colorado got a couple of good players also know you guys are beating them twice in a row. Don't bet against the wild cast Tomorrow Buffalo win prompted the reporters to ask Coach Prime about former President Obama's comments.


I love him. I admire him. I respect him tremendously. But I heard what he said. We have more than a few good players. Come on Fred. Come on Fred. That's live. Oh boy. Tennessee, the volunteers dropped the Alabama Crimson tide to five and two. It's the first time since 2007. Coach Saban's first year there that they've lost two games before November. Yeah. October can't e end soon enough for Kaylin de Bo, the number seven Alabama first lost to Vanderbilt, then a narrow win against South Carolina. And today a 24 17 loss to Tennessee could doomed this Clem Crisson tides hope for playing the SEC championship game and reaching the college football playoffs.


The tide manage your 64 yards rushing against Tennessee talented defensive front Jalen Ro tossed a pair of intercessions, including one of the final minutes that sealed the volunteer win Ocho. Yeah. I He Needs to understand Yeah, his team isn't good enough Yeah. To overcome his mistakes. Mistakes. Yeah. Well, not, not only that. Hell, that goddamn Tennessee forget the Tennessee, forget the, the, the offensive line that wouldn't allow the Alabama to rush the goddamn secondary. That was su more surprising to me how well the secondary played against Ryan Williams and the rest of those receiver, the rest of those receivers that Alabama has. They man, they was on them boys like white on right shot there.


Man. Man, Every week, every week we watch Alabama play. There's always been a receiver with a highlight some 50 yard touchdown, seven yard touchdown, you know, short stuff taken. Short, short routes, intermediate routes, taking 'em to the house. Oh, there was none of that today. Ba there was none of that today. And then on top of the turnovers and not really being able to move the ball like you like, or put a point like we're used to seeing Alabama do, man, kudos to that Tennessee defense. Matter of fact, kudos to that Tennessee secondary, they played well. They played real well. Okay. At some point I hell for a secondary I thought Melrose punting the ball the way it was coming out outta the hell the way it was looking.


Yeah. I like Did you punt that or you threw it? Yeah. Hey, they was only, they was on him Ma Ocho, but he star receivers down, bro, you can't do that. I promise you, I promise you, if you star receiver down in the NFL Yeah. You'll complete under 50% of your passes. Yeah. Well, shit. Or it's going the other way. One or the other one. But unc you know, it's hard now. You know, it's hard when you're getting hit to be able to, to, to get the ball and you know, your ass supposed to be on the safety. True. And just the hold safety there before you make your throw. Now when you shake and you got, and you got happy feet, you wanna see your target right away so you can complete the pass.


And that guy jumped off sides. I don't know why, how they didn't call that a penalty. ocho. Yeah. Yeah. But That defensive ocho. Yeah. He, He was past the tackle and Melrose hadn't even got the ball. Oh yeah. I don't know what they were looking at. I don't know either. He must've had, he must have had a a a a Tennessee as part of his parlay. Nah, I'm just kidding man. Nah, but that I, I do think that was, I think most people think that was a procedure that he was offside of a situation like that. I was shocked was started They didn't dead. Yeah. I was surprised that they didn't blow. They didn't blow it dead. But Miro has to play better.


If you go back and look at the games, two turnovers against Vanderbilt last week. Similar situation gets Carolina. They could have easily lost that game again. Another two turnovers day. He has to play a clean game. Ocho Yeah. Because they're not good enough to overcome his mistakes. Yeah. They're just not. And he has, he needs to understand that. But I don't know. It's looking, it's not, it's not looking good. Alabama loses two games and it's not November yet, but I kind of felt they were in trouble when they lost the Vanderbilt. Yeah. Looking at their schedule. I was like, they still gotta go to Tennessee. They still gotta go to LSU. Ooh.


They still got the Iron Bowl with Auburn. Auburn, Auburn. They still got Ole Miss. Could, could they lose, could they lose boy Alabama lose four games in a season? I mean, it could, it could happen. You think? Listen, It absolutely could happen. Yeah, it could happen. I don't know who's schedule worse as far as the college is concerned. The Cowboys with they, the, they they next five coming up or Alabama with they next vote coming up. Shoot. Both. Both. Is is, it is looking real grim. Yes. I don't even, I don't even know what grim means, but Bleak. It sounds fake bad, not good. Oh hell no.


Yeah, it's, but I'm surprised given that he started, you know, last year and how he picked it up and how he played. Well he started the season off kind of reverted back. Got but this is, this is not a good look bro. The number six Miami hurricanes keep winning close when beating Louisville. 52 45, the hurricane's third and the a CCC win in a row by one possession. Camp War keeps putting up Heisman trophy worthy numbers after losing three interception and wins against Virginia Tech and Cal, he stayed clean against the Cardinals hitting 21 or 32 passes, 319 yards, four touchdowns while adding 29 yards on the ground.


Ward continues to lead power forward with 27 combined scores. You're gonna have numbers and they're gonna have impressive resume as far as wins. OCHO 52, I think this is the fourth time this season that they've scored 50 points or more, which is a, which is a program record. I think Cam Ward has like what, six or seven consecutive three oh yard passing games, which is also a program record. So he's doing what he needs to do Right. In order for them to like keep his name in that Heisman Trophy in that Heisman Trophy conversation. Na, genty ocho. It's just gonna be hard. He rushes for 2500, 26, 2700 yards.


What he Had he what he had today or they was gonna buy? I think they wanna buy, I mean he's on a pace to, I mean put it like this, not saying he's gonna continue, but he's ahead of the pace that Barry was on when he rushed for 26, 28. Right. He could probably, he could probably get it. He he could, he can probably get it. I would, I would love to see if he was in the, the ac No. What did Alabama then what, what what Conference? SECI Would love to see if he was in the SEC Would you still be able to put up those type of numbers in that type of conference?


Probably not. I still think he'd be really good. Yeah, He'd be really good. I just wanna see what his numbers would look like. Well they tried to, I mean, there's some team programs that tried to lure him away, put him in the, you know, give him NIL money. But he stayed. He stayed anyway. He stayed. Boy, you better than me boy. Yeah, You better than me. All I need give me listen, gimme, gimme a charger. Gimme a charger and I'm good. Yeah. Hey, gimme something. I let, hey, I tell somebody, hey my grandma need a refrigerator and a deep freezer and then I'm gonna tell the other school y'all need to build a house around that refrigerator and deep freezer.


So we gonna be straight, we got appliance already hooked up Ocho. Hell no, man. Please. Hey, the way we struggling too. Yeah. Oh man, Ocho. Hey, I ain't gonna lie man. Hey, it was rough on Mary Port and, and her family. Oh yeah. And if I could have made it easy, Hey, somebody say, Hey Shannon, we got a, you know we got a hundred thousand NIL money. Bye. You add there. Huh? You know how much a hundred thousand was Back then back in the eighties. Boy, stop. And, and you know, hey, the phone bill get to be like $7,500. It's off for the month. We couldn't pay that.


Hey, hey, that's funny. Hey, my grandma working ticket. You work, she working all them jobs, cleaning people houses. I gotta see my grandma go clean somebody house and, and you know, bathe people and all. Cutting. Hell man, I'm, I'm telling I'm gone Outta there quick. I mean what, what, what the hell am I doing it for? Right. Yeah. You right All I'm all, all somebody giving me NIL money ocho or somebody giving me a bag. All they did was speed the process up because I'm doing this for her anyway. Anyway. Yeah, yeah. All you did was, hey, instead of having to wait till 1990, you spent it up. You gotta be got me there a year or two quicker. Yeah Man, please, I'm gone, gone.


But you know, I tell you what, my brother had an opportunity to come out his junior year and I remember having a conversation with him. He said, man, you know what you think? He said, they tell me I'm gonna be a first round pick. And I remember having this conversation with him. I said, Spain, we've been broke all our life. I said, we've been going hungry. Right. Another year ain't gonna kill us. Hey sure ain. If you telling me, if you say you'll be a first round pick, it's probably gonna be middle to later in the first and they say the follow the next year you could be a top 10. I'm good. Right. I eat I vitamin sausage and potty meat One another year.


One More year. Yeah. Hell yeah. That's It. Sure will. I, Hey, I've been going to, I've been going outside to the bathroom for 19 years. Another year ain't gonna kill me. Yeah. Done got rained on. It's thunder and lightning. It's cold. Go round on up out there. Ocho another year ain't gonna kill us bro. Go back to school. We lay right up in the house. Look at see the sun, see the moon. It rain. Hey. Oh, that's funny. Yeah. Who else we got? Brady Cook returns from the hospital to lead. Number 19, the number 19, tigers Missouri Tigers to a comeback win over Auburn Cook.


Went to the hospital for an MII but later returned in the third quarter with Missouri down 17 six. Cook immediately led Missouri on his first touchdown. Driver of the game, red shirt freshman. Jamal Roberts finished things with a four yard scoring plunge. Excuse me. As Missouri Defense stifled Auburn on fourth and 18 with less than 10 seconds left on the clock to secure the win Cook returned. And the fact that it looks like he'll be okay moving forward is huge for the Tigers. I ain't seen nothing like this. Ocho He pull, he pulled that Paul Pierce. Huh? Wheelchair. MRI come back in and act fool. Yeah, But you know how long an MRI take, huh?


Yeah, I do. I've had, I've had several of'em, these badass hips. Hey, Bad buddy. Went and got an MR and came back and went crazy. Yeah, Yeah. Hell yeah. I know how long it took. It reminds me of the situation rest his soul. Goose, man. Sarah Goa. Yeah, man, goose, check us out man. Goose, we playing in Baltimore. Yeah. And I know the fans in Baltimore. I know y'all remember this man, goose got hit. Goose can't move. Goose can't move. So they come out there, they put a board up on his big ass and get him out the field and get him out the field. Goose leaving the ambulance.


Right? Well he left in the ambulance. Next thing you know Goose come running back out on the field. I said, I said come on man. Man. Hey, what was, Hey, what was wrong with you? Nothing. You probably had to go to the bathroom. Hey, well that's funny man. God damn, Tony man, goose. Man, look here. Goose was always doing something man. They had to get Goose one time. They, yeah, Lamar did that also against Cleveland.


Man, goose had to go to the bathroom. Goose say whatever you do, don't roll me over. He Kept, man, goose kept some bull drive going. He, he really did man. I said, man, first of all, ain't nowhere in hell now, especially the NFL game. Right. They cart you off the field Ocho, they gonna let you come back in the game. Oh no Man. But the thing makes I think about, man, I think about some of the stuff that we did. Yeah. That they allowed. Yeah. Ain't no way it wouldn't work. Ain't no way they allow you to do that now. Nope, because I, I remember I got, I knocked myself out in the game against the Patriots on a Monday night.


Right. Missed like two quarters. Man, they got late in the ball game. They talking about, Hey Sharp, we need you because they took my helmet at first. Oh, you went back in That game. Got close. Hey, I'm holding three fingers up. How many fingers I got up three. Let's go. You good? I went right on back. Y'all gonna look it up. I went right on back out there. Don't Joe. Hell Nah. Hey, that's funny. Yeah Man. But that was, that was unbelievable. I'm glad everything worked out for Brady Cook. Yeah. Left the game. Golden against an MRI team Down, comes back into the game, leads them to a victory.


That was very, very impressive.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel, Maddow And. our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election, Tuesday November 5th on MSNBC


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months. Then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris. We have someone who wants to be president who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those, not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid For by Harris for president.


Hey, what's up guys? I'm Fred Warner, linebacker for the San Francisco 49 ERs. abercrombie's NFL Partnership kicked off last year and if you haven't shopped there recently, I'll tell you exactly where to start First. Abercrombie's Deni quality is unmatched. I'm a fan of their lose jeans. It fits me just the way I want it to. Make sure to hit up abercrombie's Essential collection for tees and their bestselling essential popover hoodie. My wife is notorious for stealing that. So you might want to grab a few shop Abercrombie to see what everyone's talking about.


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected from big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch to T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep and switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlocked device credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Arizona State coach Kenny Dillingham posted an apology on social media Saturday night for his post game criticism of kicker Ian Hershey. The kicker missed two fourth quarter kick as the Sun Devil tried to minor a comeback against Cincinnati. Dillingham said Sunday the team would be holding kicking trials on Monday. Our kicking game is atrocious. So if you could kick and you are in Arizona and you are in Arizona State, email me right? We're gonna have kicking trials on Monday, so bring it on. Kicking trials Monday. Let's go. Yeah, I'm dead serious. We're gonna put it out there on social media. We're gonna have a kicking trial on Monday. We're gonna find somebody who can make a field goal. Mm. It makes, it makes it even harder late in games when you clearly a kick scenario.


That's when it gets really hard because you're like, Hey, it's a clearly a kick. You know? Definitely you want to take the points here. There's no doubt in your mind. Dillingham later apology. I would like to apologize for my post game press conference. I talked about our kicking game like I do offense and defense. However, the kicking game is already always directed at one player. I should not have done that and I apologize. A team loses as we always a hundred percent falls on myself, son Devil for life. Hell nah. It don't fall on them goddamn yourself. It's the kicker's fault. It's okay. It's okay to tell the truth. Sometimes You have one job, the kicker has one job. You go out there to practice, you do one thing, all practice for two hours, kick the goddamn ball.


Yeah. Sometimes the game is on your shoulders. You have to kick the ball to win the game. Yeah. In this instance you wanna take the points. You miss field goals make the make the game closer. Maybe you might have had a chance to win at some point. Yeah. You never know. You gotta make your kicks. That's all you do. Hell, if you don't, God damn scholarship. They've wasted the scholarship on you as a kicker and you missing the goddamn kicks. If you at the next level and you miss the kicks, you know what's gonna happen to you. What that Shit, you gonna get cut or they gonna Yeah, for sure they gonna find somebody else that that's gonna make them. You know, I don't, you don't need to apologize for that because all this does is get that individual, if he's choosing to be a kicker at the next level, this is how it's gonna be.


It ain't gonna be no speech like that to the media. Ain't gonna be no speech like that. It's just stuff gonna be packed up in the goddamn locker and they not, they not gonna let you in your gate code ain't gonna work at the next level. Well you do realize like college, the scholarship is not for four years. That thing gets renewed every year. Oh yeah. Come on Now. Because I know there are a lot of guys that came here with me. The ones that didn't leave. Yeah. Once we got and started doing tour days, because like I said, Ocho, we ran before practice. Right. Because Coach Davis told us we had like 120 guys out there and Coach Davis said I got 60 uniforms. He said I gotta trim the fat. Right. He ran. Boy I couldn't go home.


Yeah. Because I wasn't working in the field. I was done with the field job. I, hey, I saw my uncles and I saw men that was 20, 30 years older than me. Like I'm not do this. I'm not be working no job making 20, $30 a day for the rest of my life with no benefits. Right. And if I don't work, I need me a salary job. Even if I don't show up, I won't get paid. You know when you work no jobs like that, don't you? You don't show up. You don't get paid. Oh, you Don't get paid. Yeah. It rained out. You don't, Hey it rained. Oh, we can't go today. Right. I don't get no check. I ain't got no insurance. So I was like, that ain't, that ain't me. I ain't leaving. Right. I ain't leaving because I knew there was nothing back home that was better than for me than what I had at Savannah State.


Oh yeah. So, But Coach David said, coach David said, look, some of y'all ain't gonna be here next year. He just said, I know what y'all going to do. Y'all gonna go home and you gonna tell your mom and dad, coach Davis effed over me. Yeah. But when they come in my office say, you ed over my son, I'm gonna pull the tape out and I'm gonna show up. I'm gonna say, see your son effing over me. Ooh, That's a good one. That's a good one. Simple. Yeah. It it, it's really that simple bro. It ain't complicated Ocho. It's not, you got a job to do. Do it. That's it man. You know, everybody ain't perfect. Okay. You need to be more perfect than not. I ain't saying you gotta be perfect all the time.


Yeah. But you better be more perfect than not God damn. At at least, at least 90%. So I don't know what y'all, I don't know what y'all want me to tell you because this, this, this a either get Barney port or get good or get gone. You got two choices. You can get good. Excuse me. You can get good or you can get gone. Yeah. Now which one you wanna do. Yeah. And especially when it comes to, and when it comes to this game, there's always someone that can replace you. Name the job Ocho always name the job that there's not somebody lined up to replace who's ever in currently in that job. Every time Whether, you are president of the United States, you a senator, you are, you are, whatever the case may be.


Right? You a minister at a big church, I guarantee you that people lined up to get that position. Yeah. So you think as a professional athlete for a second take professional aside name the job. There isn't a job that there isn't people lined up to replace somebody and say a job. Yep. So if you think you'll get, ah man, you know what? Nah bro, when you making money to do something Right. Ain't trying to hear all them damn excuses. I'm really not. Yeah. I don't, I don't think coach should apologize if, if anything, listen, that's tough love. That's tough love. That's getting you, that's getting you ready for the next level because there ain't gonna be no apologies when you make mistakes like that in the real world.


Ain't no apologies. Hell no, Ain't no, ain't no apologies. Sometimes you got one chance to mess up. Sometimes you don't have an opportunity to miss two field goals. No. Sometimes you even get, you don't even get that chance. Oh, you two, okay, boom. You gone. I like I said, Ocho, when you grow up, like we grew up and I, and I had to learn this because a lot of how you raise your kids is how your parents or grandparents raise you. Raise you. Yeah. And it was, it's hard for me because, and like Coach Prime, this is why Coach Prime is a great teacher. He says, because you can't see those kids as you and he doesn't do that.


My grandfather was not big on repeating himself one time. He said, I'm not gonna chew this food twice. I'm like, you gonna chew that food more than twice or you gonna choke, try to chew some food twice and see what happened to you. Right. But what he meant, he wasn't gonna repeat himself. Right. And I remember a conversation he had with my grandmother and she said, Barney, don't be so hard. Don't be so hard on him. He just a little fella. I was young, old Cho but like I said, my grandfather died when I was, I was when 77. So I was eight years old. He died in February. I was gonna turn nine in in June. And she said, Barney, don't be so hard on him.


He's just a little fella. He said, Mary, he said, I got, he has to get what I'm telling him the first time I said, he said, Mary, we live on a farm, he's gonna be around every machinery. He's gonna be around these animals that are dangerous. He said, Mary, I might not get a second chance. I need him to understand the importance of what I'm saying. Right. And it really, and as I got older, I understood, 'cause I see, I saw a man, Mr. Joe, Joe Tatum, who was a, the guy that we worked for, we worked for the Tatum Brothers, but then they ended up splitting, splitting off. And he would always tell us he is like, Peewee, that was my name was Peewee.


I know your guys can't believe it, but I was really small as a, as a young, a young fella. So they called me Peewee, my cousin, he was named, his name was Sundown. That was his nickname. Sundown. Because you know, he'd look up there and say, Mr. Joe, it's time to get off. The sun gone down. So they started, they call him sundown, but he would always tell us is that never come up Like, like the tractor at Adam had a call, what he call a PTO that power all the equipment. He says, boys never come up to the back of the tractor like this because something bad could happen. You ain't gonna tell me something. But once something bad can happen, I'm good. OCHO win the field one day. And I never forget dude name of Fred, I forget Fred last name.


Damn. He came up to the back of the PTO equipment he had on some frayed jeans. Ah, it got caught up in that thing. You could hear it splitting his jeans. That's right. Next thing you know Ocho all you can do, I'm looking, I'm looking at it because it, for me to, from me to this camera, I'm looking, next thing I know he got his, he got his foot in his hand. Ah. Took his foot off just like that. You see guys in and a grinder lose a finger. Yeah. So that's why people like, well Shannon, bro, bro, I just, that's just the way we grew up.


Right. And it's, it, it was hard for me to get out of that. And I realized, Shannon, you can't raise your kids like you were raised because it's different. It's different. And it was hard for me to get out of that. And I was like, you know what, it took a while though 'cause their mom was like, Shannon, they kids. I said, I know they kids. And I said, I wouldn't be as hard on them if they will stay kids forever. If they will stay between the ages of four and 10. Right. No problem. But what happens when they get 16? What happens when they get 25?


So when people's like, oh, that's, oh it's a mistake. No, no, bro. No, I ain't trying to hear all that. I'm, I'm really, I'm really not Ocho and I'm hard on me. I beat, I beat myself up when I do like, I make a mistake. And, and, and that's the hardest thing, Ocho. 'cause I understand we're not perfect. Nobody's perfect. All I try to do Ocho is I try to, I try to, I try to shoot for the stars. And even if I land on the moon, I'm still pretty high up. Oh yeah. Most definitely. And that's what that, that's the hardest thing. And so I get what Coach Dillingham is saying. Yeah. And I understand that. Like, that's why you gotta be careful Ocho when you upset because you three people will tell you the truth.


Yeah. Kids drunks and angry people when a mofo get mad at you. Yeah. Watch how they start talking to see how they talk about you Tell you everything you want. Oh, that B Oh, so you think I'm a bee, huh? Tell you everything. Tell hey, tell you everything. They be thinking every time. A drunk mind, a drunk, a drunk mouth is a sober mind's thought. Mm. So whatever you say, oh Joe, when you drunk, you thought about when you were sober, sober, whatever you do while you drunk, you thought about it while you were sober. That's how it come to your consciousness. See I like that. I don't drink, but I'm finna write that down. A drunk man, A drunk a Yeah. Well that's a good one.


Now a drunk man, I don't drink but re re be re be motherfucking drinking. So next time she gets slick at them out. I just know, I just know A drunk mind is a sober mind's thoughts. I was like, bro, so you got Ocho you gotta be careful. You, you have to be careful because a lot of times, you know what people do, they try to, they try to disguise how they truly feel jokes. Mm. Man, I I was just man, you man, you know, I'm just playing. Right. Okay. Little, little env, little envy, little envy. Okay. You play. I don't play like that. Everybody don't play the same. No, I I don't, I don't play with Teddy.


Like I play with Titus. Two different situations, two different dogs. Right. I had a dog. Ocho, you couldn't look him in his eyes. He would bite you. He would bite you. I would have to put him up. You couldn't come through the house running. I had a dog. I had to put him up for whatever reason. He did not like my, he did not like my father. He was my stepfather. But we called him Pops. Right. We had to put him up because the whole pops was sitting on the couch. All you hear the whole two ka called him Big daddy, big daddy.


He'd be like, and when I a and he know because soon as I say, big daddy let's go. He hop up and go because he know he, he want no parts of it. Right. You couldn't walk up on me. That's how you, that's how they were. You could not walk up on me. I had a dog named, what was his name? His name was Samson. We called him Bo. You couldn't hug me. I girlfriend couldn't hug me. He would, he would bite you For real. He would light they ass up. Bucket. When Bucket got ready to leave, bucket gave me dapp.


I said, bucket, you can't get, you can't dap your homeboy up. He like, man, come ass bucket. Next time you see Bucket, ask him what Bo do if you dap hug me. Oh No. So everybody don't play the same. Right. The Volume,


President Trump, why do you believe it's appropriate to weigh in on the racial identity of your opponent? I read where she was not black and then I read that she was Black Vice President Harris, We have someone who wants to be president, who has consistently attempted to use Race to Divide. And I think the American people want better than that. Want better than this? We all have dreams and want a president who invest in those not in hate and division. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate for president and I approve this message Paid for by Harris. For President


The Time for holiday hosting is upon us. so make your second bathroom second to none. With Home Depot dot com's, Best savings of the season. right now Enjoy up to 40% off select online bath. Find the latest on trend styles of vanities, faucets, showers, tubs, toilets, and more All at prices. That will let your budget relax right along with you and your beautifully renovated bath. Get up to 40% off select online bath plus free delivery at The. Home Depot. Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more, more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Odoo Odoo has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's OD o.com.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Brew two shots of espresso. After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face, a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.