
What's good, Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude With these open ear buds, To have good sound and to be so light on your ear, it's like a dream. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Get your holidays started with the perfect tree and your perfect style from The, Home, Depot. Whether you want something that you can assemble in a few clicks, steal the show with over 2000 color changing bulbs. Or a tree with lights that can be controlled by remote or foot pedal The Home Depot has it all in our huge assortment of premium trees. Plus, get free delivery on over 2 million items this holiday from The Home Depot Subject to availability See HomeDepot com slash delivery. for details


You can count on T-Mobile to help keep you connected From big cities to small towns on America's largest 5G network. Switch the T-Mobile, keep your phone and they'll pay it off. Up to 800 bucks per line via prepaid card. Learn more at T-Mobile dot com slash keep. And switch up to four lines via virtual prepaid card. Allow 15 days qualifying unlock device. Credit service port in 90 plus days with device and eligible carrier and timely redemption required card has no cash access and expires in six months.


Thursday night football is off and it's only on Prime. Video all the way for the touchdown this week it's a Halloween treat as the Houston Texan take on the New York Jets. What a catch coverage begins with TNF tonight. not a Prime member. Sign up for a 30 day free trial to stream the game. It's the Texans and the Jets Thursday only on Prime. Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Paramount Plus is your home for The U Uafa Champions League. The best Club soccer tournament is finally back and is bigger, better, and bolder than ever. That's right. The biggest event in all of club soccer returns with a whole new format. And this year, the Champion's League has giving you more match days, more epic matchups and more unforgettable moments from the world's most beautiful game stream. Every UA for Champion League match live exclusively on Paramount Plus. Head to Paramount Plus dot com slash live sports and sign up today.


The Volume TD taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown. One thing's for sure touchdowns matter more at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score. We want to bet on touchdowns and at Draftking Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new Draftking. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Draft King sports app, use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL plus premium only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Hello ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us again for another episode of Nightcap. I am your favorite on Shannon Sharpe. He is your favorite 85 from Liberty City, Cincinnati being a ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowl of the All Pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. We thank you for staying up with us. Hopefully you watch the CU Buffaloes take down the Cincinnati Bear cast 34 23 in a very, very exciting ball game. And for the first time since 2016, the CU Buffalo Colorado becomes bold, eligible. Eligible. So Coach Prime and only his second season taking over a one in 12 team and in two years he has them bold eligible. Thank you. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button.


And do us a favor, go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. Every subscriber matters. Every subscriber counts. And we want to thank you personally for helping us matter and count so much. Check out Shea by La Porter. We have it in stock and if we don't have it in a store, a, a city or a state near you, you can order it. And normally in two to five days, considering where you are in the country, we can have it to your doorstep. So thank you again for your support. Thank you to the Black Podcasting Award for shipping. Bullet me. Oh damn. Our awards ocho. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. What's the key word? Who, whose award is it?


Yours and mine. But somehow they forgot this. Hey, listen, listen. This, this is what I love. This is what I love about us. Now, now we started That was yours, Ocho, that I dropped. Okay. Oh, so you dropped mine? Yeah. Hey, hey. Lemme tell you something, but listen, we racking up now. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa me. Yeah. Put that, take that w off and put me, I got both of these. What you mean? We, Hey, you ain't, you ain't seen me. None of my awards yet, man. What? What's, what? What's, what's the Play? Okay. What award you looking for? Huh? What award you looking for? I need all of them. All the accolades that we built up to this point. You ain't sending me shit.


You ain't got any chance? Listen, listen. I don't, I I don't, I don't wanna be, I don't wanna beat you up. Right? You know, you my cohost. I don't, I think you better stick to de Hey, I don't, I don't wanna put no hands on you. Can you politely? Can you politely send me my awards because I am responsible. I'm I'm, I'm the other half of the reason why we get You've done amazing work, Gocho, I'm so proud of you. Thank You. Thank you. I'm so proud of you. I'm gonna keep both awards. Hey, thank you. Thank you. And hey, for, for those of you that are in the chat that are watching, man, we appreciate you. We appreciate y'all because without y'all, none of this would be possible, man.


Y'all are the meat and potatoes to our success. And I mean, words really can't describe how thankful I am, you know, for us to have grown as fast as we've grown so fast. And this is just the beginning. We just getting started, man. Thank all of you. I love you. Yes. All of the awards that we won, I mean, you can see some in the back, the million subscription, the a hundred thousand, the Webbys, the the Heroes and Media. Yeah. I mean there's so many awards. We don't win these without you. No. Your support, your the views, the tweets, the likes, the talk about over the course of the last year. A lot of this is all, all of this is because of you. We don't do, we, we, we get to talk.


We can talk as much as we want, but if, if, if the the base, you guys don't like it, we're just wasting our time. Right. And so we really, really appreciate you giving us the support that you've given us standing behind us, believing in us. And when they talk about podcasts, you guys always mention Nightcap. So we're greatly, greatly appreciative of that. Although Ocho and I, we are the face of Nightcap. We have a staff here that does an unbelievable job. And trust me when I say they are equally as thankful as we are because without you, this doesn't happen. Also, my clothing company 84, make sure you follow that. That's 84 being spelled out.


I knew its release dropped yesterday. I was held when I was well, t-shirts, I'll lie for you before I lie to you Shirts, black Nightcap hoodies and by popular demand. Stay with me now. Hoodies, they're back. And of course our bestsellers are the UNC and OCHO tees. Yeah. Those are back in stock. But quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies last. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. So guys go out there and get 'em because they're going really fast. The UNC and OCHO tees are selling out. And so again, that's because of you. So any success that we garner is because of you. It's not because of us. Yeah. I think you like our content. I think you like the way we, you know, we have fun with it.


We talk sports, we talk pop culture, we talk life, we talk finances. We talk a lot about a lot of things. What we don't do is gossip. So we don't, we don't do that. 'cause I don't particularly care what's going on in somebody else's life unless it's football related on the football field. Then, you know, we have to talk about certain things. And then sometimes people run a file with the law or something happens and it's like, OCHO can't believe this happened, but Right. We try to stay away from that. Somebody asked me the other day, was I gonna talk about a certain subject that's been dominating the headlines Right. Since September. I said, no, they get enough coverage on that. We don't need to talk about it on Nightcap Ocho Before we go any further, you wanna talk about you got, I think that's a Prairie View shirt on. Oh, hey, let, listen, listen, I, I went to, obviously I went to Prairie View's homecoming.


I did the coin toss today. A big thank you to the athletic department and, and, and staff and everyone that's a part of the Prairie View family alumni and, and current students and athletes. Man, unbelievable, unbelievable atmosphere. Which is why I'm jealous of you that you had the opportunity to experience what it's like to be at A-H-B-C-U. Now, what I'm not gonna do is, I promise this time when I talk about Prairie View, I'm not gonna cry. I'm not gonna get emotional. But that is something that all people, if you go to, if you go to A-P-W-I-I or, or you go to a private, private school or any, anything of that nature, you need to experience a homecoming at some HBCU at a state near you.


Yeah. What I experienced today from everybody, whether it was alumni, whether it was students, the athletic director, the president, when I talk about hospitality Yeah. They, they put the fucking h in hospitality and, and allowing me to feel welcome knowing that I have, have no, no, no background. The Daughter goes there. But it's not like you played there. It's not like you went to an H Hb CU but that just the bare fact Ocho that you would take time out Yeah. To come down there. They made me feel like I was family. They made me feel like I walked, I walked, I, I went there four years. I crossed the stage. I got my, my diploma. And, but that, but that I'm grateful. And everybody mentioned mentioned the show.


Every everybody mentioned the show and they talked about how much they loved it there. A lot of people asked about you, there was someone that played with you. He was your roommate when you were a rookie with the Broncos. When you're a rookie with the Broncos, he was your roommate And Brian mc Patter? Yes. Yes. If I'm not mistaken, I think he's married Bmac. Yeah, he's, if I'm not mistaken, I think he's married to the, to the president. I, I, I could be wrong. Okay. I could be wrong, but Yeah. Yeah. He said, dog, listen, lemme tell you, the band played. You might not know it, but I'm sure they played it when you was in school. You know the song. I'm so glad. Yeah. So man PV played that I, and, and everybody and what they do is what, at hbcu they, they pro plug their school.


Yeah. So when I was, I'm so glad I would go to ssu bingo. I'm so glad And listen. But I got chills, man. I got chills to the point where I had to go to the band director. I went to the band director. I said, do me a favor. I know I have no jurisdiction here, but can you just run that back for me one more time? Yeah. I'm like, like, like I'm, I'm, I'm acting like a, a dude in the club talking to the DJ man. He ran it back for me, man. One more time. And unc man. Oh, it's, Oh, you get hype. You gotta see the pageantry. You gotta see the ambiance, the atmosphere of what it's like homecoming week at an HBCU because you can feel the buzz, you can feel the electricity. Yeah. The, the, the FRAs and the Saw Ross, they're in the park.


They're getting, they're gearing up for the step shows. Yeah. They're getting ready to do their thing. They know that a lot of people are gonna be coming back. That that recent recent graduates and, and people that graduated 10, 15, 20, 30 years ago, they're coming back. Oh yeah. And, and, and obviously the players, you wanna win because you wanna send everybody away that's leaving. If they left today, tonight, depending on when they play, some people play in the afternoon. Some people play at night on Homecoming or Sunday. But everybody's gonna disperse and go back to their location. And we wanted to give them something to talk about. So, and there's nothing like that. I remember, just like it was yesterday, the buzz and, and, and, and my last two years, but my family came down. My sister, my mom came to watch me play.


Even the very last game. My grandmother only saw me play one time. Yeah. My grandmother came the last time we had homecoming. We played Albany State. Yeah. And my grandmother was in attendance. And so that was, that was probably one of the, the probably one of the proudest moments when it comes to football, because she had never seen me play. Yeah. Everybody had told her from the time I was a little boy, Mary, you gotta see that grand boy yours. Oh, Mary. He's so, oh, Mary, that's a Good feeling boy. That's a good feeling, boy. And so when she finally got an opportunity to come and she came on the field, man, and I gave my grandma a hug. I mean, she was so proud and I was proud to have her there, but there's nothing like it. Ocho Nah man. There's nothing like going to an HBCU, especially homecoming week.


Now, there are other things that, you know, we have because the, the faculty is from all over the place. From, you know, from Senegal and Ben and Right. All the Ivory Coast. And so we have a festival where they have their native dish. And so the professors will cook their native dish and we, and we'll be out there in, in the, on the yard. Right. And you get an opportunity to taze from all over, all, you know, all over Yeah. Ethiopia all over the place. And so it's just, you know, it it was, it was, it was great. We have talent. We used, I don't know if they do it at PWIs, but we have talent shows. Yeah. I mean, yeah. Oh yeah. We have talent shows. OCHO singing. Yeah. Guys, red Grant, like I said, red Grant. Yeah. Yeah. Went to, went to Savannah State.


So he was always, he and we had a dude named Bernard Mac, we used to call him Flavor Play. They used, used to do comedy show. We have wrestling matches. For real. Yeah. Yeah, we did. That's dope. That's dope. Dope. That's dope. It it was, it was a great feeling. But a Colorado beat Cincinnati during the college game day this morning, Nick Saban had high praise for Coach Prime squad. I thank the team to watch out for Colorado. One thing that Dionne told me this summer was he finally had two coordinators that believed like he believed. And now, you know, they're gonna discredit. Oh, Cincinnati's not that good because I noticed anytime he beat a team Right. They're not that good when they lose. Well, if he, what he said he was, he should have beat, he should have won this team.


Because remember they went on the road. Right. The, U. CF Yeah. Which was ranked Well, UC ain't that good. And they were like number two team in the country as far as Rush yards. Right. Did a great job on them. Cincinnati did a, won that ball game. They're fi they're six and two now. They're bowl eligible, I think. You know, and when he took over Ocho, that was a one in a one in 12, 1 11 squad, one 11 in two years, he has them bowl eligible. And you know, he did a lot of it, you know, through the portal. Man, you can't do that. He's like, look, I know the type of player that I'm looking for and guys that have already been to college. So if they know what it's like to be in college.


Right. They know to study. They know how to study, go to study hall. They know the training schedule. So they, they're all, they, they're a little farther along Right. Than guys that are coming out of high school. But I I, I'm happy for him. I'm proud of him. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna hit him up. I'm gonna hit him up tomorrow. I'm not gonna bother him tonight. Yeah. But I'm afraid Might pick up the phone and then he'll forget to celebrate his old victory. He start going in on me. So I'm gonna leave a along. I'm call it once we get, once we get off line. 'cause I don't trust you. Yeah. But hey th that, that, that was a good game, man. That god damn Travis Hunter special man For Sure. Gordon Shado, I mean they were able to run the ball officially tonight. They were able to run the ball.


Listen all three phases of the game, special teams, offense, defense, interior. Now I thought it was gonna be a shootout the way, you know. Yes. Both teams scored, you know, there's 14. 14. And then, you know, the defense kind of got it together. Now what they do need to do is if you're playing a better team, they allowed Cincinnati to come back towards the end of the game and, and made it made, made me a little uncomfortable watching. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, I'm sure that's some prime would wanna wanna discuss with them and trying to finish the game strong just as well as you did in the second and third quarters where you kind of dominated where it was like it was punt, punt, punt. Like you had almost four series where you had, where you had points. You put up points, whether it be touchdown, whether it be field goals.


Yeah. Everything kind of slacked off on, on the tail end of the, I was surprised Ocho that they had a fourth down and they were on like the 45 yard line. Yeah. And they, they didn't go for it. I thought he would go for it there and put the dagger, put the nail in the coffin. Coffin. Right. He punted the ball and then they ended up in, then they had another situation. I think the biggest thing is I think what he's gonna be, and he's gonna be proud of his team because I thought they played well today. Right. And it's not about running the football, trying to get seven, eight yards of carry. Sometimes it's about just being balanced. Run the ball just well enough that you can play action off it. Right. And that's what they got today. They didn't have four yards of carry, but they ran the ball well enough. Oh yeah.


That they could play action off it. And they had some lanes to throw the ball. I thought Shado threw the ball extreme extremely well tonight. But that's the biggest thing. And sometimes when you get those 30 and ones, you gotta get those. Yeah. You gotta, you you gotta, you gotta get those OCHO because they had two situations at a 30 and one and a 30 and two and any get either. Right. And so that's the situation where you wanna put the game away. We can, we can end, we can end all the suspense. We don't have to worry about anything like this. Right. Because we gonna keep the ball for another three or four minutes. You're down 17. So by the time you get the ball back, if you get the ball back with four minutes and you can get three scores, well we deserve to lose. Oh yeah. But that would've been an opportunity for them to put together the ball away, the game away.


And also on the third down, I thought he would've ran it to make them burn that final time out. Because you know, you're gonna get kicked the field goal. Right. You got that in your back pocket. I don't want 'em to have any, I don't want them to have any time outs. I don't want them to be able to stop the clock unless they get out bounds. Right. I don't want them to be able to throw the ball to the middle of the field and get a, take a timeout. So that was, other than that, I thought he played, I thought this team played really well. Very, they, they missed a couple of tackles. Yeah. I I'm sure you're gonna talk about when they, I don't know if they meet tomorrow. Wouldn't do. I don't know how they do it in college. Hell, it's been so damn long since I've been in college. I don't even know. But I think he's gonna tell them guys when we get there.


That's as far as he goes. That's as far as he goes. Right. And you know, no yak, no yards after, no yards after contact. No. You know, no yards after catch. None of that when we arrive on the scene. That's it. That's it. That's the end of that play for them. But they play well. Ocho they played well. Shara threw the ball well. 25 or 33 23, 2 touchdowns. They ran the ball. 40 attempts, 123 yards. Obviously Trav was nine for a buck. 53, 2 touchdowns. Horn was five for 76. Shado shoulda had another touchdown because he got it called back. He piece the dude out and they call un sportsmanlike conduct.


Yeah, yeah. But other than that, I thought they played well. OCHO Colorado looked really, really good. Who They got next action. They got Texas Tech in Texas Tech. Texas Tech lost. Well they, they lost the TCU and they lost last week towards Cincinnati. If I'm not mistaken, they gonna be throwing the ball all over the place. Oh. They gonna, they they're gonna put the ball up in there like 40, 50 times now. That's Whatt that's what Texas Tech do. They gonna put the ball up, you know, a bunch of times and you gotta be sound, they're gonna make some plays, but just like when they make their plays, you know, you just can't, you know, can't overreact. Yeah. Don't try to overcompensate and try to get outta character and try to do something and get it all back. Well, I'm finna make a play here and give up an even bigger play.


Right.


The 2024 Presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Ow. And our decision 2024 team will provide insight, its results come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election, Tuesday, November 5th on MSNBC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you for more. check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime Video This Thursday. It's a Halloween. Treat as the Houston Texans visit the New York Jets. Join Al, Michaels Kirk, herb Street and Kayleigh Hartung for this exciting matchup. You know the cool part about this game when they faced off in 2019, Robert Sala was the defensive coordinator and his linebacker coach was Dko Ryans. So these guys know each other well to good looking bald guys. Can't wait for this matchup. Coverage begins at seven PM Eastern with football's best party. TNF tonight Live from New York. not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you cancel it anytime. It's the Texans and Jets at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't Odoo sound amazing? Let Odoo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com


This fall. Watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu Plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59 point 99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms Apply.


Congratulations to the CU Buffalos 34 23 winners over the Cincinnati Bearcats. And for the first time since 2016, the Colorado buffalos are bold eligible. So you know what that means? We going bowling. Congratulations, Coach, Prime. And to cu the city did very, very deserving. I'm, but this is not the, this is the start now. Oh yeah. We're not, they're not satisfied with just winning six games. Right. We got that in our back pocket. So I'm gonna hold, I'm gonna be able to hold on it. Like if I'm playing blackjack, okay, I'll, I'm already up the money that I came to the table with, so now I'm gonna steal that away to make sure I don't lose that. See, that can't take these six wheels away from me right now.


Let me get greedy. I want sweepstakes. I want the Powerball, the mega million, the cash four. The fantasy and the cash three. Yeah, I'm greedy. You know what I'm saying? I'm greedy. I'm trying to get sweep stakes. And You know what, you know what makes it even better when you, what That, when you look at the landscape around college football and understanding players wanting to go to teams where you can get the exposure. Obviously IL money going from one in 11 or one in 12, whatever it may have been into having a turnaround this fast and improving a team this fast. What you think everybody gonna wanna come to? Yeah. What do you think everybody gonna wanna come to? Because they know, they know all the eyes are gonna be on Colorado. Yep. When Shado leaves, when Travis Hunter leaves, somebody gonna come in and fill those slots.


Yeah. They're gonna hit that portal and they're gonna wanna come there because they understand the eyes are gonna be on you. And if you perform the way you think you should perform, if you really him like you supposed to be him, you get it done. You are absolutely right. Again, CU 34, Cincinnati 23, they're bold, eligible for the first time since 2016. Congratulations, Coach Prime and your staff. Congratulations to the the players because it's you guys' getting it done. But the coaches did a great job of doing, putting you guys in position to make those plays and you guys are starting to execute. So the defense is definitely starting playing better, getting after the quarterback, making plays on the ball, getting their head around.


So congratulations to see you, your bowl eligible six and two, Steve Sar, Longhorn and Quinn Ewers bounced back from a tough loss against the Georgia Bulldog. They beat the number 25 Vanderbilt Commodore 27 24. And the SEC road debut Ewers Ewers shook off an early tip pass for an interception to complete 17 straight passes on his way to 288 yards and three touchdowns. Sarkeesian called this a culture and toughness win for his Longhorns. We knew it was going to take 60 minutes against the style of team. And again, it's always good to get a, a road win. Like I said before, that was a, that was a good football team. They weren't 25th in the country on accident.


Ask Alabama. Yeah. Yeah. Well I was just getting ready to say that. I was just getting ready to say that this is a Goodwin for Texas. Obviously Ewers had a, had a, had a good game. I I call it a decent game. Had a a decent game. Yeah. He had two picks. Yeah. Van Vanderbilt is much better than people they credit for. Obviously I know that, I know they are ranked, but what they were able to do with Alabama, if they were able to bounce back and have another, I don't, I'm I'm assuming it would've been, it would've been an upset. Oh, You'd be the number one team and now you'd be the number five team. But I think Texas they number five or number three? No, number five. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That, that, that, that would've, that would've been, that would've been, that would've been really, really good for their, for their program. But I'm, I'm glad you know Quinn Errors, yours, yours, you know, he needs to do, and they, they, they got a, they got a nice little gauntlet of of games coming up.


The next three they can, they're probably going to win, you know? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They got craft a little tough, the little tough stretch. Yeah. Well, the last game maybe Texas, Georgia, I mean they, Georgia you talking, oh, you talking about Vanderbilt or you talking about Texas? No, I'm talking about Texas. I'm talking about Texas. Their next three. Oh yeah. Their next three is, is very, very winnable. Florida, Arkansas, Kentucky. And then, you know, any, any Arkansas got Arkansas put yards up this, they had their third game there over 600 yards today with Joe. Yeah. Oh, they, they put, they, they, they put some yards up on you. You gotta be careful with 'em. Listen, we talk about Texas defense now. Yeah. They, they, they ain't no slouch. So I don't think you going I don't, I don't think, Where's this game at? Where's the Arkansas, Texas game at?


That's what's gonna be interesting. Yeah. Ar Arkansas look better than people think. Is That Arkansas? Ugh. Which is a tough place to play. Be tough. And the last thing you wanna do is turn the ball over early. Kind of. That's what got Texas, say Texas was up by 14 in the fourth quarter. Give Vanderbilt credit for not going away. This game was a lot closer than I think for Sarks. Likely they're five and two, two and five and three, two and two in the conference. Vanderbilt is much improved. Vanderbilt used to be the doormat. They have a very good baseball team. Yeah. Their baseball team is outstanding. Yeah, they're nice. But Texas go on the road.


Number five, Texas Longhorns go on the road, improve to seven and one as they take down the number 25. Vanderbilt Commodore. 27 24 O Joe, the number five Alabama Crimson tie at home Blanks. Mizzou number 21, Mizzou 34, nothing jam. Marriot Miller Rush for two touchdowns. And number 15, Alabama's defense had three interceptions. Missouri played most of the game without starting quarterback Brady Cook. Remember it was Brady Cook that left, went to the hospital, got an MRI. Yeah. Came back and led a, they were down, I think 14 led a come from behind victory last week. This week. There was no such magic in that body. And they get blank on the road in Birmingham or Tuscaloosa.


34. The nothing. Yeah. I mean, Alabama, Alabama needed that. I mean, they, they needed a team win. Just, I mean, it had to be, I wouldn't, I wouldn't use the word demoralizing. I I, I don't wanna say that, but when you're supposed to play teams, you're supposed to beat them on paper. You are much better. And to, and to lose, you know, to Vanderbilt, to be able to come back and, and respond this way against Missouri is, is a, is a, is a good thing. It is really a good thing. Well, the thing is Ojo is that Jaylen, Mel Monroe have to understand that team is not good enough to overcome his mistakes. Played a clean game today. He didn't turn it over. Right. You look at the Vanderbilt game, he turned it over. Yeah. You look at the Tennessee game, he turned it over.


This is a young defense. They're not good enough. This team is not equipped to come from and, and to, to overcome his mistakes. Right. He plays a clean game. They have an opportunity to win a lot of games, but when he turns it over, now you go and if you look at, a lot of times when he turns the ball over, he's taking points off the board. Remember last weekend in Tennessee, he threw an interception in the end zone. At worst case scenario, you're gonna get three maybe if you go. And you definitely don't wanna do it on first or second down because now you deny yourself third down to try to get the ball into the end zone. So I think that's the thing that he's gonna under need to understand. But I thought Kalin Debor did a great job of running the football today. 37 rush attempts, 271 yards.


Woo. Four touchdowns, eight k Hayes eight carries 79 yards. One touchdown, young three carries 63 yards mill row. 11 carries 50 yards. One touchdown. Jamer Miller 11 carries 48 yards. Two touchdowns law, one carry 21 yards. You see a theme here? Yeah. They're not asking Jaylen Mel rode to throw the ball 30 plus times. Right. That's not how Alabama not with him. Right. You could do that with Tua. You could do that with Bryce Young. He's not, he he he's not as efficient or proficient and throwing the football like those guys. Yes. With that being said, they had had to be feel good. I don't think Alabama has lost back to back games since 2013. So you gotta go back a long, long time.


Yeah. To find out what an Alabama team lost back to back game. That, that's the issue continues. Brother, brother Jalen Monroe. You see how they running the ball like that. They were able to run the ball efficiently today. And, and and what that also tells me is the coaches aren't trusting him because of the turnovers. They're taking the ball at his hands. Yeah. That they're taking the ball at his hands. And if he can fix that, if he can fix the turnovers and the mistakes and, and and protecting the ball, then it can, it can for him and the team itself. Open It up. Yeah. Playbook Exponentially. Because when you play better teams, well you're not gonna be able to run the ball like you like to because they're a little bit more styled up front and at the second level you're gonna have to throw it.


So they gonna have to trust you and put the ball in your hands. Right. Number one, Oregon Ducks, they routed the number 20 Illinois. I was fighting a line eye. Gabriel Dylan, Gabriel threw three touchdowns, ran for another. The top rank, Oregon remains undefeated. Gabriel finished 18 of 26, 2 91. Oregon's offense racked up 527 yards of total offense. Dylan and Gabriel also passed. Timmy Chang Chang has 17,072 on Yards career, PR yards. And now Gabriel has 17,000 230, 36. But the record is held by Case Keen 19,217.


Yeah. I don't think anybody, you're gonna have to probably be a fifth year senior maybe if it's a sixth year to break that. To break that. Yeah. Because, and if you're that good, you gone. So it's gonna take somebody that, that's not really, he's probably going be a later round draft pick or maybe a free agent to stay that long. Because anybody that can throw the ball that well right after three years when they can go pro outta 5,000. I'm outta this. Yeah. I'm outta this piece. I ain't no sense to me hanging around. But Oregon, look, Oregon looked good. They ran the ball 39 times.


221 yard, 229 yards with two touchdowns. And Chang Chang, Dylan Gabriel threw the ball. 18 of 26, 2 9 1 3 touchdowns with the one turnover. But you know, look, Oregon has always has speed. Yeah. They like to play in space. You know what I'm saying? If you go back and look at Chip Kelly and you look at his offense, they've always had guys, especially at the skill position that can run. Yeah. They've always had guys that can run ocho. They've had guys that can make plays this year is no different. The question is, they, they, they beat Ohio State, but when they go up against, if they play a Georgia, they play a Texas, they play a big physical football team, are they gonna, are they gonna be able to withstand that?


Yeah. That's what all count that interior? No, that's, that's not 200. That's, nah, Gabriel has 17,236. The record is 19,217. Mm. So no, he's about two. He's about 1900 yard. He is about a little over 1900 yard short. So basically he's about 2000 yard short of, of, of passing the record. And but do they count, do they count boas now? So they might, so he might have a chance. I mean, I don't know.


It's they hold on. What's their record? They're organ is eight and oh, the most games they'll play is 15. Right. So he's going to, he's gonna need to throw for some crazy 300 yards a game. A game. Yeah, Both. Both. Okay. So nah, because they get a buy. So if they're the number one, see, let's just say ocho, they get a buy. So you have like 14 to half, half buys and then you'll have eight teams that play for the opportunity to play those teams. Right. So it's gonna be, it's how many games they have left, because they'll have probably what four games left and then they'll have the, the, the Pac 12, the then the big, they're the big 10 of the pack to, what is it?


Big 10. Oh, they got four games left. Plus the Big 10 title. That's five. So they could, I mean theoretically they, he yeah. But, but still he'll still be seven games because if they win then they'll play the championship. So there's still a chance. So you're telling me there's a chance Ocho there's a chance. Yeah, there's a chance. But Oregon rolls 38 9 over Illinois to remain to, to remain undefeated. Joe Reed comes off the bench. Texas a and m takes down the number eight LSU Tigers 38 to 23 with Texas a and m down 10 points in the third quarter against LSU and looking the jump start their stagnant offense.


AGAs coach Mike Elco pulled quarterback Connor Wegman from Marcel Reed. The move paid off. Reed ran for three second half touchdown and become the only undefeated team in the SEC played. It was a litany of issue that we just felt we needed a spark and we pulled the trigger and went with Marcel. And what a spark he gave us. Elko said the Aggie picked off three Garrett nuMe passes after half to get the seventh straight victory after losing the Notre Dame and the opener, Reid said, we all had a chip on our shoulder. Reed said we didn't think they respected us coming into Kyle Field. So getting that spark in the second, second half and getting this team going, there was no going back from that at all.


I think this was the first time in the very long time that LSU had lost the game in which they had a double digit lead at halftime Mojo Nu Mile was 25 or 5,405 yards, two touchdowns, but the three costly turnovers and they didn't run the ball well at all. 23 rush attempts, 24 yards. So 75 plays and you only have 24 yards rushing because at one point they were up, they were up by 10. Yeah. Hey, you, you, you think with the way Texas a the way Texas a and m is playing, you think if they win out, you think they could sneak into the playoffs? Oh yeah, for sure. You think? You think so? Because Winning out means they're gonna win the SEC Yeah. Championship and SEC champion damn show going.


The Funny they have, that team is absolutely gonna, the college football playoffs, there's a great chance you're probably gonna have two teams from the SEC make it right. But they, they go, they go, they gonna surprise some people man. They gonna surprise some people. Marcel Reed. Yeah. They ran the ball 49 times. 242 yards. They didn't throw the ball that well. They were eight or 20 throwing the ball Ocho. He was two or two for 70 yards. The team was eight or twenty four hundred and thirty four yards. But 49 rush attempts for 2 42. I'm pretty sure Brian Kelly is not gonna like that. Nah.


When somebody's running the football and you know they're gonna run. They got a very, Reed is what? A sophomore. He's a freshman. I don't think he has a whole lot of experience and you know, they wanna run the football, you know, they don't wanna throw it and they can't throw it with any efficiency at all. And you can't stop them from, you can't make them throw it. That's the thing I'm gonna make you do what you don't wanna do. Do. Yeah. I mean, you wanna run the football. I ain't letting you run. I'm gonna make you throw it. You want to throw it, I'm gonna make you run it. Right. I'm, I'm gonna line up in a light box, play your nickel. I'm gonna force you to run it because see that's what I, that's what you, what you play Play Manning. I want you to run it. I want Tom Brady to run it right.


I trust the ball in the running back's hands more than I trust in your hands. Yours. Yeah. So if you wanna turn around and hand it to him, they can't beat me running the football. I know you two Sapsuckers can beat me through the football. So No, but give Texas and them credit. After that terrible loss at home to open the season against Notre Dame, they bounced back, rolled off seven straight victories. Remained the only undefeated team in the SEC with a perfect five and oh record. They win against the number eight LSU Tigers, 38 to 23. The number six Miami hurricanes remain unbeaten top in Florida State. 36 14 in the rivalry game. Cam Ward had a quiet night.


He passed for 208 yards, but he caught a touchdown. Damien Martinez ran for 148 yards and two touchdowns. Miami snapped a three game losing streak to the Semino Seminoles. Mario Crisal said it's critically important to us to go out there and beat this program and remain undefeated in the state of Florida. I think it sends a strong message. All, all strong message, all recruits in the state out of state cannot clearly see the trajectory of this program versus the trajectory of the other program in the state of Florida. Of the Talk Miami improved the four oh and instate games this season having beaten Florida. Florida a m South man. Don't put Florida a m down South Florida and Florida State.


Hey, What's up? I Like what Coach said though. Yeah, for sure. For all those, all the kids that are from Florida, go boy, we got some gangsters down there. We got some jets that know they could play ball. But the problem is it's all the talent as opposed in the nineties and the two thousands, all the talent from the inner city and from Miami, they leaving now they going everywhere else. They going all over the place. Yep. And now Alabama getting them Miami get, I mean Ohio State ocho Yeah. Schools, Alabama, Georgia, Ohio State. But you, you look how the program is turned around, you look what he's doing, you know that you're directing in which, in in which the way they're going.


Yep. The, U, The U is back. The U is back. Now obviously, I'm not sure what's gonna happen once Cam Ward is gone. But if you, as long as you have a quarterback in rotation that is good. You'll always be in contention in playing the way they playing right now. Yep. I agree. I agree.


The 2024 presidential election is here. MSNBC has the in-depth coverage and analysis you need. Our reporters are on the ground. Steve Kak is at the big board breaking down the races. Rachel Maddow and our decision 20 20 14 will provide inside its results. Come in and the next day morning Joe will give you perspective on what it all means for the future of our country. Watch coverage of the 2024 presidential election, Tuesday, November 5th on MSNBC.


What's Pop and Justin Jefferson here. Football is a lot of explosions, a lot of energy and attitude. It's a whole different vibe with these open ear buds. It's like you're in the moment, but also You can hear everything around you. You can be Involved. To have good sound. and to be so light on your ear means a lot to me. Putting that music into my ears. You. feel good enough to go out there and play You. turn on that switch. no one can stop you. For more. check out Bose dot com.


Thursday night football is on and it's only on Prime. Video This Thursday. It's a Halloween treat as the Houston Texans visit the New York Jets. Join Al, Michaels Kirk, Herbst Streete and Kaley Hartung for this exciting matchup. You know the cool part about this game when they faced off in 2019, Robert Sala was the defensive coordinator and his linebacker coach was Dko Ryans. So these guys know each other well to good looking bald guys. Can't wait for this matchup. Coverage begins at 7:00 PM Eastern with football's best party. TNF tonight Live from New York. not a Prime member. Not a problem. Simply sign up for a 30 day free trial and you cancel it any time. It's the Texans and Jets at 7:00 PM Eastern on Thursday night football. And it's on Prime Video restrictions apply. See amazon.com/amazon Prime for details.


ODU is business management made so simple. A kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But Odoo, funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use Odoo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now at Odoo dot com. That's Odoo dot com.


Good job, Thanks


This fall watch all your live TV on Hulu plus live tv. Watch your favorite sports, local channels, news, and tons of must watch shows. You'll also get access to Hulu's entire streaming library with Disney Plus and ESPN Plus included as a special offer. You can get Hulu plus live TV now for just 59 point 99 per month for three months. Don't wait. Get Hulu plus live TV today ends 11 19 24 Hulu with ads plus live TV plan only 59.99 per month for three months, then 82 99 per month. Or then current regular monthly price access content from each service separately. Eligibility restrictions and terms apply.


Earl Little Jr that, that's Earl Earl Little from played the Steelers. He A brown Earl Little. Yeah, I think so. Oh, that's live. Goddamn damn Earl. Hey Earl, if you watch it, boy, I love you boy. He was a db, wasn't he? Nah, Earl played safety boy man. Earl used to be. You do realize DB is safety, right? Yeah. Now we no db. Listen, let, let's, let's, let's come on now. DB is DB defensive backs. Now if you stay safety or strong safety, Earl Earl. Earl played I think free or strong What? One of 'em, Which is a defensive back. No. What position did Eric Reed play? Re yeah, air is a free safety. So what, what is that classified as A free safety Db Defensive back?


No, when I, when I say when, when we say defensive backs, okay. Cornerback. Yeah. Any, any secondary is considered a defensive back. No safety, free safety, strong safety cornerback. All of those are considered defensive backs. I I I don't like that, but I I like it. I I, you know, I'm gonna let you have that one. I'm gonna let you have that one. I'm, I'm gonna let you Have that change. Damn, Earl. Hey Chad. Y'all see him? He just wanna argue just for the sake. I ain't argue. I'm just you, you got him. I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna let you have it, baby. I'm gonna let you have, let you have it. Chad, what do y'all call it? Defense. What do y'all call, what is defensive back Is safety included as a db? The fir. When someone says db, the first thing you think about is a cornerback though. I think about, I think a corner safety.


Nah, that's the only two. That's the only thing. It could be When, when, when someone says db, the first thing for a football person, a football mind like myself, I think a cornerback. That's it. Now, if we talk about safety, someone says a safety, a free safety, they don't say db. So if I say back, so if I say backer, so you, what you thinking about, you thinking about Mike? So you say If you think, if you say backer, I'm thinking about this. I'm, I'm thinking about the mic. So What, so what is TJ wa what is Michael Parsons? Dn? dn Michael Par. TJ Waters a linebacker. They play a free four. His hand is in the ground, man. He's a dn.


He's a 34 backer. I understand what you're saying. I understand that the, the terminology you're talking about, but once yes, touches the ground, you are a ding. Even if you're in a three four. Oh y'all y you being, you being a little too technical. No, no. If you in a three, the D end and the three-four is what JJ Watt played, which is a five technique. Well, okay. All right. So A seven T A seven technique. Okay, you got seven and a 4, 3, 7, 9. A seven and a nine, nine. You got, okay, you got a cowboy front, right? You got a, you got a wide knot. Well we can call it wide knot. We can call that a cowboy because he kind of outside eye, right? We can go seven front, which is head up, right? You go five with is shade.


Yeah. On the, on the, on the tackle shoulder. That's what we call, that's what we, You you trying, you, you, you complicate you complicating things. It, it don't have to be that complicated t IAnd I'm saying. So lemme ask you a question. What position did Lt, what position did LT and Derrick Thomas play? Derrick Thomas was the defensive end. Derrick Thomas who was the linebacker. Hey, no, his hand is, once your hand touches the ground being a linebacker's out the door, it's out the door. Yeah. If you say that. But here's the thing, Ocho, but he's standing up on first and second down. He go, his hand goes down when he goes to third down. You know what? Now that I think about it sometime, you know what, Hey, hey, why is that?


'cause he wants rush crap. It ain't no bones about it that he ain't, he drop it. I don't, I I you under no illusion because if he's standing up, he could rush or he can drop in coverage. Right. Are you thinking some defense in some defenses, in some schemes, they force the DM to put his hand down as opposed to standing up the way. Derrick Thomas and, and, and, and Lawrence Taylor used to do sometimes. Well here's the thing. You get a better start of the ball. 'cause when you starting the 40, what you do, your hands on the ground, right? Okay. Okay, okay, okay. Okay. Okay. So if you could start and start of having to jump down to go right. You Already, you go, you already low. Yeah. Right. So the Miami hurricanes, the number six Miami hurricanes run rough shot over the Florida state Seminoles 36 14.


Nor What Happened? He might be in trouble. Who, but they just gave him that big old contract. So he might be safe for another year. Florida State head coach. I mean, you never, I mean this the first, I mean he went undefeated then got blown out 63 to six and now he's won in seven. He signed a big contract after LA after that. What you call him. So he might be safe, but boy, them boosters are not happy with him. What, what, what? You gotta look at the landscape of Florida State now. Most of the players were gone. Most of, most of the players, most of the players were gone. Well, Florida State did take their money back. Did they? So DI wouldn't hear that.


Right. I wouldn't have done of that. I need to get that L Joe a cryptic Jordan Addison social media posts, prompt speculation. He wants to be traded. He said what year receiver posted a photo of himself in a uniform of Instagram with the caption free three for the current generation that knows that certain things will be interpreted. I mean, listen, when, when, when we say free anything, we already know what that means. That means you're in solitude. That means you, you, you, you, you locked up in, in some type of institution of some sort. And when you say he lucky With two DUIs, he absolutely right. He not locked up. He right, he absolutely right. You know what I didn't mean. I didn't, I didn't mean to lead into that, that I wasn't even trying to lead into.


I know you didn't. But he needs to think about that. Right? Because Minnesota stuck by him with that on his resume. I mean, back to back. See, I, I forgot all about that situation. I, I don't, I don't like when players are unhappy, man. I don't like when players are unhappy and they, and they, and they say stuff like that, unc, because you never understand what can happen because you go to a situation that's really not, that's really not for you. That's really not for you. If you have, if you have issue with getting the ball, you go talk to the officer coordinator, talk to your head coach. No. So you want him, so, so in other words, you want to target that g to get that you Have, you don't have to get the targets that Jesu gets, but at least make me feel like I'm a part of the program.


At least make me feel like I'm a part of the offense. You know? He started a season, he wasn't there to start the season, right? Yes, sir. He just wants some production. Huh? He just wants some production. That's all. Oh, Joe, The guy in second year, it's O Joe. He's only been there like three games. Damn. So he think he's supposed to have like 40 targets and 32 catches. You gotta under, you gotta understand how you feel. Unc you know, I'm here. I wasn't here at the start of the season, but I'm here now. I would like, I would like to help us continue to win. And plus, and they're doing a lot of this with no hawkinson. So what you think it's gonna look like when, when they got, when they got Jefferson and Hawkinson is there? Yeah.


And this, listen, the fact that Hawkinson isn't there, that means some of this target should be there. And so you just, you kind of, kind of proving them, proving what he's saying. Right. And the only time you say free anything, especially if you're a football player or basketball player, is because your lack of targets, your lack of opportunities. And you know as hell, Man, get man, they bro, bro, sit down. Yeah. You not Jerry Rice, you not Randy. Now, if you was one of those guys, if you owe, if you are a a, a Tyre or you chase you one of those top black guy, you are number two. Yeah, he's a number two. I don't know what he could be somewhere else. I know what he is in Minnesota. That's not nice, huh? I'm just being real with him. I'm keeping real with you. Yeah, yeah. I, I understand.


I understand. But you, you ain't, you ain't had to see it like that. The man just wanna be part of the offense, baby. That's all he part Of it. Give him like six targets a game. Oh, he, he out there. That's but it's cardio. It's cardio. Oh, Joe, How many, many targets you think you, how many targets you think you gonna get? How many targets you think you gonna get when you got a guy like Jetta who has more receiving yards, more catches in, in, in this timeframe than any other receiver in history? Yeah. So how many targets you think you gonna get? A, I, I don't know boy, that that's tough You under, but you understand the situation Ocho. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Especially You have, I mean, when you, when you go, I mean, when you playing next to Jerry in his prime, you thought you were gonna get the same amount of targets as Jerry, right?


Right. You were the same amount of targets as fit. You would get the same amount of targets as Sterling Sharp or Chris Carter or any number one. The number two actually thought, when did the number two think he was gonna get the same billing? Right. There's a reason why they say Star and CoStar. Right? They don't say Star Star, they say Star CoStar. Right. Right. Actor in a lead role, actor in a supporting role. Yeah. There's a reason why they title it as such. Yeah, you Right. Copilot You. Right. I just, I just feel bad for him, you know, then lost, they done lost the last two games and you know, I I I think he probably feels well, hell, you know, I can help, I can do So you do they five and two.


Yeah. And he complaining. So in other words, so I just told you, I just told you what it was. I just, I just want to help. I I think I can help us get us. I We wouldn't Go ahead. Go ahead, ahead. I'm gonna let you finish the up. I'm gonna Let you finish the thought. I I was just saying, you, you, you know what it is. You know people in the chat that, that did know about the quote that know about it. Now you know what it is. I Yes, yes. You are five and two, but you lost your last two games. I'm not sure what his stat line those last two games are, but I guarantee you he feels he could have helped change the narrative, the narrative on them being five and two. That's all. He just, Let's just say for the sake of argument, I agree with you.


Let's just say for the sake of argument, Ocho you know what? You Right, right. He could've probably helped him. Now tell me how this tweet helps. Oh, it don't help at all, but you, you know what it do you know what it, do you know what something like that do to management When you have somebody like Jettas already, it expedite the process of what you want. Be careful what you Wish for. Hey, listen, it can expedite the process of what you want. You wanna be free sometimes you gotta be careful what you, as for now, you gotta be careful what you as for 'cause they will Yes. On now when, when the trade deadline. November 5th, a week from Tuesday. Alright. You got, you got you. You gotta be careful. You gotta be careful before you hit that, before you imagine Him. Hey Carolina, what y'all got?


Oh, oh, don't, oh that's, Hey Carolina, give us a second. Give us a second round pick. Yeah. You, you know, Then whatcha gonna say to, whatcha gonna say to you, Yeah, you right. The devil you know is better than the one you don't. Yeah. And this, this is a good lesson too. This is a good lesson. This is for everybody in the chat that has social media and then Instagrams and, and, and Twitter before you make rational emotional decisions. Think about it. Before you hit sin, think about it before you hit sin. You know that go, that, that go, that go for everybody.


And I know you probably watching too, it go for your ass too, But dealing with the situation that he was dealing with. Yeah. Why didn't you, why didn't you tweet that then free me. Oh, see, he don't think he see, he didn't think about that video joke. That's Fucked up. No. See see he doesn't look at it right. From their point of view. Right. They st with him not after one, after two in a short period of time. Less than a year. Right. They ain't say, you know what, wash Shaheem now he go two games.


Yeah. He don't get 15 targets now free, free three. I mean, I wish guy, I mean, honestly no ojo real talk though. Sometimes I wish guys thought about it like you said before you hit sin. Think about that man. Yeah man, I was just in a rest, a messed up situation and they stuck with me. Mm. Yeah. He probably, he probably, I'm, I'm, you know what, I'm a, I'm a, I, you know what? I might be feeling some type of way, but they stuck with me when they didn't have to. Yeah. But people see, a lot of times we talk about this OCHO only when only when things going your way. Yeah.


He, he ain't even think about what he had put them through. Right. All I'm thinking about is be ocho let me get me, me, gimme me. That's a good one. And I, I I I and I, and I hate, I hate, I hate that for guys because a lot of times you gotta think about what you've done. What you've done. Yeah. But hey, I hope it works out for 'em. If you don't want to be there, if they can find something to accommodate him, Hey, accommodating. You gotta be careful though, man. You gotta think before you hit sin. People you gotta think, I mean, I mean what So T Higgins, Hey man free T free free free.


One five you Five free five, Five. Okay. Yeah. What? Hold on. What? Do you understand who one on the other side? Yeah. Just like you playing opposite of 18. Yeah. See they, that's, that's, that's, that's different over there. 'cause they, Joe is a facilitator of the ball, you know, so t getting his touches, he, you know, you know what's funny now that I think about it now that you just use that as a hypothetical that goddamn Joe Burrow get the ball to goddamn everybody. Yeah. He, they do a, they do a good job. I'm, I'm Zach Taylor does a good job at getting the ball where everybody feels comfortable and everybody feels a part of the offense.


You know, they had these special plays for Chase, right? They had these special plays for Tee. Yes. Thing that each being that both, that both of 'em play receiver. They have different strengths and they have different beat. How many, how many can we find out how many targets, how many games has he played? Addison played. So how many targets he got and how many catchers he have? I, Boy, I but see here's the thing. Fans, the organization doesn't look favorable on people that complain. Yeah. When you are winning. Yeah. Because now you're telling me it's more about, it's not about winning, it's about your numbers. Right. 'cause you're winning.


Yeah. Dang. So in a, in 22 games, Ocho, he has a hundred, how many? 131 targets, 84 catches. Hold on. We, we bring up How many targets this year? Hold On, hold on. We bring up his, we bringing up his stats. The totality of the mall? No, We Finn to go this year. We finn to get this year. Okay. Okay. But, But you, but you see what happens is when you are winning and you start to complain about catches, that's when it turns a a negative light on you because you don't care about winning because you are, you care about your numbers. And see that's what I tell guys. Oh guys always, well I just wanna win. No, you wanna win what you want to get 10, four buck 52 touchdowns in the win.


Right? Right, right, right, right. And if you don't win, you'll take nine for 130 in a touchdown. You don't want five for 50 in a win. You'd rather have nine for a buck 30 in a touchdown and a loss. Right? Yeah. You know, you gotta understand, you know when it, he Got, he's aging about five targets a game mojo. He has 23 targets. He's only played five games though. So, you know, I think they, what what they played seven, I think they played seven games so he missed the first two. Right. And so he's averaging about five targets a game. He has 14 catches, which is, you know, le little less than three targets, three catches a game.


Dang. I just don't, like I said, it's just, it's just, it's just not a good look. Yeah. When you're win ocho, if they were two and five, he'd have a legitimate right? You one and six, you got a legitimate right. Right. But Not in five and two. No. Hell no. Who gonna empathize for him? Who gonna say, man, you know what? You right. You right Jordan, you right Jay. A three, whatever they call whatever name he goes by the locker room. You know what three you right? Yeah. Fans looking at him like, and, and, and, and O'Connell looking at it like, bro, are you, you high? Yeah. Receiver coach, his teammates looking at it.


You right Bro. These guys did


The, Volume, Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back. Score Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


You wake up, put on your Ray Band Meta glasses, you are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey Meta, how do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey Meta, play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey Meta, call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey Meta, to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at Meta dot com slash smart glasses.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved.


The iHeartRadio Music Festival was a blast and Hyundai's ev lineup was there for every moment in Vegas, Hyundai took VIPs to the Speedway to test drive the 601 horsepower ionic five n. On Friday, the EV sessions winner was announced. Hyundai's music contest on TikTok the Twist. Their performances were all powered by the all electric Hyundai Ionic five. How cool is that? And after the show, fans got to check out the Hyundai dance floor at House of Music. Thanks again to Hyundai's amazing ev lineup. Learn more@hyundaiusa.com or call 5 6 2 3 1 4 4 6 0 3.