
Apple Card is the perfect card for your holiday shopping. When you use Apple Card on your iPhone, you'll earn Up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase, including products at Apple, like a new iPhone 16 or Apple Watch Ultra. Apply now in the wallet app on your iPhone subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA Salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecard.com.


Black Friday football on Prime is back This week. the Raiders and the Chiefs into the end zone. Unbelievable Catch, an old school rivalry for a new game day firing stream for free. Only on Prime Great move Black Friday Football Raiders versus Chiefs kickoff at three. PM Eastern Pregame at one 30. PM Friday only on prime restrictions. Apply c amazon.com/watch. Black Friday Football For details.


When you choose to earn your degree online from Southern New Hampshire University, you're saying yes to new opportunities and to new adventures. You're saying yes to something big, something you've always wanted to do. If earning your degree is one of your goals, this new year, SNHU can help you get there. With low online tuition, no set class times and multiple term starts per year, you can set the pace that works for you and save money along the way. Visit ssu.edu today to get started.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit Purina dot com slash purple to get involved


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Juan's, ah, as he drifts away to Nirvana after only the first chapter is different to Maya's when she discovered the narrator was in fact the evil twin, which is also different to Noah's aw, anytime the cute cyberpunk is mentioned. Even though in reality he'd be totally out of his league from to to aw. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits


The Volume. The Emirates NBA cup is here you can win big. Getting in on the action at DraftKings Sports book, an official sports betting partner of the NBA. All 30 teams split into six groups every Tuesday and Friday playing for the right to advance into a single elimination in season tournament, culminating in the NBA Cup Championship in Las Vegas. First time, here's something special for you. New Draftking customers bet $5 to get 150 in bonus bets if your bet wins. Score big with Draft King Sports book. Every point counts. Download the DraftKings Sports Book app. Use code money moves. That's code money. Move for new customers to get 150 in bonus bet if your bet wins when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk eng.com/promos for deposit wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Ashton Genty, he runs all over Oregon State. He had 37 carries, 226 yards and a touchdown. Oh, Joe, he he's impress. Look, I don't want people to think that. I don't think the kid is impressive, but we've seen 2000 yards rushing before. Yeah, we've seen Troy Davis did it twice. Troy Davis did it twice. Marcus sell was the first to do it in his Heisman trophy season when he went over 2019 81. Yeah, Melvin Gordon has done it. LaDanian Thomason has done it. Troy Smith has done it. So we've seen a lot of guys. Barry did it. Obviously. Barry, I still believe, I don't care if, if, if Genty breaks his record. I think what I saw Barry do is the most impressive thing that I've seen.


That's the most impressive college running back season that I've ever seen. Right. But we've never seen Travis Hunter. And it might be he's a Haley's comedy type of a person. Every once, every 75, 79 years you see it. You just, hopefully you're old enough to see it. Right. And remember it because the likelihood, if you, if you saw it once, you probably won't see it again. Not for a while. Now. I saw Halley's comment the first time in 1986. I don't know if I'm gonna be around to see it. 'cause 75 to 79 years, 86 i It ain't looking good, don't you? It ain't looking, it ain't looking good for the home team. So, so, but look, I mean he is had a phenomenal season.


Oh yeah. What I don I don't even think he's at 300 carries yet. I don't think he's at 300 Carries. And he is at 2 2 8 6 2,286 yards. What's he at? 2 95. 2 72. And how many carries he has? He had, he had 37 today or 2 75 plus 37. 2 3 1 3 17 is say 2 75 plus 37.


Yeah. Should be three 17. Oh, you you wanna check with the calculator? I be, I beat you too. She over here with a calculator talking like Yeah, I got it. I'm like, so three 17 I think the year Barry with Barry had, how many Barry had 3 95? Nah, I think what you call him had three ninety five. I don't think, did Barry have that many? I think Derrick Henry had 3 95 the year that he went over 2000. Bear had 3 44. So he's going to need, I don't know, he ain't getting 340 yards in, in 20, in 20 in 28 carries on Joe.


That ain't happening. Mean Unless they move out the way and let him run. That's about the only chance. Right. No I Don't see it. Man. Both, both them boys had unbelievable seasons though. They they did. They did. They absolutely did. Unbelievable. We, we, we just haven't seen anything like Trav. We've seen people like him in a sense, but not to the amount of amount of reps snaps. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. He's over hundred snap every game On both sides of the ball. Consistent. We ain't seen nothing like that. Three 12, well you say 3 75 and 37.


Yeah. 12. Wait, you say three 17? Yeah. Ocho Yeah. A tweet went viral yesterday and it said my cousin wife girlfriend is in granny kitchen barefooted. What's the etiquette if you're visiting the family and not of the culture? Well, listen, if you're not of the culture, obviously some people's houses, you know, you gotta leave your, you gotta leave your shoes, you gotta leave your shoes at the door. You gotta leave your shoes at the door. Now I just understand, I went somewhere yesterday where I had the, everybody when you walk to the door before I even ring the doorbell, everybody's shoes was lined up outside. So that let me know shoes off. So I'm not sure when it, when it come to us and then they, even black folk, they don't play by they rug, huh?


Right. They don't play by they rug don't come in here outside shoes on. Yeah. So now I Gotta understand you got little booties. I got those little booties that they have on at the hospital. Okay. Yeah. That's risk. That's risk folk stuff there. If you got the booties where you, where you would, you step your, you step your whole foot in and it wrap, it wrapped the the Yeah. That's risk folk stuff. Everybody ain't nah, I don. It ain't got the wrap. You just little, little blue ones or you just put 'em, stick your put in the Yep. Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. I understand. But, but that, that's etiquette. Everybody knows it's etiquette. You have to read the room and understanding where you're going and what type of people you're going to be around based on ethnicity and knowing what they do. All you have to do is look around whatever you see everybody else doing, you follow up soup.


Yeah. It's Pretty easy. It, it ain't hard. Hell, I mean, hell, I'm surprised they let her in the kitchen. That's, that's first, that's the Well, Especially if the, if the food already done, she could be in the kitchen. If the food ain't done now, you know, you ain't got no business in there. Don't get your ass in the way. Like when my grandma's cooking, ain't nobody in the kitchen with my granny. Oh no. Oh no. They don't play that. Yeah. So I, look, I I don't what's etiquette? I'm just saying how, how we was raised. My grandmother was in the kitchen. Unless my grandmother asked my aunts to come into the kitchen, that was the only time they were in the kitchen. Right. But there was nobody, nobody from the outside. Not my uncle's wives.


Not somebody, you know, my, my grandfather friends, their wives, nobody was in my granny's kitchen. So this is this, I mean, hey, I guess this is the new thing now I'm just saying how we grew up. Right. That wasn't happening. So to each of, to each his own. Mary, Mary port ain't play that. My grandma didn't want all them people pot hands and no pot mixing and touching. No, no, no, no, no, no. So It's all, I think the thing is like, look, the mere fact that they're louder in the kitchen that got like, okay. I mean at what point in time did y'all see her taking her shoes off?


Like, no baby, we don't do that. You gotta you gotta understand Read, read the room because Everybody, everybody, everybody, every, every culture isn't like Ours. Nah. I mean, you touch one thing. My grandma washing her hands. She ain't, she ain't doing this and then go touch it. No. She gonna wash her hands and then and touch something else. Right. And constantly do she she back and forth. Right. So I don't, like I said, I, I don't regulate other people's houses, but I just know my grandmother was very, very meticulous about when she's in the kitchen. And I don't remember to the best of my recollection and my recollection is good. Ain't nobody, wasn't nobody in the kitchen helping granny do nothing.


Every once in a while she would have my aunts come in and say, well I need y'all to chop this up or I need y'all to do this. But it definitely wasn't somebody from the outside. It wasn't my uncle's wives. It wasn't my, my grandfather's friends, their wives Mary report ain't play that. She didn't play that. Right. And my grandmother was very predictive. My grandmother eat at people house. Me and my brother be hungry. Tell me y'all want something. No ma'am. Hungry than a mug. Go choke. Right, right. I wanna see, we already done got breathed. Don't ask for nothing. For Nothing. Don't eat. I remember That. Don't you not eating at nobody's house. What? Okay. Because you know, back then it wasn't a why your grandparents told you how to feel.


Right. And that's it. You not Hungry. You know what, we ain't eating a day and a half. You right. I ain't hungry. I I hungry. They they got hot food. They got fried chicken, they fried fish. They cooking something about you. You right granny. I ain't even hungry. Yeah. I don't even, I don't even know what, what me and Span was thinking about, talking about we wanted to eat at these people house. They ain't, they ain't so They, that didn't hurt. Hey boy, that didn't hurt. You know what, it didn't hurt. I slammed my hand in the door. You right. It didn't hurt Granny papa. It did hurt. It did hurt. But like I said, he said my cousin white girlfriend is in Granny's kitchen barefoot, bro. Y'all got aid. Let her know.


She Know Susan, Katie, that's not how we do things here. Can you please put your shoes back on? She was, 'cause she comfortable. She comfortable. Ain't no she know. She definitely know they ain't nobody new. You get honest. Ashley, can you put your shoes Ocho? Okay. What's the debate? Sweet potato pie and pumpkin pie. No. Are they the same? Yeah. None ain't the same. What? You know, sweet potato pie is a delicacy. And the mere fact that they said pumpkin lets you know it's pumpkin. Yeah. Don't nobody say not no black person say pumpkin. Yeah, it's pumpkin pie. Yeah. So you already, And I don't like pumpkin. I like sweet potato.


Right. Sweet potato pie. Man. It's a delicate especially on, on, on, on Thanksgiving. Ain't nothing like it. No. Ain't nothing like it. And that's no disrespect to those that who like pumpkin pie. But it doesn't even compare. No, there are different tier when it comes to desserts, you know tier one, that's what sweet potato pie is. Yeah. Pumpkin pie is somewhere maybe tier three, somewhere, you know, down at tier three. I can do, if I don't eat p if I don't eat pumpkin pie again, like the only time we got pumpkin pie growing up was at school. Yeah. I, I don't remember ever going, I don't remember ever going to church because the only time, you know, you got went to a function or something, you know, you have four Sunday dinner or you had to repas and they had food at a, at a funeral or something like that.


Yeah. But I can honestly say Ocho, I don't ever remember seeing a pumpkin pie at, at someone's house, at church or anything like that. The only time you got pumpkin pie was at school. Yeah, that is. And they gave, you know, they gave you that little old small ass piece of peace. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But sweet pie that that's not even, that's not even a, in a discussion, you know? Yeah. Come On man. For me bucket pie one probably I take apple, I take apple number two. Ooh. I, nah, that's, that's a good one, man. You know I'm a, I'm gonna throw butter pecan pie in there too now. A little bit. I would, yeah, I would take, I would definitely take pecan, pecan pecan pie. Even though, even though you look, you got diabetes, you might as well go and get your shot of insulin soon as you eat a slice.


But I'm gonna take that over Punky. Right. That's, that's just me. I mean, some people say, well what I like pumpkin pie and stuff like that, but no, no. So I think sweet potato pie potato. What y'all got sweet potato? Yeah. Yeah. Hell no. Like I said, pecan would be number one, be number two for me. Pumpkin, it'd be sweet potato. It would be apple, it would be pecan, it would be pumpkin. Hell. I take a cobbler, I take a peach cobbler. Oh hell. I if you notice I'm keep pushing. I keep pushing Pung pie Down, down. Yeah. Hey, as a matter of fact, give me some banana pudding.


Do I, do I push ping pie even further down, don't you? Peach cobbler is the real deal to me. Peach cobbler might. Peach cobbler might be young too. Might Be. Hey, depending, Depending on who make it now that's important as well. Now we, we naming all this stuff now, depending on who makes it, that can vary where they're ranked. I won It need to be somebody that, that that got the grand that got that thing hanging by. Right? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Hang it. You already know what time I don. You already know what time I don want it Know. And they need to have a April on too. How you doing? They They got, if they ain't got that thing when they do that, that thing waving I don. Yeah. Your food ain't even good.


Hey, how you doing? I just, I just got, I just got a text that your, your your, your your your your good sister is is watching the show, you know, from the airport right now. Oh is She? Yeah. Yeah. You my niece watching the show. Well they do Twin safe travels. Safe travel Mama. I ain't even gonna say your name. We know who you talking about. Don't nobody know that but me and you Word. Everybody know who you talking about. Yeah.


Everybody know. Look now they don't know. But everybody, it wasn't nobody had no thin young grandmas back when we growing up on your everybody grandma and they look like grandmas. They had gray hair, everything on yet. Why you think they call him Big mama? Yeah, They call him Big Mama for a reason. I was thinking about the ocho we've been calling, my grandma was in enough forties, everybody called her granny. But you know, back then my great-grandma was alive. My great grand granny's mama was alive. So she was Grandma Lou. And then we called Granny Granny and then my other, my dad's mom, we called her Grandma Charlie. Yeah. And that wasn't her real name. Her name was Minnie. But I don't know how she got the name.


Charlie. My grandfather started calling her Charlie. So my dad and them called her Charlie. They didn't call her mama, they called her Charlie. So we just automatically assumed since it was Charlie was a name, it was grandma Charlie. But you are right Ocho. All the gran, all the grandmas was, was, was heavyset because you what chef? You see skinny because if you skinny, you ain't eating your food. You got to taste it all. Yeah. Oh yeah. Most definitely. And you done add sugar, you don't add fat back. You like all that grease, man, come on now.


Oh yeah, dude, say 40 look different back then. You absolutely right. Yeah. These 40 A, these 40 a man, they got some 60, 70 old. They about, oh, I'm 70. Better not let me catch your 73-year-old asshole payday. Somebody said they had grown. My name was Charlie May. Yeah. I was like, man, Ocho the internet once again was in an uproar because I had teddy bear at the table. His dog was at the table for Thanksgiving. Why you laughing though, chip man, you don't.


Oh though. I owe 75. What though? Let me catch your what? 73. You better let me catch your payday. Hey, you better let one, the old YouTube checks hit. Hey man, I saw one the other day, man. I thought about it. I'm like, who? Find out, Boy, you got, you got Me crying. Yeah. I'm like, That's the first thing you got. Like, okay, it's different now because you know, like, damn, please.


Hey, that little got little got a little YouTube money Ocho. Hey, hey, let me go and get you a refrigerator or something. Microwave. I get a, I get one of more new stove. One of more stove. One more push button stone. Don't Joe. And why y'all, I why they get so, why they get so upset at me about my dog? I mean, my dogs ain't bothering nobody. Shit.


Yeah babe. Yeah. Nah. Oh, so I, I'm, I'm out. I'm outta of luck. O till them YouTube checks don't normally come till like the 15th, 16th. So hey, But that was a good whenever. Boy. I needed that laugh for What you think ocho do. People are, are the people overreacting? Ocho? I mean, nah. I mean listen man, you listen, everybody's different. Everybody treats, treats their animals treats those that they love. Especially when it comes to dogs and man's best friend. Everybody treats 'em different. You know, some have 'em at the table, some have 'em, have 'em on walks, some have take 'em on a plane, you know? Yeah. Hers dogs. You just happen to have yours always with you. Especially in an intimate moment like that in prayer before Thanksgiving.


Nothing. There's nothing wrong with it. Everybody views it different, especially when it comes to dogs. So it's, So I'm just trying to So, let me get this straight. Y'all think I would spend the kind of money I spend to fly the dog private? Think about that. Now Ocho think about it. Think about this, right? I spend money to fly the dog private on a private plane. Me the dog Jordan, and two pilots and a flight attendant. Right? But, and I know y'all don't really understand, but just go look up the price of what it costs to fly private. And y'all think what? I think I thought I've made it abundantly clear how I feel about my, my animals.


I thought I made it ab abundantly clear. I don't look at them as dogs. I look at them as family. I treat them as such, right? The best care. I mean, there ain't nothing to me. I mean, when, when, when all of them, when talk man got sick, I spent probably 30,000 in two days. And they just told me, said, well, Mr. Sharp, there ain't nothing we can do. Yeah. I said he's gonna be, he's gonna be paralyzed. And he's too for me, Ocho he was too big. Now, small do you can have one of little character, you know, carousel in his, in hin and legs in it. But he's 170 pounds. I mean, that's why I work. 'cause I, I, I love animals. I, I grew up on a farm and I've always said, man, if I got me some money, I really want, I want a ra.


My favorite pet. I wanna racoon. Hey raccoon, I want a raccoon. Bad. Hey, raccoon's cool as hell. I want a raccoon so bad. I want a mini. I want a mini goat. A mini horse. I want a whole bunch of it. I do, man. I do. I I want, I want that so bad, right, man. Oh, well. I'm gonna get one too. I'm gonna get me a little mini. Can they have, can we have The mini horse, Mini horse of mini goats? Little mini and them little mini goats be so funny. Hey, jump Damn thing. Take me, take my goat.


Take my goat horse. Like they did that little squirrel, man. I act a fool. Oh man, I, I felt bad for buddy, man. I feel bad. The dude I know that I know that had to hurt. Especially having, having a, having a squirrel domesticated like that, you know? Yes. Understanding. You know what to do. Ooh. That had to hurt Anybody that's ever had a pet any significant amount of time. Right. And they lose that pet. It's like losing a family member. Yeah. Anybody that's ne anybody that tells you otherwise has never had a pet. Pet. Exactly. Ain't no way. Ain't no way. You can have something in your life or a period of time you grow a cat.


Because when you come home, there is no excitement. Like when your animal sees you. Yeah. Nothing. That tail is wagging. He's spinning round. He or she is spinning Round and round. They're going crazy when you sitting there. They're just like, I mean, and Titus all my dogs just like, they keep bing my arm. It's like pet. But you see me right here? Dang. Yeah. Hey, bad please. Oh yeah. I want a little mini cow too. Yeah. You see those little mini cows? So I get a mini cow, mini goat, mini horse. The mini Cow too lazy. I like the mini goats. 'cause they bounce. They be bouncing on everything. Them just Be all over the place. All over the place. They do. They be all over the place. Ocho.


Okay. Bacon lovers. Let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich smokey flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen.


Tired of tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping in the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. Why are you sleeping? Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar


Attention. Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest, and quickest spikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets Guardian Bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank. And are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes. No code needed. Plus get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding


Blinds.com. Cyber Monday Sales Event is happening now. Get some of the best deals of the season with Up to 50% offsite wide. Plus a free professional measure. Avoid the home renovation overwhelm. Swapping out old blinds for custom window coverings, delivers big results. And blinds.com makes it easy and affordable. Skip the long lines or waiting around at home all day just to get a quote with blinds.com. Shopping online doesn't mean sacrificing quality, style or service. A blinds.com design expert can help you make the perfect selection. We can even handle everything from measure to install. Get your whole home installed for one low cost With over 25 million windows. Covered blinds.com is the number one online retailer of custom window coverings. Shop blinds.com Cyber Monday Sales Event today. For some of the best deals of the season, save Up to 50% Sitewide plus premium Doorbusters and a free professional measure Up to 50% off@blinds.com Rules and restrictions may apply.


Hey guys, it's Matt Jones. Drew Franklin from the Fade. This podcast, we got a great episode coming up. Picks in all the sports, football, basketball. We do 'em all. But here's a preview of this week's episode. I'm the Cowboys. I mean, they're already a circus. They need to fix their, the sun coming in their window before they start worrying about The, I like how Jerry was like, what do you want me to do about Sun Sun's just up there ain. I ain't like I can do nothing about it. It's just up there. It's Just your son. What are you supposed to do? He, there's a moon too. And His sun's up there. You think that ain't gonna be his son. And then they're like, well why don't you, you know, put up a curtain. What? Well, it's still the sun. It's Like, well you're all pro receiver has his hands in the air with the ball coming at him.


'cause he can't see. Just admit, just you didn't do a great job designing that.


And this episode was brought to you in partnership with DraftKings to hear more listen and subscribe to Fade this on iHeartRadio or wherever you listen to podcast.


This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing in Heels with Rachel Zoe. Being a Delta Sky Miles member means more than just earning miles and enjoying great travel. It's your gateway to Sky Miles experiences. Your new favorite place to unlock unforgettable events. You can even access exclusive events like a styling session. With me, Rachel Zoe. I'll personally guide you and a guest through a New York City shopping trip as your personal style consultant. You'll get a gift card too so you can take home some of the items we select together. And then I'll host you for a chic happy hour. Delta Sky Miles members have access to other amazing events too. From courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining experiences all by using your miles. It's the perfect way to turn your miles into memories.


So head over to delta.com/skymile experiences to discover your next experience and start creating your favorite moments today. Not a skymile member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms apply Oto, check this out. Instagram and TikTok star, Sophie Ray reveal. She made $43 million this year from OnlyFans. That's more than Saquon. Travis, Kelsey, Derek Henry and Garrett Wilson. All earned combined. She even showed proof on November 28th, 2023 no to, to no.


And she grossed $43,477,695 and 1 cent. And then y'all wanna get mad at me when I wanna get, I won't pull the baby arm out. Hey, I got you. Be you be believing them numbers. I don't, I don't, Can I just say listen, I know we, we, I know women have an advantage when it, when it comes to using, you know, their body, their assets. Yeah. But for, do you know how much 43 million is Like, I do know how much 43 is. Think about that. Think about that for a minute.


Like even, even if, How much did she actually make? 'cause only fans take like 50%. Don't they? I don't know how. I don't, I don't. Oh, so she, she grows that so only fan. So, but they take, they take like six 50, 60%? I think so. I ain't never, man, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't I I mean, 43. That's a lot of money. Now look, I I've, I've seen a few that did 3 5400 of a month. Four oh a thousand. Yeah. Now that's realistic. 40, 43 million in a year. Huh? They take 20%. So 20% of that is 8.6. Little about 8.7 million.


So she still grows 34 and a half. I. Don't think you, I don't think you understand how much money that is. Yo. Yeah, I be but Ocho with dudes, dudes freaky. Yeah. They, you be freaky people. But ain't they wanna see, they wanna see you be having sex with other people. They want, I'm like, oh, oh, oh. I don't think she do. I don't know how she do all that. Nah, I don't know what Hey, for 43 For 43 million, she doing something more than showing a cat. Yeah. I mean, I, I don't know, but honestly I just, I know what it look like being around the game, being around people with that kind of money.


I ain't buying it. And that's no disrespect. I know it for Ain't look Like I know. Oh, I know. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. I ain't, I ain't buying it. I ain't buying it now. You know, you probably have made some good money on there, but like that. Come on now. Stop playing. Yeah. 43 million man. Whew. Well if she made 35, she made 17. Other seven getting 17, getting half of that. Let me get that. But still 17 me. If she had said 17 me, boy, that's a lot of money. Ocho I don't believe that Though. That's about me, me Ocho that's, that's about 1.6 a month.


Like come on now. Come on now. Now it's okay to say you making good money, but exaggerating the numbers like that is is that's, that's gre to Hey bro, I look, I I ain't going Look and I'm, I'm only, I I'm only saying that from someone that hadn't generated money like that before and is still generating now. Maybe not to that extent, but it's still coming in. Yeah. The way it should be. 43 men in a year. That's a lot of money. Come on man. That's a lot of money. That is. Stop Playing man. I don't care if you had a golden Goose. She got a boyfriend. Huh? She got a boyfriend? Nah, come on man. She too young for you now.


How old is she? I? Don't know. 43 million old Joe. Well she ain't 18. She gotta be at least 21 to get on there. Right. You can't get no fight unless you 21. Can you? Oh nah, she too young. Oh you, how old is she? 20. Oh hell nah. Yeah, nah. 20. Hell nah. Hundred million I think about it. Nah, hell no. 20 man.


Her parents probably was disappointed till she played out their mortgage and bought it, bought everybody brand new cars or something. Oh man, that was funny. Oh, you hundred million thinking Jesus, you sure? Let me stop ass. Leave me alone ass Ocho. Hmm. Man, that's, a lot of people don't realize how much money that is. They don't. They don't. And, and just, and you know, it's funny, I see a lot of people do now these days, they always, especially on Twitter, they always say, oh that ain't a lot of money.


You know, depending on what the number is. And I'm not just speaking on the 43 million here. I'm just saying in general, when topics and debates come up with people making a certain amount of money and whatever it may be, we have conditioned ourselves in believing 5 million, 10 million, a million dollars. You know, our convers people Don't really understand how much that is. Ocho they, They, they, they don't get it. They, they don't get, they had this, this vision on what it is. Even though they haven't attained it yet. And with them it's comfortable. Oh, that ain't that much money. Well, shit, if it ain't Crazy, You wouldn't understand until you make it. Until you have to work for it, then you'll get it. Yeah. Never understand because Like you, a lot of times people won't look, they say in a lifetime, oh two you make a million dollars.


But just imagine seeing that at once. Mm. We're not talking about over a lifetime. Right. We're talking about you get a check, somebody hand you a check is $4 million. Yeah, it's 4,000,005, it's for three five, 10 million or you make 10, 15, 20 million. Well that's a lot of money. Yeah Man. Yeah. When people say that, that ain't no, I don't know like how many people you think OCHO will see a million dollars cash at one time? Man, listen, unless you was watching Narcos, You know, or you see somebody pulling, pulling, like you holding like the old drug movie they got Yeah. Millions of dollars in a house stashed in the wall somewhere, but just like a million dollars cat.


Unless you in that game. Yeah. You ain't seeing that kind of money Ocho. No, it ain't no hell No. But hey more. I ain't, look, I'm not the look more power to you. Whatever you choose to do. That woman grown. She paid taxes. If that's what she's gonna do with her life, I ain't got no problem with it. Hey, Hey listen, you know, I don't have no problem. I, I support every support any and everybody, you know, I, I have no problem with it, but I just don't, I don't like the, I don't like the number. I don't like the number thrown out. That's a, that's a lot. That's a lot of bread boy. Oh, that, that's a lot's, that's a lot of bread. Oh Joe, a man forged wife's signature and divorced her without her knowing. Wait a minute, a man forged his wife's signature.


Yeah. He wanted a divorce. He forged her signature. Signature. Now they divorced. Now they now things must have been really bad on, 'cause if you look at it statistically, not very many times does the man leave the woman. Especially in marriage. Well if the man is choosing to leave at this point where he has to forge a signature just to get up out of there, it must have been bad. Yeah. Some would. I wish I had more context on why, but this, this is a great story. This is a great story. The percentage of men that do do this is very small, very, very small. Look. Damn man. Forge his signature.


That's crazy. I guess he, like you said he wanted out ocho. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, listen, I to, to why not ask for divorce? That's how bad it was. He had to forge it just to get up outta there. Yeah, but back ocho back to that story. But think about it. You talking about all this economy, what economy can't be this bad? If she making 43 million? Well, how bad is the economy? That's how you know. Come on now. Okay. Let's just say for argument, okay Ocho we're gonna take it down to 10%. She made 4.3 million. How bad is the economy? Because I guarantee you it ain't all single men that sending her money. No, of course not.


Of course not. And then, and when I think about it too, there are so many other, there's so many other women Right. That do the exact same thing. And you mean to tell me they just happened to send you 43 million and ignored everybody else. Ocho, Ocho. But think about it. You we done been to the club. There's some women in there just fine. But there's some women maybe not as fine, but they just have that look. Yeah, they have that say they have that s shape and they get bread like that and some of the finer ones maybe for whatever reason. Right. It just ain't clicking. Look, Ocho there are a lot of, listen, there are a lot of fine women out there. Some know how to attract a man and the man will break bread with 'em.


Some women just is fine. But they can't get nothing but pipe out of a man. Yeah, I do. I can't explain it. We call it fun buns. Some women understand the business and something looks will carry 'em everywhere they need to go. It only gets you so far because you gonna look up and you look good, but you get nothing in return. Well, I was with 'em for the right reasons. Okay. Okay. Bad. I'm, I'm just, I mean it's okay. Ocho Ah, that's a good topic though.


I mean, 'cause think about ocho, think about the man that's gotten divorced and they're multi-billionaires. Mm. And they gotta break bread. Oh yeah. They gotta give off 5 billion, 10 billion. 20, 30, 40 billion. Listen, even with a prenup, they still got to give something based on the amount of years you've been married. She would still walked away with something and it was hefty A lot of times. I mean, you've been married before this, this prenup thing came in. So you got married early on and you didn't have nothing. Damn. You give off 40 billion, you really want out. You don't even, you Give off a billion, 2 billion. But yeah, you, you, you really want out. Done.


You will you Yeah. You over this. Wait. And the the funny thing about it, you, you gotta understand when people are making that kind of money, if you have to give up 2 billion, you know you're gonna recoup that anyway over time. Based on what it is you do and how you bring in revenue and income, you gonna get that. Over time. You gonna get it back. You are not even tripping. Yeah. But see ocho that's, see that's what I look at Ocho. That's why Hey man, you get, I'm gonna get it back. Right. I'm gonna get it back. I am. Yeah. I don't sweat no early in my career. Ocho you know when you early in your career, you making money, you like, and it's hard because I don't know how long this gonna last.


Right. And the last thing I wanna feel is like, somebody's trying to take advantage, trying to take advantage of me. Now I'm a buck. Nah, hell no. As you get older, you understand, you know what? You'll need me before I need you. Mm. Ooh that's tough. You used that line on somebody. I absolutely have. Woo. And guess what happened, Ocho, She came back by two, two years later. Did you give it to her? I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. Remember me. Right. I'm a no good. You know what? Yeah. Ain't nobody gonna want you.


Hmm. Wait, somebody told you that Black, sorry, B mofo all that. Wait, they were talking to you like that? Yes. Oh no, but she, I'm trying to figure out how she still had access. Huh? I said, well, hold on, wait a minute. You want something from this black? No Good. Sorry. Right. B-A-S-T-R-D. Yeah. Mofo. SOB. Yeah. Ain't no good for nothing but you. What can you possibly want from him? Right. Did you give it to him? No. Okay. I'm just making sure. I'm glad you didn't fold. No, I'm glad you ain't sold your real one. Boy. I salute you. No, I thought about it though Because she, she came, I was vulnerable.


Ocho was vulnerable. She had a sun dress on. Nah. You know what I'm saying? Ocho Nah. She had a sun dress on. Yeah. Don't call all up. Yeah. Ocho Hey Ocho. She walked in. I let her in the house and you know I let her in. But you let, I was walking behind her. Let her in the house walking behind her. Yeah. I let her in the house. I was walking behind her. Right. And you know, she got the sundress on. Right. So it was box like that. Right. Yeah. Hey, that ain't nothing but the devil. That was him. Ain't nothing but the devil know I was weak. I was weak too. I was weak. Okay. Okay. I like, oh, Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I said, well, you know, obviously you, I I I'm still the sorry black mo. Right, right, right, right, right. Blah blah blah, blah. I mean, what would you possibly want?


I'm like, okay, well what you, what you trying to do to get it? I I, I just said he was whopping no swindle. She needs something. I need something. Okay. We both doing something for one another whole choke. Right. Right. You know what I'm saying? Well, I'm like, you know, I, you know, I try to push my look. Well I wouldn't need access. Right, right, right. You know, this can't be no one time thing. Oh, okay. You trying to change it. You trying to move the I need the rules. Okay. Yeah. You know I'm gonna need, you know, I'll be able to call no matter what.


Right. You know, I got, oh, I got a man. Oh. Why ain't you ask him? Why you here? Lemme, let's call him, let's call him in to tell him that you over here asking me for money. Time out, time out, time out. Time out. She came over there to ask you for something and she got a man at home. Yeah. Oh bitch. Oh my bad. She got, she got to go. She got, come on now. Don't do that. But See, oh Joe. See now, see now, now I'm thinking, oh, he think he got something. Mm. Oh, he said he got something I should just on gp Right. To let him know and call him up. Yeah. I got her here. She here, he in my bed. Yeah. I could, I still did that, but I, I ain't nasty. Like Right. You could have been messy. You coulda been messy.


I ain't nasty no more like that. You know what I'm saying? No, I used to be nasty like that. I ain't No, I got you. Yeah. I could have been nasty. I could've been nasty. Real nasty. But I didn't, I said, nah, it's all good. Hey, you said what? You said, I understand you in the heat of the moment, you say things, but that's how you really felt at the time. That's how you really feel about me. Right. We cool. I kept it moving. Hey, you are a real one boy. How, you know what? Matter of fact, chat. Chat let's ws in the chat on in that situation, please. Can we get some ws in the chat? That's a good one. Because 90, 99% of the population would've folded based on the visuals that you just described. Oh yeah. When you walked in, when that thing was like this, you know. Yeah. Yeah. Ocho most, most men, we folk, we, we folk.


I ain't folding because, you know, not that, don't ask me for nothing. I ain't, I ain't got it. Yeah. But Nah, I, i woo. I was like, That's, that's, that's good work. But you know, that was, I I I, whew. That's good work. That's good work. That's a good story. Caught me. I like that. Don't cau me. Don't, don't catch me no more. Now I got a little, little more disposable income. I might be weak man. That flesh, man. O that flesh should get you OCHO babe. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Hey, it will Every time. Every time. Listen but No, no, but you can't talk reckless to me. You can't talk. Had she said, you know, hey, she just go a certain way. She move on. Cool. Come back in it. It would've been different. It would've been different. Yes.


Yes. Right. But you can't call me all these names. Yeah. But, but you is Right. And and most of the time they will have to circle back and need you again depending on who you Always. Always. And that's why the ones that's cool with me always will be cool with me. They could come within reason. Yeah. Within reason. Yeah. Now nobody's come forward. I did change my number OCHO so they probably can't come forward anymore. 'cause I changed my number after 30 years. Right. So, and you know, I was like, okay, I can't get everybody still everybody can't have access to me like the ones could, but there, there are some that they know how to get in touch with me and I would help them.


Yeah. Yeah. Bad fact. Yeah. The about one that's in Tampa. Yeah. That, that got caught up. The dude that we at the hotel and dude buffed out the car. Right. She got a li she got, she got a lifetime membership. Well, you a real one boy. She got a lifetime membership. Yes sir. And she the only one that got lifetime. What she got like, like LA Fitness, huh? Lifetime. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Even the kid's mom, the kids' mom with reason. If they need something they know. But she's the only one that I don't have a kid with that have, that have lifetime access.


I like that Actor. Sterling K Brown opens up about double standards he's faced on movie sets highlighted how bad behavior is judged differently. White actors and black actors. I've observed behavior of a white counterpart where he will get loud frustrated and it's couched as being passionate. It's like, it, it's, it's like, it's giving a moniker that it's not angry. If I did the exact same thing, I don't, I do not get the pass. Just by being black in general, the level amount of latitude for bad behavior, you have different consequences. Yes. We see that all the time. We see it with quarterbacks, we see it with receivers. I mean it's, that's not new. Thank you. It it doesn't change the corporate world acting.


That's the landscape. It's always been that way. This is nothing. This is nothing new. You have to conduct yourself a certain way. Look at, look at, look how, look how 44 acts and look how 45 acts. You see what I'm saying? The numbers right. Without saying the names. Yes, Yes. Okay. But we Know, come on, that, you know, you, you have to, you, you, I mean, when you carry, when you carry the melanin, you have to conduct yourself in a certain way, depending on the room that you're in. It's all been that way and it's never going to change. You adapt to your surroundings and act accordingly. That that's what I try to tell people. If you know you gonna be judged differently, you have to act differently from the dough. Is it? Right. No, but lemme, I'm gonna go and make this all this bread and then when I don't need y'all, I'm gonna keep it moving.


Right. It's, I Yes, we know Ocho, we know that. It's always been like that. Yeah. And guess what? It's not changing anytime in the full season. I don. I don't understand why we complain. Like, but what? Yes. You already know what it is. Yeah. The game is the game. Learn, learn to play the game and you'll be able to survive and do what you need to do. That's it. Trying to go against it. Ain't gonna work. Complain about it. Ain't gonna work and Complain ain anybody ain't gonna work. Let go and get this money. Y'all do your thing. I see how it is. Okay. You know what, this one here, just this one here watching Tabba. Yeah. Do she have lifetime access?


Yeah, you do. And, and and you do. And what you putting me through right now? No, your access is denied. Denied. Huh? Well know what you laugh. Yeah. No, no. Absolutely not. You know, you, you, you no. You gotta go to therapy counseling. You gotta come. Correct. Yeah. I mean it's like, it's like a study. Say blacks are treated differently on the job. Blacks are treated differently with stop by. Y'all needed a study. Don't Need to tell y'all what we've been telling y'all for 400, 500 years. Y'all wasted that money. Y'all could have gave, y'all could have distributed that money through the black community.


Don't do any more studies about how we're treated in the workplace or by, by law enforcement. Don't, don't do more studies. Go, go have money that y'all put into them studies and just go give it to the community. Right. But we knew that. We knew that. I mean, that's not, it's sad. Yeah, It is. But it's, it's, it's, it's a part, it's a part of life. It's a part of life that's not changing. There are certain things that will always be a part of life that you're going to experience. And as you get older, you understand those things aren't gonna change and you learn to adapt with 'em and how to navigate in those surroundings where you're going to experience those situations.


Right. Okay.


Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, thick cut bacon, keep it Oscar, Listen pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like you're sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar


Attention. Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets Guardian Bikes apart designed especially for stability? They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base and ultra lightweight frames offering superior control and balance. This design gives young riders the ability to learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian Bikes are the only kids bikes designed and assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank and are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing in Heels with Rachel Zoe. Being a Delta Sky Miles member means more than just earning miles and enjoying great travel. It's your gateway to Sky Miles experiences, your new favorite place to unlock unforgettable events. You can even access exclusive events like a styling session. With me, Rachel Zoe. I'll personally guide you and a guest through a New York City shopping trip as your personal style consultant. You'll get a gift card too, so you can take home some of the items we select together. And then I'll host you for a chic happy hour. Delta Sky Miles members have access to other amazing events too. From courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining experiences all by using your miles. It's the perfect way to turn your miles into memories. So head over to delta.com/sky miles experiences to discover your next experience and start creating your favorite moments today, not a Sky Miles member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today. Terms Apply


With at and t in-car wifi. Elevate your adventure by transforming your vehicle into a reliable wifi hotspot. Connect up to 10 devices up to 50 feet away from your vehicle, making it ideal for camping and road trips. Don't miss out on the fun. Embark on your next adventure today. Visit att.com/incar wifi to check if you're eligible for a free trial. Always pay careful attention to the road and don't drive distracted wifi hotspot intended for passenger use only when vehicle is an operation compatible device. And vehicle required.


Dine Beauty's Black Friday sale has arrived. For a limited time, take 30% off site wide with code 30. That's right, 30% off the clean, luxurious skincare and perfumes you love, and maybe a few you've been dying to try. Now is your chance to stock up on your favorite serums, pamper yourself with indulgent body oils and check off those holiday gifts for your loved ones. From rejuvenating eye serums to clean retinol alternatives, dime offers master aesthetician founded skincare that truly delivers. And don't forget about their luxurious non-toxic perfumes. Whether you wanna look your best this holiday or jumpstart a fresh, effective skincare routine for the new year, make dime your one-stop destination for clean beauty. But hurry, this sale ends Monday. Over 2 million happy customers and thousands of glowing five star reviews. Prove it. This is the sale of the year that you absolutely cannot miss. So head over to DIME Beauty co.com. That's DIME Beauty co.com for 30% off dimes bestselling skincare. Happy shopping.


Now it's time for q and a. James Colman said Shannon, she can't walk around the house barefooted, but you got dogs all in the bed and on the dinner table. Get the help outta here, bro, that's not my house. It's different. I can't dictate, I can't dictate the quorum in somebody else's home. Yeah, I'm saying she, they probably should have, they probably should have said her Babe, you gotta have some shoes on. Okay. My grandmother never cooked without a net on there. A lot of people cook. How many people cook without, without a net Ocho A lot of people.


A lot of people. But my grandmother had a net on right in my house. If my rule, if I wanna be at the dinner table eating, but bone, if my food, if my ass, I don't dictate what people, the, the decorum in somebody else's house. I'm saying they should have probably told her, baby, we have shoes on in the house. Right. Especially X, Y, and Z. But I don't dictate that. I don't, I could care less, but yes, my dog don't be in the bed. Everybody knows that If you deal with Shannon, Shannon has dogs. The dogs aren't going anywhere. The dogs live here.


You visited I. Don't know what's hard about that. Dr. Frankie Bella said, oh, that Thanksgiving prayer was on point. You sure not supposed to be a preacher. Just started, started to come to the all, all to Alleluia. When I was growing up, the who had a pastor named Reverend Burns and he told my grandmother, he said, Mary, I don't know what that boy is, but he got a calling to be a minister. Mm. It ain't too late ojo. It ain't too late.


Yes sir. But it ain't looking good ojo. It ain't looking good. It ain't looking good. Hey, speaking of calling, Hey Chad, please tell me, y'all remember man Unc, I know you saw this, a little boy I don't know if it was during Covid or not. May, maybe not. A little boy whose father must have been a preacher. His his daddy had to be a preacher. He was doing his homework and his mother, they were in the room and he was sitting there playing around doing his homework and preaching. And his mama was telling them, boy, you better stop playing with God and do your homework. And he, and he was, I gotta send it to you. It's so good.


It's so good. He was like, he like a little young preacher, man. He doing his homework. Dog. I. don. I don't know why this you saying that just jogged my memory to think of that, that that video. It's, it's, it is so funny, man. Little, little black kid. And you could tell it's no have to be a preacher or something. He probably was he Oh, he heard someone doing that? Yeah, because you know kids, they listen to everything. So that's why you gotta be careful what you say around a mocho, you curse. Oh, them kids gonna be cursing. They cursing Too. Yeah. Now except, except Barney Porter. Oh, he cursed all the time. My mom cursed all the time. Curse word didn't even. And my mind. Yeah, man. You couldn't even say, you couldn't say, you couldn't say lie. You had to say you telling a story.


You couldn't say a SS you had to say but or tell. Oh yeah. Say live if you want to and watch Granny backhand, you, you better say now you telling the tale. But them people that play like that, you couldn't like, these kids be cursing and I hear them kids and they think it's cute. Always different. 2-year-old. Yeah. Three, 4-year-old talking about f and what the what, it's different. It's different. You know that, that other Side. Oh no. Listen, that other side curse their parents out, curse their parents out. Tell 'em what they not going to do, what they going to do or man, boy, I've been very, I've been, I'm lucky.


I've been very lucky. Same because I wouldn't, I wouldn't even be here to tell you this story. My kids cut cursed me. Where you gonna be at In jail, man? I don gonna play like that. I don't play like that, don't you? Yeah. I mean, I, man, I remember the first time I took, we went out to dinner and they had, they were old enough and they order. I'm like, they ordering drinks. I'm like, what the hell? What is this? Right. They talking about Daddy, we grown. I'm like, oh Yeah. Hey, if shit catch to catch you off guard quick catch you off guard real quick. What?


And sometimes, you know, they'll be slipping up. They'll like, they'll say, they'll tell him a story and they'll, I'm like, excuse me. Oh my. I'm sorry daddy. My bad. Come on now. I I I get it that you grown, but come on now. Yeah. Yeah. Let's ease. Ease up on the curse words. I know they cussing like sailors when I'm not around. Yeah, you not Around. Absolutely. Yeah. I absolutely know it. Especially my, my my son and my, my old, my oldest daughter and my son. I, I know right. Who probably not as much but them older two. The older. Yeah, for sure. Absolutely. Wes Kim said finally got my wife watching a live show with me. Y'all see how my 1-year-old jumps here in the intro music?


Can they get a shout out? Mable and tj. Wes, thank you for watching. I'm glad you got the wife and you got the young one watching. Hey Mabel, thank you TJ little one. Thank you guys. I, we really appreciate you. We, I really, we really at clubs at Nightcap really, really appreciate your support. Thank you for having to make it this a, a family venture. So hopefully we didn't, we didn't encourage too much. But Mabel thank you. Thank you. Har Reem, Abdullah, Elijah Wine. What good Nightcap. Shannon Samuel Sharks have a lot of experience in relationship. Will you have another show like Kevin Samuels had?


I think it would do numbers. No, man, I can't bad. The women be calling up there and talking to Kev. Bad Kev be on One. Hey, Kevin's Samuels boy. Kevin Said, you called me. Hey boy, Kevin. Samuel was, he was, he was funny. He was, But, but a lot of what he said was true. Yeah. Now all of a sudden you looking for a man. You got seven kids from seven different men and now you want to get married. Yeah, but you know what they do say on somebody out there for everybody. Damn fool. Ocho, do you know, first of all, it's hard balancing. When you have one kid from a man and you in a relationship, can you imagine seven different ones?


Yeah. And then all of them going, they be wanting to come around 'cause you got, oh nah, hell no. More, more, more than Mary. No. No. Sh no. At that point in time, Ocho I mean this, I saw this one woman. She had seven kids from one man. Now she, and she asked, she asked her, what should she do? That woman said you need to go back and get that man. Right. Because Ocho, do you know what it costs to clothe, to feed, to house in today's? Because you not living like you did in the fifties, sixties and seventies now.


Yeah. Oh, I, I know what it costs. 'cause I, I got, I got, I got 57, 11 kids. You ain't gotta tell me. I've been living it for the past 20 years and I, nah. And I matter of fact, and I ain't done yet. You ain't done with what? Because because, nah. Lemme stop playing. I'm done. I got, I got, I got fixed. That's why, that's why re go have live time access. To who? To you, to your, Oh, she probably have lifetime access to Planet Fitness or LA Fitness or even a hu Not, not, not to this. You ain't think you you gonna play with me and put, take me off the shelf like a book and then put me back when you ready.


Sure. Not today. Now as good as it is, God is my witness and my name is Ocho. I am not the one to play. I might look like this, but I ain't no clay. You can't move me. How you want to, you ain't, I was finna start preaching. Don't make, don't, don't get you going. Yeah. I mean look, I look, I think there's a lot of times, Ocho, we've talked about it at Naum, women have expectations. Oh yeah. What can a man do for you? Well, what can you do for a man? It's always, oh, I want him to have this, this, and this. But when a man says, well, I want somebody at this height and this weight and this, oh see, it's just, it's just physical for y'all. Yeah. Well, it's just financial for y'all. Ooh. Come on man.


Come on preacher. It ain't got, I'm just, I'm just trying to figure it out. Every, every why women, y'all got choices. Y'all got choices and I'm, I'm happy for you. Everybody should have a choice to date and marry or be with whomever they want to. But why can't a man, why is a man, why is a man, he's shallow. That's a terrible way to, to select someone. Hmm. Well the first thing y'all say I want him to make this month. You gotta be this tall. Yes. Yeah. I, I don't get it. Look to each of own. Hey, that's what you want to do. You date who you are. Look, ain't got nothing to do with me. You date who you want to. He can make a trillion dollars a year or you can make a hundred thousand.


You know, don't make me no nothing mind. But y'all, y'all gotta stop this and oh, oh, he, he this and he's sassy. He probably don't even like, he probably gay. He probably don't even like women. No, he just don't like you. That's what that is. And he sees where this is headed and he wants to get off this train before it gets too far down the tracks. It's okay. Right. Just like women have the same, like, well I see where this is headed and I have the, I reserve the right to get off to get off before it gets too rolling. I get too far in. I ain't got no problem with that. Yeah. But Just like you have expectations, men should have expectations of what they want in a partner.


And if, if aesthetics is at the first of their list, who are you to judge that? Just because we don't judge you because you say finances. Okay. Right. Or Oh yeah. They, they definitely, you need to be six and you, you gotta have a and you hide it need to start with a six and you weight need to start with a two. I ain't got no, I I I ain't got no problem with, I ain't got no problem with, with women deciding what they want in a man. Right. That's fine. But, but how y'all gonna tell me what, what, what? Oh, Shannon. Oh Shannon. Okay. But, but also, you know, they, there, there's something that they sometimes women lack awareness, sometimes.


Lack of awareness on what they want and who they want from. Now, you know, you is not getting, come on now. Sometimes you come on, there's a difference. It's okay to be wanting stuff, but thinking you come on now, you gotta look in the mirror now do you, are you really ex Come on now. I'm, I'm trying not to say the wrong thing. That's why I keep saying, come on now. Yeah. I ain't try everybody making bread like that. That can buy you handbags and buy these trip. I just want, like I said on social media, ocho, we gotta do something. We gotta come up with a couple more shows. 'cause every time I turn around I see people. They in, they in Dubai, they in Cancun, they in Lumon in Jamaica about women.


I'm like, how You talking about the women? Yes. Oh, you want me to tell you Somebody taking them? Yeah, somebody, yeah. Yeah, somebody, somebody sponsoring that. Now there are some women that got, you know, got their own. Now I'm saying Yeah, the majority, you know somebody, you know somebody sponsoring that. Oh. So what I see them and they, because a lot of times I see women, they be in these places. They be by themselves. That'd be the dude taking by. They don't. Oh, okay. Okay. Ocho, you got hook your boy. Can I be thinking? Yeah. They like, I be like, damn. Women be traveling, going and they say, Hey, don't travel, don't travel abroad or don't travel. They telling here the United States don't travel by yourself, but y'all going to a foreign country by yourself.


I'm like, damn y'all. Whoa. If They give money, if they give money, huh? Okay. I mean, I, I'll be a little hesitant. I mean, look, I'm back. Say I'm back. What you wanna say? You gonna say something? So y'all need to mind y'all business because I'm not going anywhere. Says my daddy spent a lot of money to bring me from Russia. Hmm.


See I had my sweater on yesterday. I saw my sweater with them gold buttons. He said, yeah. Where do y'all see my Christmas pajama? They got the Grinch on them. Yeah. Hey. Oh Joe, I'm glad you told me that. I'm like, well damn, these women be traveling by theirself. They ain't scared of nothing. Oh man. It's a different, it's a different world out there, man. Okay. It's a different, it's a different world. You know, sometimes you look, you, you, they, they look and they search and they find that one that's willing to do. And you know, that individual, he takes care. She don't cause no issues. She don't call no problems. 'cause she has an understanding of her position in her role. And he, he takes care of what he needs and she gets what she wants.


And that's how it goes. Oh, okay. I'm, well, I'm glad you hit me up with that. Yeah. Can you read Teddy? Yeah. J Duff ERs said Ocho two days steal his bingo. Got that signed jersey ready. Oh. There, there had to be a time when female passed gas in her sleep when y'all were in bed. You kick her out after she rolled over. Look, I probably would look, I, it, it, it happened. It hadn't happened in a very long time. That's something for Gil. But to just sit there and purposefully do it, that's why I got a problem. Right. Look, that's in the you in you in your sleep. You ain't got no control over that.


But you just going sit there and we had to tell, we had the bed, we in the bed or we sitting there on the couch and we just watching something and you think I Man, please. Oh man. Oh no, that not happen. That's not happening. So you look like I said, I understand that. That's a a a a and people will quit. Shannon, do you do realize passing gas and going to the bathroom, that's a normal function. I was like, yes, sure. So is eating. But you want people with their food chew and their food with their mouth open. That's a good one. I like that. That's, that's a good comeback. Jay add said, Hey Unc, you setting yourself short, Ocho still owes you or a band for thinking OBJ can still get a thousand yard this season.


America band, the t That make no sense. You can't get a thousand yards without a goddamn ball. Duh. Yeah, that's what I factored in. Duh. Don't send me my money. I'm, I'm talking to him Three. I'm talking to him. I'm talking to the dude that, that, that made the No, He, he tried to get me my money because I gave him, I gave him, I said, man, look here, I'm gonna shoot you a quick 20 when you can sign into the chat. The ocho that he owed me a band for OBJ. That's three bands you owe me. Teddy, what you want with your money? Teddy? What you want?


Mm. You wanna babysit Ocho? Nah. Hey Rel, you wanna babysit? I need somebody to babysit Ocho. Well, re Would I, who would I go? A little vacate. I go a little, would I go a little vacate? Yeah. We'll, we'll babysit. We're debating at work. If Derrick Henry is a top 15 running back all time. I didn't have him in my top 15. Where would you rank him when his career's not over yet. Hmm. It's kind of hard to rank somebody whether they're still playing now Jerry now. But there, there's certain guys that you can rank Randy, Jerry, I mean, you know Bruce, Reggie, you know, there's certain guys that you could rank pride, but you're talking about transcendent players.


Transcendent. Now he gets another two bands. You damn right. He top 15 running back. I'm not so sure he might not be top 10. Yeah. Two, 2000 yards either. Had he been offensive player of the year. Yeah. He's offensive player of the year. Absolutely. What's good Uncle Ocho? Is there a player currently played or played in the past that you guys would love and compete against? I love him.


Especially today's era of Oh yeah. Back. Yeah. Yeah. Today's era defensive backs. I love them boys, man. I study them boys. And I wish I, ooh boy, I wish I could play. You know who I probably, you know the guy that I think I have, I think I got the most respect for because he, I love the way he plays hard all the time. Jalen Ramsey. Oh yeah. I like, I like, I like Rams because He gonna talk. He gonna be physical. He not gonna back down. He gonna try to run through my chest. I'm gonna try to run through his chest. He probably gotta be like to compete against the mo. Yeah. So we gonna talk ish from the snap, from the time we walk on the field.


I don't give a damn. We'll get the ball first because I'm gonna start soon as I run on the field, as soon as I see him. See y'all starting when you get on the field. I'm starting through the media. I'm gonna start on Wednesday. I need you, I need you to know, I need you to know I'm coming. Okay.


Bacon lovers, let me tell you something amazing about Oscar Myers thick cut bacon. Now, I don't know if you've used a smoker before, but it's a real labor of love. You've gotta put time in to get that rich, smoky flavor. Now think about this. Oscar Myers smokes their bacon for 12 hours. That's half a day, twice as long as most bacon is smoke. So for that savory, smoky, big cut bacon, keep it Oscar, listen Pat and tossing and turn it all night on your old lumpy mattress. Then it's time to upgrade your sleep game with the Resto Form mattress. This state of art memory foam technology will have you feeling like your sleeping on the cloud for 12 hours or more. 12 Hours. That's the same amount of time. Oscar Meyer smokes their delicious thick cut bacon. Yeah. While you're sleeping, Oscar Meyer is still smoking that bacon. Forget your mattress for thick cut bacon you'll dream about. Keep it Oscar


Attention. Parents and grandparents, are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure that will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest and quickest bikes for kids to learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What makes Guardian Bikes special? They're the easiest to ride. Thanks to the thoughtful engineering lightweight frames and kid friendly components, kids love how fun and easy they are to ride. And parents appreciate the safety features like the patented braking system that prevents head over handlebar accidents. Guardian Bikes are the only kids' bikes designed and assembled in the USA factory ensuring top-notch quality and durability, they're built to last. And make perfect hand-me-Downs. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday sales have begun, offering the biggest steal of the year. Save Up to 33% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping and a free bike lock and pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit Guardian Bikes dot com to take advantage of these deals and secure your holiday gifts today. Happy riding.


This is Rachel Zoe from Climbing in Heels with Rachel Zoe. Being a Delta Sky Miles member means more than just earning miles and enjoying great travel. It's your gateway to Sky Miles experiences. Your new favorite place to unlock unforgettable events. You can even access exclusive events like a styling session. With me, Rachel Zoe. I'll personally guide you and a guest through a New York City shopping trip as your personal style consultant. You'll get a gift card too, so you can take home some of the items we select together. And then I'll host you for a chic happy hour. Delta Sky Miles members have access to other amazing events too. From courtside seats for your favorite team to one of a kind dining experiences all by using your miles. It's the perfect way to turn your miles into memories. So head over to delta.com/skymile experiences to discover your next experience and start creating your favorite moments today, not a skymile member. It's free and easy to sign up and start earning miles today terms. Apply


With at t in-car wifi. Elevate your adventure by transforming your vehicle into a reliable wifi hotspot. Connect Up to 10 devices Up to 50 feet away from your vehicle, making it ideal for camping and road trips. Don't miss out on the fun. Embark on your next adventure today. Visit att.com/incar wifi to check if you're eligible for a free trial. Always pay careful attention to the road and don't drive distracted wifi hotspot intended for passenger use only when vehicle is in operation compatible device and vehicle required.


Dine Beauty's Black Friday sale has arrived. For a limited time, take 30% off site wide with code 30. That's right, 30% off the clean, luxurious skincare and perfumes you love. And maybe a few you've been dying to try. Now is your chance to stock up on your favorite serums, pamper yourself with indulgent body oils and check off those holiday gifts for your loved ones. From rejuvenating eye serums to clean retinol alternatives. Dime offers master aesthetician founded skincare that truly delivers. And don't forget about their luxurious non-toxic perfumes. Whether you wanna look your best this holiday or jumpstart a fresh, effective skincare routine for the new year, make dime your one stop destination for clean beauty. But hurry, this sale ends Monday. Over 2 million happy customers and thousands of glowing five star reviews. Prove it. This is the sale of the year that you absolutely cannot miss. So head over to DIME Beauty co.com. That's DIME Beauty co.com for 30% off dimes bestselling skincare. Happy shopping.


I need you to know I'm coming. Matter of fact, hey, you know my favorite part, speaking of that, this, you know what? I miss What? Like I don't know if you, now you know, you, you now you probably ain't pay no attention when I used to send, you know, depending on we playing, we were playing that week. Yeah, I would, I would send the, the secondary I would send, I would send the secondary gifts. Yeah. You know, give not gift basket, but just using my sponsor en endorsements in a fun way to, you know, to a little, a little competitive challenge. You know, before the games, man, I miss, I, I miss football, man. I went, Hey, here we go. I just got another text. She wants a dog like that.


It's funny, funny, some somebody playing the sea before Christmas come. I ain't flying no private yet. Now we could probably get something that look close to that because I got a homeboy in Liberty City. He can get me a dog that look like that for $30. Hey, you, you go to Cali. Hey, they bringing, they be bringing in your car and stealing them. What? Them Oh yeah. These, any small dog. Especially your, any Anything teacup. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Small dogs. What's that? That French. That French bulldog. Yeah. Because you know, those dogs be going for like, they go from anywhere from like five to $50,000. Whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Let's, let's reel it back in. Let's reel it back in. Like we fishing $50,000.


For who and what? Who? Oh yeah. Them, them fluffy. Them fluffy Frenchies. You see the one with the li lat? 50,050 K. Oh Nah nigga. Come on now. Come on now. Yeah. Come on now. Man. You see the one? They, who was that Lady Gaga when her, when her assistant, they ran down on him. Mocho stole them dogs. They didn't wanted $500,000 reward. Oh wait, I remember that story. That was a while ago. She got technician. Yeah, she got 'em back. Damn. See the thousand for a dog. Just think about that. Oh yeah.


Oh, hold on. Did I read that? Oh, check this out. Sammy Ke said, Hey, Shay and Ocho been watching for a while now I got two questions for q and a. One serious. One. Non-Serious Non-Serious. One first. Who's better? Spiderman Miles or Peter? Serious question. Who's going to the co? Who's going to win the CFP? So who's better? Spider-Man. Oh, miles. Miles. Oh, so the other was, what's the guy's name? The first one to me, McGuire and other was Andrew Garfield. And this one Tom Holland.


Hey, We, we got, we got a small problem. I ain't, so For me, I like Tom Holland, but Toby McGuire is good for me. Toby. Damn. He got a old name though. Toby. Toby. Who's gonna win the college football playoff man? Hell at the be at halfway through the season. Hell, I thought it was gonna be Georgia. Man. Look here. Somebody going, somebody going owe the money. Did they lose? Because somebody bet. What's Georgia's score now? 20 to six. Wait, who? The, who's Georgia playing Georgia Tech and they Losing 20 to six Maybe They must be in that what, third quarter?


Fourth. And they and they between the hedges. Oh boy. Them people gonna be bad. Look here. They gonna tell, they going, Hey, they gonna take that because Georgia Tech Stadium is right there off of, off of 85. Man, they gonna might have the gold post down there walking down 85. Oh oh. They going, oh, they probably, oh yeah. That's a long way to walk with the goalpost. They can't tear them goalposts down. Yeah. But they gonna come back and celebrate it and celebrate it. Georgia Tech two 90 driver said Happy birthday to my beautiful mother of my baby Creed. Happy birthday Cree. Thank you. Two 90. Thank you for your support.


Thanks for the the question. And again, Cree happy Birthday. Birthday Cree Frank Tank nine twenty one. Hey Unc Ocho after two kids, I would like to get her back in the gym and lose some weight. But I don't know how to, not to be blunt. Hell please. Shit. Well you on what? I mean You, she kind of know now Frank. Well yo yeah, you on your own there boy. I don't want no part of that. Nah. About how to tell it. But it ain't, ain't well just Ask her. Ask her. It ain't, hey, it ain't no right way to say that without 'em being a, it ain't because they know women got common sense. Oh, I know where you go with this.


Especially when that's not your charact too. Ask her, ask her if she wants to join you at the gym. Even if you, even if your delivery is sincere. Yeah. It's gonna be offensive. Come on now. You ain't never asked me to join you at the gym before. What you trying to say? I mean, it's okay baby. I mean look you babe, you picked up a little weight while you had the baby and I appreciate that. I appreciate you. I appreciate you delivering me two healthy babies. Don't Do that. Don't do that. Unc. Don't set that man. What? Damn. Set the man up for failure now. Don't do that. You gotta, you got your woman know your woman And.


if you know you woman, if you gotta come and ask us on how to, how to, how to approach it. Yeah. We, we, we, You. Hey, I was just reading the thing the other day. The man putting his prenup, he gets, she gets XX amount taken for every 10 pounds she gave from when she was married. You saw that? Nah, I you told Me. And it's enforceable. That's a good one. And it's enforceable. My hey. Until death do us part, until one of us get fat. Simple that now which one you, which was it gonna be ocho? Yeah. Yeah. Maybe you could tell. Maybe, maybe if you got a good relationship with a girlfriend, they say tell, ask a girlfriend.


I, I don't know man. I mean me, I kind of tend towards like, gravitate towards women that kinda like work out and they kinda like, like their bodies and they kinda like want to be like in shape 'cause they like the way they look. You know, most of the time, you know, your boys keep a step up. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Ocho Yeah. They steppers What they step? Yeah, They Trying to turn, they always trying to turn. So I don't think that's really a problem. But you gotta accept. I mean it's, it's hard to get somebody to go if that wasn't what they gravitated towards before.


They had kids, women that had women that was in the gym and they have kids. They wanna get back in there because they want they body back. Yeah. They wanna snap back. Yeah, for sure. But you know, you, you old. I be What I Mean they don't want me to have no fun ocho man. Go get you a 60-year-old. Sit down. I wish I might. Oh no. I'm keep me a, I had to let Ocho have all the fun.


Ocho be out trying to have the fun. He got him paid. I gotta find my rail. Right, Right, right, right. So we double date. Yeah. Man, you stupid. Don't joking. Hey Rel, you got a lifetime pass re got a lifetime. Lifetime. Yeah. Yeah. I, I didn't, I Didn't. And I ain't talking about the lifetime fitness either. So I don't know. We tried to talk about the lifetime fitness. Nope. I didn't know where he got cursed out by, by that little, that little, that little bit right there. So I'm good.


Yeah, we good? We good? We good. Twin good. Yeah. That what I'm talking about Ra because he don't know. That concludes this edition of Back. Hey on hold on. Before we conclude anything, boy, where's my sweatsuit bro? What sweatsuit and Them shits we posted today? Man, that shit was raw as hell. Ojo. It's in the mail. I don't have it. I don't have one either. I know you think that I got the stuff. I don't have nothing ojo. Oh. I'm not, you get the stuff before I do. I'm not changing clothes until I get my sweatsuit. I would had, i'ma have this, I'ma have the same gray hoodie on tomorrow. I'm gonna wear, I'm gonna wear it Sunday and I'm gonna wear it Monday.


Well you know what, if you stop changing the dresses, I mean you done gave us six addresses. I Got six different houses. Okay, well we not fitting to send six different outfit and have somebody wearing six different Nightcap stuff. So get one place and get your ass settled. Do we send it? Listen, You know, you know what I send it. The address is still the same. Nope. I just, I just happened not to be there for a little bit. Yeah, you back now. Huh? I do it. I do. You couldn't stay. I knew you couldn't stay away. I do it, I do it. Nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. This listen, this is, this is, this is a journey. This is, Yeah. Yeah. And I saw you take the first step yesterday.


I said he Hey Chad, he sent me a picture. He was grinning like a horse eating through a barbed wire fit. Hey, I said, Hey listen, I went, I went, you told me ass Laughing because you know exactly what I'm talking about. Listen, You told me to go over there for the, I went over there for the food and my baby mama, my little french fry. Who is, who is ffa? Come here. ffa. Come here baby. She she's still asleep. She just waking up. Yeah. ffa. Yes. You right Step women don't want a outta shape, man.


That's why you born. Yeah, me too boy. You see these shoulders? Yeah. Yeah. Boy. The capsule on the shoulders, boy. Them depths, front down, rear depth the Raiders. That's right. I'm gonna be tore up like newspaper when y'all see me at The Super Bowl. For sure. Yes baby.


What you doing? Don't yo, What's up? What you want? What you want? Who? Come here. Come here, come say hello to Unc. Come on. Come On. That concludes this edition of Black Friday. Nightcap, please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And y'all know who I am. I'm your favorite aunt. That guy is Liberty City's own Bingo Ring of Fame honoree, a pro bowler, an all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco. Ocho. Please go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. And thank you guys for your support and your continued support.


We greatly, greatly appreciate that. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We do have it in stock and with the holidays right around the corner, you just passed one. Hopefully you open a bottle and had an opportunity to celebrate. But with Christmas, Christmas and New Year's right around the corner, we wanna make sure you have even more and have more of a joyous occasion on this, on the holiday. And you get free shipping. One bottle, two bottles that does not matter. Free shipping between now and Cyber Monday. Thank you. So if you can't find it, any city or state near you, order and we'll get it right to your door. Please go follow my media company's platform on all of its pages that Shehe Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out.


Our newest release just dropped today and due to the high demand, our site crashed, but it was a, a glitch that we fixed and everything is up and running and good to go. Take advantage of our Black Friday. Sales items are Up to 50% off. Shirts are $20 off. Hoodies are $40 off. All tees are and hoodies are back in stock. That's Nightcap Club Shaha and 84. Everything is in stock. And we also have stocking stoppers. We have beanies, coozies and mugs. Damn. I, we, we got mugs. Thanks for tearing up with me. See, I'm saying I didn't even know we had mugs. So Yeah, we got mugs. That'd be good for a coffee. Yes, we got mug, we got mugs Also.


Quantities are limited. So make sure you grab yours while supplies live. Go, go ahead, put it back up there, Jacob. There you go. That's what we have right there. O Joe, can you see it on the screen? Hey boy. A ooh, I'm fixing, I like, I like that path. Yeah. Too big of a cat to be played with like a kid. Nohow, I like That. And I like, I like the, the like the long sleeves with the T-shirt over it. Yeah, I think that's a good look. T-shirt. That's, that's a T-shirt over it. No, under it. That's like a, a thermal. Yeah, that's no you thermal, but the T-shirt's over the top of it.


That's What I'm talking about. I like that. I like that. Yeah, I like that. I'm, I'm gonna put my Dickies on with that. Put on my black Dickies. I'm, you know Yeah, yeah. Nightcap bitch. Yeah. You see me walking changed escape. The NFL on Friday. They beat the, they beat the Raiders ocho after a snafu in which the center snapped the ball prematurely. It back Karens off of Aden O'Connell's shirt of his shoulder and they recover it. And they were getting ready to kick a potential game-winning field goal. And the chiefs Baby come On. 1917 and they moved to 11 and one Bears fired Matt Eber flu after sixth grade loss.


And, but it was just the egregiousness of the final play in which they didn't call timeout and they weren't able to get a playoff in order to potentially kick the game winning field goal. Travis Hunter and Shado Sanders led to a Colorado demolition of the Oklahoma State Cowboys 52 to nothing. They keep their very slim playoff hopes alive. Shado in his final game at Folsom Field, 34 or 41, 4 38, 5 touchdowns, one interception. He set the Colorado all time single season passing record. He passed the previous record held by Coy Depper of 3,527 yards. He's now 75, 74 yards away from 4,000.


He now has 35 passing touchdown. Travis Hunter put on a performance to lead the Heisman Trophy. Voted something to think about. He taught 10 passes for 116 yards, three touchdowns. And he had an interception and a back breakup as four. He, so now he has 12 touchdowns receiving. He has one rushing. He has four interceptions and 30 33 tackles, if I'm not mistaken. So with a stat line like that, man. Woo. So here's the stat line. 92 catches a hundred, 1,152 receiving yards on Cho 14. Yeah. Receiving touchdowns. One Russian touchdowns. He has four interceptions, five, seven pass breakups, I think seven pass breakups.


And he did a lot of this with not getting thrown at a bunch. So he put that on their mind. Aston Genti Genti, who's his chief competitor rival for the Heisman 37 carries 226 yards as they win. And so, but I think Trav did enough in the, the last three weeks, four weeks of the season to secure the Heisman. So thank you guys for joining us. We'll see you tomorrow and Sunday and Monday. We'll see you then. Thanks for joining us. I'm up Heath Ocho Amato a manana. I think that's how they said it. Spanish. It's manana manna The Volume.


This holiday season. Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo Holiday sale and gift the gamer on your list with the PC they really want, with deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to Lenovo dot com now.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app For details.


Mrs. Myers Clean Day presents Goodness from the Garden. Imagine your home blooming with floral scents, no dirt or grime in sight. That's the power of Mrs. Myers Clean Day with uplifting scents and down to earth values. Mrs. Myers collection of household products is inspired by the garden, each scent made with essential oils and other thoughtfully chosen ingredients that don't just smell delightful. They're tough on messes too when it comes to cleaning. It's more fun if it smells like the garden. So visit mrs meyers.com now.


Oh man, nothing is worse than a bad cold that knocks you down hard. That's why it's convenient to keep the new Theraflu soft chews right at your fingertips. They have the same multis symptom relief that you get from Theraflu. Not only are they packed with the power of Theraflu in every single bite, but the easy to take chewables are simpler than making soup or tea or whatever. So be prepared and grab some new Theraflu soft chews fast anywhere. Relief by your side. Use as directed


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa, when she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable Boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa, to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.