
It doesn't matter what plays you call if you don't have the personnel to run them. Lowe's Red Vest Associates can help you execute whatever home improvement project you've drawn up on top of that. With the Lowe's app on in-store mode, it's easy to call your own number and find anything yourself. Or if you're really under pressure, order online before 2:00 PM to get it. Same day at home. Lowe's know's home improvement. Lowe's is an official partner of the NFL Same Day, valid on eligible in stock items in select zip codes only subject to driver availability. Fees vary based on purchase exclusions and more terms apply See lowe's dot com slash same day delivery for details.


Hey There, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite Moneyball the Blind Side in Liar's Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The Volume,


TD Teddy taking it to the house. Reservations for six, whatever you call a touchdown one thinks for sure touchdowns matter Moore at DraftKings Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL on the ground in the air from the special teams or the defense. We don't care how you score 'em. We want to bet on touchdowns and at DraftKings Sports book is the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first NFL bet. Try something as simple as betting on a player. To score a touchdown, go to Draftking Sports book app and make your bet today ready to do your touchdown dance of your own new drafting. Customers can bet five bucks and get 250 instantly in bonus bets and get one month free of NFL plus premium. Download the Drafting sports app use code Shannon. That's code Shannon for new customers to get 250 in bonus bets. When you bet. Just five books and get one month free of NFL Plus Premium. Only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit, wagering and eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


Nah man hurt you by the woman man. Yeah, they Will. He might not Ocho this. In my experience, I'm 56 years of age, Ocho got a little bit more practice than you. Whoa, whoa. The one thing I know, the only thing I notice about You had a little more practice than who Now. Now don't don't do that. Don't do that. Trust me. Trust Me. No, no. Hey you know what, Man, don't Trouble. I don't wanna get in trouble. You right. You have more. You have more than me. More than a man. Might not even want the woman. Mm. Let another man show interest in her. Yeah, yeah. I know what you mean. I know what you're talking about. Man. That's my wi hold on. She told me y'all live in a park. What you mean that's your wife?


She said y'all been separated for two years. Oh, that's my baby mama. Yeah, she, she told Yeah, You right bro. You right. Right. My bad, my bad bro. I didn't know. She told me y'all was a I ain't gonna put you, I ain't gonna, I ain't gonna put, I don't put her out there like that when she told me X, y, and Z. Right. Even when I got caught in the situation, I didn't tell a man. She told me she woke my bad bro. Yeah, I'm wrong. Yeah. It ain't that serious bro. I get my stuff a, even if I out somewhere a somebody come up, I leave. Oh yeah, I'm gone. I'll let y'all handle that. Hell yeah. You know, and you know, you gotta be careful too.


Now you know you some, some men, some men will crash out by they people not only crash out by they people, but sometimes you don't even get a second chance. Sometimes you don't even get a second chance. So women have to understand who they're dealing with and who they're dating or who they're trying to break up with and understanding not putting a new man in danger or in uncomfortable positions. 'cause you already know how the person feel, feel about you. Yeah. Don't, don't put me in harm's way. Don't, don't do that. Don't do that. You, I be, I be Why crash out that, Listen, hey Man, look here.


I'm telling you somebody hurt you, but man, look here. Yeah. I got a, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't joke around with that. Somebody say that's my lady. Yeah. I take his word for it. I ain't with that aint what he saying. Yeah. You might not be with him, but he with you. You and that's enough for me. Yeah. I ain't got Yeah, you, you don't got time to play with that. Oh no. Hell no. You don't got time. You know it ain't worth it. Listen, a man, a man, boy, whatever it may be, for some reason they don't, they don't think Right. They don't think logical or logically when it comes to woman that they love a woman that they like, they don't think logically in this day and age, man shit.


But I don't want no part of that. Just go back. I want what did, what did, what did baby, what did David do to Bathsheba's husband put him on the front line? 'cause he wanted her. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Joe, I throw my hands up quick, bro. I a, I ain't no bro, my bad. I'm wrong. I'm wrong bro. I'm wrong. I ain't, Hey, I ain't trying to be no hero. I ain't trying to save nobody. I'm p At all at at all. And I think that, I think that jealousy like that and insecurity is, is manifested is, you know, is is manifested in, in believing that an individual is your property.


It, it, it, I I see it personally as you feeling as it's, its ownership. Yeah. I'm, I'm, I just, I I can't, I can't move like that. It just don't feel right. It, it, it don't feel right. Like if, if, if baby, baby in their sleep right now, if baby has made the decision that, you know what I don't want, I don't wanna, this ain't working out. I don't wanna be with you no more. Gotta let it go, Man. I'm, I'm okay. Bet. You know I appreciate You can't make nobody, you can't make nobody be with you. Ocho. I I appreciate the time that we spent. Yep. I appreciate the time and the memories that we created. Hell, I'm happy for the little one we got. I wish you the best with whoever's next.


All that jealousy and all. You ain't going nowhere. You ain't finna, you ain't finna play with me like that. Nah, fuck bitch. Oh man. Ojo, Why hit em quick, man. My mind. Yeah, bitch, I'm o show I man gone, you know. Oh yeah. It, you know the the ego, the ego, the ego and the pride gotta kick it at some point. It gotta kick it at some point. Yeah. Especially my back against the wall and a situation like that. Well, shit, nigga, Because I know because here's the thing, Ocho, because if another dude, he gonna be like, yeah man, man, he was over there. I was in situation Ocho it. She didn't tell me. Right, right. I didn't know. Right. I was over at the check house.


Oh, come on. But not, didn't number one. You, you never go to a woman's House. Oh. Oh, Joe. This Ocho, that was, that was 35 years ago. Okay. You Ocho, you know your boy I far take all laid up. Take your time now. Take your time. Well, he called me twice. He called me twice, Lord. He called me twice Ocho. Hold On. So he done warned you one time you done went back again?


No. Okay. He caught me at the house. Right. She told me, Shannon, I don't wanna be with him. I said, well why don't you tell him that? She said, I told him. She said, well what about what if we meet somewhere? Right. I said, where we gonna meet Hotel? Huh? Hotel? No. Ocho. Take your time. We meet somewhere. Yes, sir. I still don't know to this day because back then there was no GPS on the phone or No car there, no air tags or none of that.


How this man find us? Oh, you bullshitting Ocho. You remember the movie Hitch? When Will Smith, when Will Smith and he rolled the window down and it was raining. Right. And he asking y'all had to come up off of what? He would cry. He was crying. Did you console him? And that's the perfect time. That's the perfect time. What Left? I said, You left. What you want me to do? I crying. But that's the perfect time for you to pull him aside.


That's the perfect time. You gotta have that talk with him. I pulled so out him, him side though, trust me. But he had to, he had to ruin my mojo. Hey, hey, hey, I, hey, hey man, you can't, you can't let, you can't let brothers, you know, especially at a time like that. Even though you owe him nothing, even though you owe him nothing. When you see someone, I, I, I said, you know what, I'm out. I said, bro, you know what I said, you can have. I said, you can Have it. You can't do that Unc. You can't do that. You can't let him go out like that. I let him have it. You can't let him go outside like that. He said she wanted to be with me.


She was bad. She was bad. She was bad. No, bad bad. But see, Unc, can I say something? Can I say something real quick for you? Now you have to understand, she got to a point where she'll tolerate you until she replace you. And you were replacement. You were the replacement. Yeah. Now you understand, even though you are who you are at some point at cycle repeats itself Yeah. At some point. So you always got to keep that in mind in the back of your head. You never wanna be, you never wanna be number one. You never want to be number one. Because number two, get all the benefits. Yeah. Chad, stay with me now. And if you're number two, stay number two. Yeah.


Always, always stay. Number two. Always. And I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm telling you now, now I, I mean I'm, listen, I'm not, I'm not talking about my situation. But anyway that's, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, that's number one that they ain't, boy it's a different ball game. Sometimes you gotta grow up. But in other situations it's, it's imperative. Unless you found that one. Stay number two, man. Stay number two. It's the best, it is the best position to, to, to, to ever have. Because you get to hear all the complaining about number one and all the bullshit. Yeah. You, you ain't gotta deal with nothing. Look, I didn't know, like, like I said, I was over there and I, he obviously my car was parked in the front.


Oh, well that's How we saw you. No, but the next time we was off in the woods, like we a high school In the woods. Yes. Well, you freaking on witch project as Okay. Hey boy. Hey. Oh, you hit the, your hip got bad. Better Come On to get it. Oh, Hell no, man. But I Ocho to this day, I still don't know how he found us.


I don't, I still don't know how this day till he found us. He, he somebody, he, somebody will follow him. Somebody will follow. He was following one or the other. That's the only way. Especially when I think about wherever you were, I think about woods and, and how spacious, whatever area you, you had to be in, someone had to be following ahead of time and be able to know exactly where you were. That's, I learned my lesson. I said I'm done with it. That hey, I ain't, I ain't Finn to tussle with no guy. That's my, that's my bro. If that's your people Yeah, People, I'm good with it. Yeah. You have it Now. Don't call me. No, don't call me. Yeah. Don't call. Oh, He call your phone? Nah, nah. Oh gee. I I never, I never, I never, because it, it was like, you know what, I'm gonna let it, I'm gonna let it Rob.


Yeah. I'm out. Yeah. Hey yo. It's a dirty world man. It's a dirty game. A lot, a lot of men have lost their lives behind that for sure. Situation you just explained. Because they don't give a chance. They don't, they don't have a guy or they, they don't have a listen. Women got, they, you better understand who you're dealing with. You better under, man. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna leave that alone. 'cause I, I done lost a lot of friends like that. Boy, I done lost a lot of friends like that. Women being sneaky, not understanding. You know that. Excuse me, I'm gonna say it the n word. You know that boy don't play about you. Why Thank you. So Why you even playing like that? Yes. And not, not one of my people is gone.


Life gone. Because you wanna play and be sneaky And you know, Everybody don't play the same about they woman or the woman that they may think is there. Sure Will. That all way. You don't tell me. You telling me you telling him one thing. But you know he think another, you saying you telling everybody, oh, I'm not with him no more. But hell, he still with you. He with you. Huh? Hey. Yeah. You had to learn Ocho. I didn't, I didn't realize because, you know, I heard people getting caught in situation. But I'm thinking to myself, I'm who I am. I'd never be in a situation like that. Ocho. I'm Shit. You will Until you find yourself in that situation.


Yeah. You never understand. Because at that, at that point in time, I ain't never had a gun pulled on me. Ocho. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That, that story was crazy boy. What? And you wanted to go back and get your what, what you wanted to go back and get your what? What You got My rolly, but hey, better. I had to get that Ocho, man. That thing was 50 band. That thing was all bag headed out black face presidential man. Buck say man, damn. We say man, sharp man, you going, man, you gonna get us killed. Well you better pull back up there. You going to get that watch. Huh? And had my 84 chain. I had a 84 chain that my brother had brought me.


Right. So I brought, I brought the necklace, but he brought me, he brought the 84, he gave me the 84. Right. He could have had the, he coulda had the watch. Right. Really? If he say, nah bro, I give you the necklace, I'm gonna keep the watch, I'd have let that slug sleep. Right, right, right, right, Right. That that chain that my brother gave me. Oh, I need that. I bro, put that gun down. Fight me for it. I'd be, dude, Hey Ocho, you know how them dudes be in the street when they tell the police officer? Yeah. Oh. If you take that, you take that belt off, take that badge Off. Yeah. I have told, Hey bro, you, hey, you want the chain? Put that gun down and fight me for it.


I beat the brakes up. You wasn't playing about that chain, huh? What? Yeah, I Ocho, I I cleaned the house with it. What? Damn. Fight me for it. Hey, that's dope. That's dope. Bad. Look, Ocho, I've had opportunities. I mean, I've had opportunities to write a book. Yeah. I got some stories, Ocho. Oh yeah. The stories that I told you. Yeah. If I were to tell some of the stories. Right. Yeah. You I got some stories. Yeah. You done been through some stuff man. I, I got, I got, I got, I, I, listen, I got I some, I have some great hold.


Let me take, let me, let me, let me, lemme put my glasses down. I got some great stories on. Yeah. You know, but it, it, it, it, it wouldn't behoove me to share that kind of information based on Yeah. That went on during those days. Yeah. Because I was, I Was because of, because of the position I'm in now and who I'm with. It did. Yeah. It wouldn't end well. Nah, it wouldn't end well. Yeah. And like, y'all been together. Y'all been together for a minute now. So back like when I was in my twenties. Mm. I ain't gonna lie. Ocho. Yeah. Hey. But now like I say, what they tell me, Hey dude, show up. That's me. That's my people.


You right bro. My bad. Hey, I put my defensive position. Yeah. I ain't gonna say what she said. Right. She said y'all wasn't together. She blah, blah, blah. She been calling me. This ain't the first none of that. You right bro. My bad. I'm sorry. I'm gonna keep it moving. Yeah. Ocho, Ocho. Hey, I, hell now man, and I, and I I'm done with that. I, I'm just thinking about, I'm thinking about dudes. When you have a woman, I, and I can, I can only speak for myself. When you have a woman that you know is playing with you like that and you know, she's seeing somebody else.


So she being, she, she moving weird and she moving funny. Mm. And obviously some, sometimes men, you don't wanna leave the situation you in. And I always thought to myself, if she moving funny, why not just do the exact same thing? Why just do the exact same thing? Oh, you wanna move weird. Okay, I'm gonna move here too. You know what I I, the, the situation we're in, I can't really put myself in to leave right now. It hurt different when a woman move funny because men look, see men look at women differently. It hurt. Oh, whoa. It hurt. Who? It hurt different. How different how? Ocho. You don't want nobody fishing. What, What I told you about managing expectations when it come to I know, but I'm saying but, but normally you already done got them expectations in, so you got to go in managing expectation.


Once y'all done, you done been there, bro. You don't want nobody fishing in your pond. If you, if you, if you've been number two for a while. Right. If you, if you've been number two for a while, this is where I don't, I, this is where for us, we have to stop living in delusion. A as men and just in, just in general. Just in general. So if you've been number two for a while and understand the playing field when you're in your twenties or you in your teens and you, and you're 25 and you're 30, and you understand what women were able to do with you, with Yeah. Women that are married, women that are taken, women that are in situations, women that are in relationships. You understand what they were able to do with You. Now, I don't fool no married woman that I know Now. I I know what you mean. But stay with me for a little bit now.


Okay. Understand the landscaping, what they were able to do with you and you was number two. Sometimes even number three, sometimes you only be two or three. Maybe you was number four if they could do it to you. I put my, my ego and my pride aside. If I Yeah. Do one. There's a chance it can happen to me too. Yeah. I don't have, I I'm just saying in general, I don't have no big head But Ocho. But I, I do, I live in reality and I'm not delusional. If you number two or three, it's one that should have the problem. Yeah. Because you already know you two. Yeah. It's the dude that's one. Yeah. That doesn't know there's a two or a three. Oh Listen, you know what, but you don't know your woman.


You gotta know your woman. You got to know your woman. You understand, understand who you're dealing with, how you don't know. That's number two. It's easy to tell. It's very easy to tell based on how a person is moving. If you're doing shit that's outta character that you never done before. Women good with that thing. Ocho, they, they, hey, women can stay in character. Boy, wait, Listen, wait. Unc boy, I've been, the camera ain't gotta be rolling for me to get in character either. Unc, I Unc like, boy, the game is the game Unc. I'm telling you, you've been doing it 56 years. But man, listen boy, I'm sharper than the number two pencil.


Now. You play, play, play. If play, if you want to act fun, if you wanna bitch, it'll be a comedy show. And I'm, I'm not gonna say nothing. Like I don't, I don't all that chasing, oh that's my girl. Oh. That's how we moving. Okay. Be Oh yeah, you That I can show you better than I can tell you. And I, now I know one thing, at some point women have to understand if the person you're seeing gets fed up, who's the number one and decides to leave, you think number two finna take you serious. Nah. He like his role. Exactly. So now you playing, you playing with fire. So you playing with your for sure Trying to play with some more and you lose out.


You asking, gonna be by your goddamn self For sure. But something like, something like to play that game 'cause they overestimate their value. Well, well shit, I can go get me another one. Oh yeah. Okay bitch. In this economy. 'cause what's gonna happen is you go from number one to just another notch on another nigga roster. Mm. That part You go from that part. You go from number one to just another notch on someone else's roster. And now you just become a number. Mm. How you gonna play overestimating your value? Boy, ain't nothing out there in them streets now. That's it. Ain't nothing out there in them streets now.


Alright. It ain't got be Sunday. You drop the sermon on them. Come on Now. Raiders fans want Antonio Pierce to be fired after kicking the field goal down aiding the red zone with two plus minis remaining Raiders signed Desmond Ritter off Arizona Practice squad Ocho. What's going on with the Raiders? Hey, I Didn't want the man fight already. How they want the man fight already. You got to understand what's going on.


As, as a Raider fan, you lose Devonte Adams as a Raider fan. You don't really have consistent quarterback play in order to no an efficient run NFL team to be able to compete week in and week out. The one position that you need. You got to have your quarterback, you got to have a quarterback, you got to, Without it, you got no chance At all. And if you don't have a quarterback, everything else around the quarterback has to be vast, terrible, greater. Yeah. I mean, it's, it's terrible, but it has to be that much greater to be able to compete week in and week out.


Damn man. You wanted to fired a man already. Man, come on now. Damn. Damn. Speaking of jobs Ocho, I found out you had a 58th job. Tell us about it. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Chat, chat, chat, chat, chat. Y'all stay with me real quick. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm tripping. I, I couldn't see, I couldn't see. Hey, chat. Can y'all hear me? I wanna make sure I got y'all attention. I want y'all to pretend like we at a, we gotta speak easy. Okay?


Okay. Snap with me. I've gotten, I've gotten my 387th 11th job. Right? You hear me? I Hear you. So everybody in this chat knows how much I love the game of soccer. Everybody knows how much I love soccer and I got the opportunity thanks to Apple. I'd like to thank everyone over at Apple. We all know the MLS postseason stars tomorrow with the wild card matches. More importantly, arguably maybe the greatest soccer player of all time by the name of Messi makes his first MLS appearance on October 25th.


And guess who's gonna be there calling the game, talking about the game, sharing his experience and his love about the game on that broadcast as inter Miami plays their first MLS post-season game. Well actually Messi's first MLS post-season game. That'll be me. Wow. That's cool. That'll be me making the appearance on the broadcast. So I need everybody to do me a favor, even if you don't watch the game of soccer, even if you don't. So everybody in the chat that me, I should had all, all of you watching in their Miamis in message's first MLS postseason game because I'm going to be on the broadcast. So I need all you to do me a favor to tune in Apple to Apple TV on a Friday, October 20 match.


Starts at 8:30 PM Eastern and best. It's free for y'all. It's free for y'all. Make sure y'all tune in, check your boy out. You've never seen me in this space. Now, if I start crying because I love the game of soccer like that, I love the beautiful game to that point, just bear with me. So I need y'all to tune in October 25th. All right? Congratulations. Well Deserved. I appreciate that. Appreciate it. Appreciate that. Thank you everybody at Apple. I appreciate the opportunity. And this is, this is, this is a lot for me. Get outta here. Ocho. Tua says he won't wear a guardian cap.


Dolphins running back. Dave Devon, a chan. A chan, yeah. War won against the coast on Sunday to return from a concussion. Buta said he will not do the same. TOA said it's a personal choice. When asked why he decided not to wear the extra protection, also asked about those who are concerned about him putting himself at risk of lasting problems due to brain injury. He said there's a gray area in terms of what doctors believe in terms of long-term impact of concussions and playing football is what makes me happy and I'm gonna do it. I appreciate your concern. I really do. I love this game. I love it to death. I love it to the death of me. That's it.


Hey, hey Chad. Lemme, lemme help, lemme help everybody. Hey Chad, listen to me real quick. And, and I'm, I'm not trying to be rude. I'm not trying to, to come off and in insensitive, I understand he's had concussions. You know what you sign up for When you play a game of this magnitude that is as violent as it is the guardian cap, the fuck is the guardian cap gonna do? I mean, no disrespect, I mean no disrespect. Oh, the brain itself, Chad, y'all stay with me. The brain itself, it sits in a ball, a ball of fluid, right? No amount of extra padding externally, which is the guardian cap can fully protect players from concussions, especially if they've already had them multiple concussions.


The brain is already damaged from crashing against the skull over and over and over. And there is no amount of protection including a guardian cap that is gonna pro protect the skull in general from the helmet. The, the helmet impact just, I mean just the guardian cap. Because still if you do get hit again, even with the guardian cap on, the ball of fluid is going to hit the skull and the same thing is going to happen. The same thing's gonna happen. I think that's why they, This this perceived notion that, oh, if you put the guardian cap on, oh it's gonna prevent concussions. No the fuck It's not. No, it's not gonna prevent it.


Just like, just like you could wear your seatbelt and still die in a car crash. Yeah. Yeah. Just like the air, just like the airbag. You could still die, but it does offer an extra layer of protection. I it's not the end all be all Right. Right, right, right. IIII understand, I understand what you mean. But these players are moving at such a fast rate of speed once that once you're jarred up there, once you're jarred up there, even with that guardian cap and that fluid and that and that, that that brain hits the skull again, it's gonna be the same. It's gonna be, it's gonna be the same thing. I don't think people, people at home, I know you watch football and you see it. I'm not sure how close you've been to the game.


Them motherfuckers moving fast as hell, man. The research says the guardian caps have contributed to nearly 50% reduction in concussions. The cap can absorb at least 10% of the force of a hit according to NFL research. That 10% of force makes a massive difference. I ain't buying them numbers. I ain't buying them numbers. Lemme ask you a thing. You think a seat belt say help save lives? Yeah. Oh yeah. It does. It does. That's why they say, hey, that's why they tell you to buckle up. Oh, So you don't want that extra layer protection in the you want the extra level protection in the car, but not in your area.


What about airbags? Hey, you, you, you hear the numbers. They, you see how, you see how they threw the numbers out for the, for the, for the guard. For the guardian cap, right? Yeah. You have to study. You have to do research, don't you? How Did you the research, if they're not using players, that's actually playing using them. So where the research coming at you, you have to do it on the players that are actually playing in the games and play a full seven and practice season. Huh? In practice, you know, everybody practice A little, they they hit nobody in practice, man. They do hit Come on. Don't do me like that, Man. Lemme ask you a question. How much does the seatbelt, how much does the seatbelt reduce death? How much does the airbag It it, it it saves lives now. It does. Like no, no bullshit.


I'm not even, I'm not even gonna sit here and play like that. I I know multiple stories with the fact that they had they seatbelt on and it saved they ass. Yes. And sometimes, guess what, what's the guy that fought Crawford? Who he got thrown from his car? He didn't have his seatbelt on and he lived. Yeah. God damn my mind. Ence jr. Yeah. Think about it. Yeah. A mouthpiece helped cut down on concussions because you banging down on something. Yeah. You didn't wear one. I didn't wear one Shit. I ain't wear one. And I, I got, I got, I got lucky. I got lucky.


Let me knock on wood. Got lucky and fortunate. I had one concussion. Remember that? You saw that hit, huh? Where we knocked out on the field? Oh, you got knocked out too? I got knocked out several times. Hey, Yours was, you got knocked out more than once. Remember the Yeah. Hell yeah. Skinny route. You ran the skinny route in the middle of the ski. I got hit, I got hit in Minnesota, got knocked out. I got knocked out twice in Minnesota. I knocked myself out against the Patriots at, on, on, on Monday night. Right. At Least, at least four times. Yeah. I saw the highlight on Twitter. I ain't even know he got knocked out. But obviously Brian, I, I wonder where Brian, if anybody know where Brian Russell is safety that played with the Cleveland Browns that went in front my chin when I had that goddamn blonde mohawk that knocked me out.


He got me too. He Oh, he got, he got you. That's who got me in Minnesota back in 2002. Dunno. So you know what? That's, that's racist. That's, that's, that's racist because if he got you in and got me, that means it's a motherfucking pattern. Yeah. That's, that's my dude Brian Russell, I'm not sure where you are. I love you. I miss you. I appreciate you. And because of you, I wouldn't, I I I am who I am today. And that's the one time I had a concussion. Huh? Well, two times. I, I was Louis Delma. Remember Louis Delma? Yeah. Boy, boy, boy. A he got me good. My head bounced right off the turf.


All I saw, all I saw was black and I saw the little star. The little dots. Yeah. Oh, he got me. Good. All I'm saying is Ocho had they had that and I'd had the, the concussions Right. Because Like if they, we didn't, we got, you got your bail wrong. Yeah. It wasn't, I I ain't hear the term concussion until later in my career. Right. You got your bail wrong, you got dinged. But to have it, and if I had a layer of protection, because I think, like you said, Kelsey had one. Steve Tasker wore that extra protection on the top of his helmet. Don bb Don Bebb. Yeah. That big ass extra Xavier. So He said he, he said he didn't wanna wear it. Yeah. I mean That's the end of that.


That's the end of that for me. Ocho. Yeah. And his return to the game against his former team, Saquon had himself a special afternoon. He had 176 yards and a Russian touchdown. Nick Ani told Saquon he was just 13 yards shy of his career high for Russian yards in a single game. Knowing how cool it would probably have been to set the mark against his par former team, Ani gave Saquon the option to stay out of the game. To stay in the game or to come out. Saquon said he'd rather see the young player in the backups get an opportunity. He used the term eat how he wanted to see his teammates Eat. Yeah. Do you like this Ocho? Yeah. I like it. I like it. After rushing for 176 goddamn yards against your old team that let you goddamn go.


You got damn right. I'm gonna, I'm gonna let the young boys eat. Now if you didn't have those numbers, if the stat line, if the stat line didn't look the way it did, if you weren't winning the game, I doubt you'd come out the game. But he had done all he could. Yeah. The message was sent clear, not through his mouth, but through his plate. The message was sin clear, how dare you treat me the way you did and let me go. That's like seeing you letting your, your, your, you tell your girl, you know what, you know, I don't wanna be with you no more. I'm finna let you go. And she going, she upgrade and then when you see her, she come out stunting on you. Look looking better than ever. Went and got a cut her hair, put on a little dress, little freak dress, got her little heels out. You know, little French tip. Yeah.


Over told here. Oh, she got that. Oh, she got that giddy girl dress on. Yeah, That girl. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And ain't ain't nothing you could do about it. And you just watch her prancing around having a motherfucking day. And that's what Saquon did. He had a, he had a day. Why you dress up like that? You ain't dress up like that for me, for me. Hey, that's funny. Yeah. But that's, that's unbelievable. That's a, that's a great story. I mean Saquon is like, I, I've only met him a couple times, but Yeah. Cool dude, He seems like a standup guy. Cool dude. I know he wanted to be with the Giants, but they wanted to play.


Yeah. And they about, oh, they offered him the same money. Oh. After the Eagles. So in other words, oh, after you find out that I got another date, now you want Me back now you want Oh no, I wish I might Too late. And he was going to the perfect situation. The perfect situation. You mean the Eagles offer me money. A better team Quarter. Better off his line. Better quarterback, quarterback, better Officer line. And you think I'm coming back to you who won't even cook me breakfast After you done play after you hold on. After you done made me play on the franchise tag, Stop playing with me. Nah, I'm Gone bro. You don't see my value, bitch. I'm gone. Yeah, you see it over here though.


The New York guest dropped their fourth game in the row on Sunday falling to the Steelers 37 15. The Jets are not two and five and facing uphill battle to make the postseason post-season. Despite having Aaron Rogers as quarterback and newly acquired. Devonte Adams Oh, with Zack Wilson. They were four and three at the same point. But I Yeah, They sure was. Yeah. Julian Edelman thinks Tom Brady's to blame for the mess yet find themselves in, you've got to blame Brady for this because, I mean, he goes over to Tampa and wins the Super Bowl. Now everyone thinks they can do it. So this is the new wrinkle in the league where teams are trying to buy Super Bowls. Ocho, do you agree? No, not at all. Not at all. You, you understand the landscape of the team that Tom Brady went to.


They were already built. They were already built and had the team and the infrastructure to be able to go to a Super Bowl and make a, and make a run the jet, the jets weren't built like that. Maybe on the de on the defense end, they might have what it takes to be able to make that run. But can't Aaron Rogers come in and be Superman with that Jets offense and take them to a Super Bowl? Probably not. Probably not. And the fact that you just said the numbers at this same point last year with Zach Wilson, they were four and three. The jets are now two and five with a much better quarterback who was established, who's done more as in, in a really, really good resume. The MVP, the pro bowler Super Bowl champion.


And they're two and five at this point. So I understand what Edman is trying to say, but there's only one Tom Brady. Yeah. As great as Aaron Rogers is. And you understand, you understand the situation that Tom Brady went to, the team he went to, it was perfect. All they needed was a quarterback. It was a quarterback away. Yeah. That's all that, that's all they needed. They would, they were gonna be a playoff team if Jamis didn't turn the ball over 35 times. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. So if Brady cut that down in half, they gonna make the playoffs. Yeah. Okay. Knowing Brady, he's not gonna have half, he's not gonna have 17 turnovers, which is half for 35. So let's just say he has 10 to 12. Yeah.


And none of 'em are pick sixes because there are a lot of pick sixes that Jamus threw of scooping scores. Yeah. And that defense, That defense was hell boy. And you know Matthew Stafford team, all they needed was a quarterback, right? Yeah. He comes in Super Bowl Timing, Peyton Manning, he comes in, they go 13 and three next year. Super Bowl, super Bowl 55 touchdowns 50 over 5,400 yards records. Next year they go, what? 13 and three, miss it next year. Super Bowl. Yeah. It's different. But That team. But look what they had, they had juniors, they had De DeMar Demarius Thomas, they had Eric Decker, they had no Sean Marino, they had Julius Thomas, they had a, they had a skill position.


All you need, all you needed was the Quarterback. They had a von Miller. Now they go out and they get ake A young Vaughn Miller at that. They go get a Akeem to leave. They go get DeMarcus Ware. Chris, Chris Harris Jr. Is a free agent. They go get Boss Ward. Now you cook, now you got something Cooking. So they have pieces in place to just not even close to what Tampa had not close to what the Rams had. They're not close to what the Broncos had. But I understand what he's saying though. I do too. I understand what he's saying. But not, not even. Yeah.


NBA star, Anthony Edwards says he will play at the NFL if he wins a ring in the next few years. I told my homeboy if I win a ring in the next three to four years, I'm going to play football. I like it. And you know, you know, the only reason I'm saying that I like it is because he played football throughout the entirety of his career. I could tell you what position and what what what com what NFL comp comparison I'm comparing him to. I see him like a Durbin James. He gonna play wide receiver And oh, now, you know he can't play no goddamn receiver. Who, that's what He said. He damn big he gonna get his ass locked up and he not fast enough.


You know, I'm, I'm just saying because of his size and he's agile, his lateral movement is really good. You know, he's, he's, he's quick. He's, he's twitchy. He not twitchy like a, a tank de or a Zay Flowers. But you know, he twitchy, you know, for basketball, I could see him playing safety in the box coming downhill. But, but receiver, that's a big boy, man. You know what man? The young dvs get in his chest, man. He won't be able to get off that goddamn line. They think it's easy. Nah, it ain't that. That's, But you gotta look at guy that say, well look at Football players, that's like, like football players thinking we can go hoop. Especially at that level. Shit. You get That boy. Well see people talking about, well look at Julius Peppers.


Julius Peppers played football in college. College. Yeah. Jimmy. Jimmy. What's Jimmy Graham played football in college. Yeah, Tony Gonzalez played football in college. Yeah, because they were two way guys. Right. They didn't take seven, eight years off of playing a sport. And then go try to pick, say sport back up. Yeah. But hey, I wanna see it. I shit. I do too. I do too, man. I'll be watching. I know. Ain't be watching. It ain't gonna be received. I know that. Alright, Ocho, it's time. Your segment is here. Yeah, it is time for Soccercap, Soccercap, Soccercap.


Wait, we ain't got no graphic. I guess not Ocho. Sorry.


Hey, my good people. You know what tomorrow is? You have a Champs League continues this week with Match day three. And as a reminder, you can stream every single match, live exclusively on Paramount Plus Madrid host Doman in the rematch of the most recent Champion League final tomorrow on Tuesday, October 22nd at 3:00 PM Eastern. Then Wednesdays Slate is highlighted by Barcelona versus Byron at 3:00 PM Robert Lewandowski faces his former club, which will be a massive, massive matchup. Both teams need points to move up in the Chambers League standings. Both matches are streaming exclusively on Paramount Plus. Do me a favor, everybody in the chat head to paramount plus.com/live sports to sign up. Obviously for the Real Madrid Doman match, they played 50 matches against each other. Madrid has won seven of those matches. Doorman has won three, there've been five draws. Madrid has 26. Gold Doorman has 19 goals. All 15 of the team past contests have come in the Champions League. Lemme see for me when it comes the, the Real Madrid dormant match I have as a winner. Oh my goodness. I'm going real Madrid. I'm going Real Madrid and Bape and Bape Rodrigo and goddamn Venetian jr. They, they got to get it done. They, they got to get it done as far as the n the the previous match between Barcelona and in, in Byron, it's in Barcelona's on fire right now. Barcelona's on Fire right now. They played 15 matches against each other. Barcelona has only won two of those matches and Byron has won 11, they've had four, they had two draws. But you don't, I don't think you watch Al Liga, but Barcelona is on Fing Fire right now and they put everybody on notice in La Liga. So I was, at first I was going with Byron to win this game, but with Barcelona being informed like they are now, I'm going with Barcelona to beat Byron and probably shock some of the people that are betting on the game. I'm, they, they, they probably gonna be shocked. Other than that, that's why I got what in that game. And that is my Soccercap for tonight.


There it is. Soccercap Ocho Cinco style. Alright, Ocho last segment of the day is time for q and a. Alright, hold on, let me, lemme put some socks on my feet cold as hell. Hold on. First question comes from Adam Blades. Hey Unc, going back to Mahomes. Tom Brady said during the game, Mahome isn't playing for stats anymore. He's playing to win games. All that matters to him. Do you agree with that statement? So he's trying to throw interceptions, he's trying to overthrow receivers. Of course not. He's just a little off right now. I don't think, you know, I don't think he's playing. I I don't think he wants to throw 451 yards, but right now he's off a little bit.


The receivers. I mean, look, it's not like he's throwing to, you know, top 10, top five receivers and you know, he has to win the way he has to win. They have to play with the outstanding defense, get the running game cranked up, and then when they need him to make a throw, he has to make throws. But I don't think he's out there like playing for No, he's not playing for stats. None of the court, none of the, the, the elite quarterbacks. I mean, once you win, you try to win. But the same of Holmes is like, yeah, well if I just go out here and I play, most guys can't, most teams, their quarterback can't play like Mahomes and win games. They can't throw two interceptions. They can't turn the ball over like Mahomes is turning the ball over and be as inefficient at each band.


No, you can't do that. That's what's surprising to me. That is the most surprising thing to me is that the way their offense is playing and they're six and Oh, Who you talking about? You think Lamar, you, you think Lamar Jackson? Because the guy said he was asking said Tom Brady said during the telecast that Mahomes isn't playing for stats anymore. He's playing to win games. Right. And that's all that matters. Do you agree with the statement? Yeah. That's all that matters. But what quarterback could play like Mahomes? Eight to eight interceptions six touchdowns and they'd be undefeated. Yeah. No, not, not very many. Nobody. Nah, not, not very many. I mean, if in the ones that can do it, they're retired. Huh? Exactly. The ones that can do it are retired.


Rapid Collect says Unc. What shoes are you rocking in the woods? There you go, man. Had on some sneakers, man. You know, Hey, hey, that was a good story. Boy. That was a good story. Hey LB Cool. Said, do you have any songs that pumped you up before the game? Nah bro. I listened to Michelle Indego cello or Maxwell, I needed something to calm me down. I couldn't listen to music to hype me up. Yeah. I couldn't, I was already too amped up, man. I pass out. Yeah, I, when my, my pregame music that's was was either jazz obviously for those of you in the chat know I love, I love Sinatra but I had talked so much shit during the week to the opposing team and sit sending gifts and all this stuff.


I needed to be as calm as possible and locked in. Not all riled up. Like, just like you said. Huh? I couldn't, I couldn't be rah rah rah. Right. Because I didn't, I ain't had no choice but to show up. 'cause I already, I already, I already put the debate out there so I ain't got no choice but to play. Right. I ain't need to hear no Jeezy. No, no, none of, and you know, that's when Jeezy came out, like in oh 4, 0 5 said, oh my god, Dr. Frank Bellamy the hell when I was well T-shirt looks great. Brilliant idea. Thank you doc. Yeah. Great design by the team. Austin did his thing with these. He does a great job with design. Appreciate everybody at, at 84 And you saw my shirt, my, you saw my shirts came in.


There you go with some foolishness. Daz said Woo, that AP looks fancy on Mondays. Thank you bro. Little something I picked up little something I snatched up, you know, been working on, be working hard so I figured I'd reward myself since Ocho got a new car. What you got? What you got? Wait, hold on. What? No, she bought me that. I ain't buy that. You got it? Yeah, but it was, it was a gift. My baby, she bought me a a a Tesla. What's how you say it? Cyber truck. Cyber truck. Yeah. Yeah. My baby. My baby. My baby bought me, my baby bought me a side truck. 90 Boo boo. Yeah. Ocho, what happened? What happened? That concludes Monday's edition of Nightcap.


We wanna thank everybody that tuned in after the game. Wait, I know there's a lot of people that disappointed that the Cardinals was put on the Cardinals Chargers games was put on ESPN plus God when dislocated his ankle. What's the timeline? That's Huh? Did you forgot I said that? Yeah. Yeah. Oh. Oh, you unsure what happened? Yeah, Yeah. I, I, you know, I, I can see an injury in the spot. The spot exactly what it is from a mile away. I knew it. So thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm your favorite on Shannon Sharp. He is 85. He's Ocho from Liberty City. The bingo ring of Fame honoree, the Pro Bowler, the All pro. That's me. That's Ocho.


Make sure you hit that subscribe button. Make sure you hit that like button and go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We thank you for your subscription. Please make sure you check out Shea by La Portier. We're taking pre-orders. We have it in stock. We're not in every state, but if we're not in a state or city near you, we can ship it to you. And because we have it in stock, two to five days is normally the turnaround. Please go follow my media company page on all platforms. She, Shea Media and my clothing company 84, that's responsible for the T-shirts that I'm wearing. I was hell when I was well in Ocho. Nightcap hoodie. Unc and Ocho tees are back in stock and people have been posting, they've been receiving their merchandise.


So hopefully by the end of this week all orders will be filled. We know that some of the orders they got, they requested double X and got Triple X. Some people requested Triple X and they got double X. We're gonna get all that rectified. We're gonna get all that sorted out. But, so we kindly thank you for your patience and your support. The Ravens, thanks to Lamar Jackson and Derrick Henry. Big, big days ran, won the ball game 41 31 over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. And in that game, Tampa lose wide starting wide receivers. Mike Evans and Chris Godwin. Mike Evans looked like he reinjure his hamstring. Chris Godwin officially suffered a dislocated ankle when they returned.


Were not certain, but Lamar Jackson had him himself a day throwing for five touchdowns. And Derrick Henry ran for 169 yards and called for a touchdown. And the Cardinals kick a field goal with two seconds on the clock and win 1715 over the the Los Angeles Chargers. So thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap. I'm Unc. He's Ocho. We'll see you Wednesday. Wednesday basketball. The Volume.


Hey there, it's Michael Lewis Arthur of Going Infinite, Moneyball the Blind Side, and Liars Poker. On the latest season of my podcast against the Rules, I'm exploring what it means to be a sports fan in America and what the rise of sports betting is doing to our teams, our states and ourselves. Join me and listen to Against the Rules on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search against the rules. Listen to Against the Rules on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.