
You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Optimize your nutrition with Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen Meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like calorie smart and protein plus factors. Keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor five zero off to get 50% off, plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on a randomized controlled clinical trial. Results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or DSW dot com.


Lowe's knows how to help you get the most out of your store run. That's why members save more. With my Lowe's rewards, earn points towards my Lowe's money on eligible purchases. Get access to member only deals and free member gifts. Plus, unlock free standard shipping when you reach Silver Key status. So what are you waiting for? Join for free today, Lowe's. We help you save loyalty programs, subject to terms and conditions. Details at lowe's dot com slash terms subject to change


The Volume.


Who's scoring big this NBA season You are With all the new ways to get in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NBA from Monster Slams. Toing the rock to cleaning the glass. Get behind your favorite player and prop bet you can make on DraftKings home of the NBA player props. Ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking how many points your favorite player will have. Go to Draftking Sports book app and make your pick. First time. Here's something special for you. New Draftking customers can bet $5 and get 150 in bonus bets instantly. Take it to the rack with Draftking Sports book. Every point counts. Download the Draft King Sportsbook app. Use code money move. That's code money moves for new customers to get $150 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crowd is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER or in West Virginia, visit one 800 gambler.net in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. One no sweat bet per new customer issued as one bonus bet based on the amount of initial losing bet. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. See dk g.com/promos for deposit wagering in eligibility restrictions, terms and responsible gaming resources.


This episode of Nightcap is brought to you by Cologuard, a non-invasive colon cancer screening test. Did you know colon cancer is considered one of the most preventable, yet least prevented cancers when caught in the early stages? Colon cancer has a survival rate of 90%. So screening in early detections are key to reducing overall colon cancer deaths. That's why the American Cancer Society recommends that if you're at average risk, you begin screening for colon cancer at age 45. And a convenient way to do that is with Cologuard tests. The Cologuard test allows you to be in control of your co colon cancer screening through prescription based tests delivered to your door with none of the prep that's required for colonoscopy. No liquid prep, no days off, no invasive procedures plus Cologuard tests is affordable. Most insured patients pay $0 and a follow-up colonoscopy is needed after a positive Cologuard test. This is usually covered by insurance also. So if you're 45 years of older and at average risk, you can ask your healthcare provider about screening for colon cancer with a Cologuard test. You can also request a Cologuard prescription today at cologuard.com/podcast. The Cologuard test is intended to screen adults 45 and older at average risk for colorectal cancer. Do not use Cologuard tests if you have had Aus have inflammatory bowel disease and certain hereditary syndromes or personal or family dys. History of colorectal cancer. The Cologuard test is not a replacement for colonoscopies high risk patients. Cologuard tests in adults. 45 to 49 is estimated based on a large clinical study of patients. 50 and older false positive and false negatives can occur. Cologuard is available by prescription only.


Boost Mobile is now legit nationwide 5G Network. So I have to take a break from all the jokes here for just a second and put my serious voice on because I would never ever joke about a 5G network that has invested billions in building 5G towers across the country. Not even once, not even if Mr. Boost Mobile himself asked me to. There's nothing funny about it. Boost Mobile is now the Jet Nationwide 5G network and also provide coverage across 99% of America. Seriously. Visit Boost Mobile dot com or your nearest Boost Mobile store location to learn more. Boost Mobile Network together with our roaming partners covers 99% of the US population. 5G speed. Not available in all areas.


Some might say homes.com is the best home shopping site, but why is it their sleek ad-free user interface? Enjoy search experience without distraction. Maybe it's their unmatched school insight featuring district detail and reviews from expert sources like Niche every parents dream. Or is it their super comprehensive agent directory, or how they always connect you directly to the listing agent on every listing. holmes.com even offers a comprehensive search experience with 22 data visualization layers, seven environmental layers, and an option to search by commute and architectural style holmes.com is bringing you all the in-depth info you need. homes.com. We've done your homework.


Come on ladies and gentlemen. And thank you for joining us for another episode of Nightcap brought to you by Boost Mobile. Visit your nearest Boost Mobile store or Boost Mobile dot com to join their Nationwide 5G network. Today. Y'all know me, I'm your favorite. UNC Shannon Sharp, that guy, the Liberty City legend, the Bingo Ring of Fame auto read. He's a pro bowler on all pro. That's Chad Ochocinco Johnson. That's me. Please make sure you hit that subscribe button, please make sure you hit that like button. And guys go subscribe to the Nightcap podcast feed wherever you get your podcast from. We want to thank each and every one of you for your continued support. Make sure you check out Shade by La Portier. We do have it in stock and we can't think of a better way to celebrate the new year than with a bottle of Shea.


Now if you cannot find it any city or state near you, order it. We'll ship it directly to your door. Please drink responsibly and be safe. Go follow my media company page on all of its platform. That's Shesha Media and my clothing company 84 with 84 being spelled out. We just dropped Nightcap for a lover's collection on Friday. The link is pinned at the top of the chat. Supplies are extremely limited. So once again, once they're gone they're gone. OCHO team Shaq wins the All Star game. Yeah, 41 25 over Team Chuck. The OGs wins the first ever new formatted All Star game Ojo.


I know, I know what you're gonna say. Go ahead. Did you like this format? Listen, I didn't like the format on. I don't even like the games for one. The players aren't even playing for real. Obviously it is all Star break. You wanna, you want to be cautious to to, to make sure you are able to come back and, and, and get through the All-Star break injury free the format. It hasn't made it any more interesting than it was before. The point of having this format was to make it a more interesting for the viewers for those that are basketball fans. But I think they made it maybe five or 10 times worse than it already was. Im just being honest. Honest with you. And this is from someone who, who is not a huge basketball fan but is getting more into the game of basketball.


This didn't help any, not not one bit. I'm not sure what Mr. Silver is gonna do about it. I think maybe the players can come up with a better idea to make it interesting. This this just wasn't it. It just wasn't. Yeah. It's hard to get it back once you lose it. We saw that with the Pro Bowl. Yes sir. And I kept trying to tell those guys on show. Yes sir. I said, guys, they're gonna cancel this. They're not gonna keep giving you guys free money like this. You can't play touch football in a tackle football league. Right. And y'all say I'm listen, I'm not telling. Look, I want you guys to go. You can play. We've done it. I went to a number of Allstar games. You went to a number of Allstar games. It wasn't like a regular season game.


Right. But it was like a nice padded practice what they were doing. And now, I mean they're just running down, jumping up shooting three. It's just, it's just, it's hard. Ocho Yeah. And that's when I told 'em, I said, man, it's gonna be hard to get it back. Yeah. And this is not, look, I get it. I thought the team Shaq, when they played the, the upper, the rising stars. Right. I thought they played harder then end. I was like, you know what if the east and west actually played like this, yeah. Okay. This might be doable Ocho. Yes. But then you not gonna, you not gonna get the stars to play like that uncle. You know them boys. They gonna go out there playing hard like that. No, It's not gonna happen. I mean, maybe, maybe you try one-on-one. Maybe you try horse. Yeah, you gotta try something on your, 'cause this just ain't cutting it.


But you know, This is not cutting it. You know, horse ain't, the horse is not going to to to get the viewers, that's not gonna grab your attention. You have to have some type of format that's gonna grab the viewer's attention and had them locked in the entirety at the time. If anything I say bring back the east west and let's say the winner gets home at home, home court advantage or something. Do a buy in where 18 puts up a million dollars. You know it. And if, if money is an incentive, they will play. Huh. You know, that's what the about. They already have f you money. So what is the incentive for them to play hard? Well it used to be Ocho before they started Reving the revenue. 'cause when I first went to the Pro Bowl, the winners got 10,000. The losers got five. Right. Well you really needed that money because if you invited 10, 11 people, that 10,000 was gone.


You damn sure better try to win that. That they, that's your overhead. You better. Damn Sure. Better try to win that game Ocho to to, to offset some of that cost. But I, I just don't, I just don't really know how the NBA can get it back. I just told you 'cause the guys have made a decision they're not gonna play hard. Yeah. They're just not ocho. Right. I just told you all, listen, get it back to the east versus the west. Yes. Have a pot. Have a pot have the play. No, the players let the NBA put up the pot, let's say $5 million, say 5 million. And the players get to split that 5 million. They get a cut. That's the only way it has to be. In order for them to play hard, it has to be incentivized with money.


Nothing else. There is no format that's gonna get them to play hard. Think about what you just said. Don't, Joe, I've got some of these guys got 250 and 300,000,300 $20 million contract. Ooh. And I've gotta incentivize now I gotta incentivize you for you to showcase your sport. Well let that sink. Think about what you just said, don't you? Yeah. Yeah. I've got tofu. I've got to further incentivize you to showcase your sport. So this is when the, the collection of the NBA's best player. 24. Yeah. Of the best NBA players. Now I need to further incentivize you. Yeah. It used to be an honor to go to the All Star game. It used to be an honor to go to the Pro Bowl. Right. You Know.


Oh, to what happened. You know, you know why you have to incentivize it. We're in a different why. We're in a different era. Allstar Break, that's PTO. That's the play's. PTO. This is my time off. So you telling me I need to work during my break? Okay. You know what? I made the Allstar team. I'm an Allstar. It's a great achievement. You know what? I am honored at the midway point. You feel I played to a certain level while I'm worthy of being one. But you know what, if you're not paying me right? Like I'm being paid during the regular season where I do go all up. Nobody plays their all stars like that. NFL you don't get paid like you in the regular season, don't you? Baseball, hockey. Listen, think Ocho think about this.


So if it doesn't mean that much to you, why the hell they complain when they don't make it? Because every year we hear NFL players complain. They didn't make the all the pro, the Pro Bowl and three basketball players complain. And we, we see all of this. But now when you get there, you don't wanna play. And I tell you why they complain when they don't make the Allstar. 'cause they understand when they make the Allstar on their resume, it looking good when it's time to get paid. When I didn when I feel like I didn Understand that is leverage for their agents. When it's, when it's time to talk contract negotiations. Yes. I'm an all star. I'm an all pro. You know, whatever it is, it may be that link. You Don't go good ocho you know how it is once you get tired, once you reach a certain level, what did Tom Brady do?


He stopped going. A lot of these quarterbacks, they stopped going. Right. Right. Okay. Let somebody else have that spot that's gonna be inspired to play and play and play. That's what I did with a man who, the back of who first alternate. Hey bro, I'm out. Go ahead and take it. Wait, You got It. 'cause I understand, like you said, gonna look good on their resume. That's, I'm not gonna go over there and bull drive around. I did one year, but I was in the contract year. Yeah. Yeah. See when I was in the contract, yay. Hey, contract year. I said, oh no, y'all not fitting, I'm not fitting to get injured. And we ain't take but two tight ends. Yeah. And Tom Compton was running double tight end. I said, y'all kiss my butt, I'm outta this thing. I say I'm outta here. First quarter I went and got me two knee, two ice bags put on both knees.


Yeah, you got it. I don't know if they were hurting or not, but they felt good after the game. But I, I, I actually, I just, I this this bug, this bugs me. Ocho Yeah. I I I really hate it because this is a, an opportunity. Look, I I I grew up watching the All Star game. Oh yeah. And watching Bird and Magic them go at it. Isaiah them and you see the younger cats, Garnet and Kobe. Yeah. They was trying to beat the Ease guys. They Was going at it. Boy, I don't going at when this Joe, I'm gonna be honest, I don't know when this happened where the disconnect was. They like, Hey, let's just dunk and shoot threes. Right. Ain't no defense dunk shoot threes. I don't know when in the, the Pro Bowl that they decided they gonna play two hand touch. I don't know the exact year.


Right. But I knew the exact moment when I said, you know what, they gonna cut this in out. Yeah. Yeah. But you know what, who comes up with the format? Huh? Mr. Silver. You know. Well He just trying. He's trying stuff. You see baseball, see if I get it in baseball Ocho you throw the ball, you try to put bat on ball and you run the base. You try to catch. But it says okay, whoever wins the all, whoever wins the All Star game, that's who has home court, home field throughout the playoffs. Well maybe you might need to do that for the, for the All Star game instead of the best record win the All Star game. You, You know who needs, you know who needs to come up with the format for it. For it to be interesting to get the players to play. The players Do That.


The players. But You know what, you know what killed me? All these players. Oh, Michael Jordan. Oh, Kobe. And not let go look at Kobe and Michael Jordan All Star game. Oh, they go since y'all love him so much, They going all out. But that's what I don't get. I love the Mamba mentality and black Jesus. And then y'all get over there and y'all lay it down. See, that's the problem I got. Don't you? I ain't got, listen, I I and I I guys that make it, I think they're more than they've earned that Right. To be there. Yeah. Yes. Absolutely. But you Can't, you can't applaud and laud someone for how they approach the game. Right. And then you go over there and you lay it down Because That's what y'all do.


Right. That's what y'all do. Maybe, maybe they need to have Michael Jordan come in there and give him a pep talk. Nah, Mike, Mike chilling with that cigar. Man. Mike ain't come in there and talk nothing. But I'm telling you, I'm telling you what the format needs to be. Matter of fact, you know what you can do sometimes you can listen to the people that that could always, that could always be one If you don't listen to the people and it's not working the format, not working with the NBA officials who create the format le leave it in the player's hands. They left it in the player's hands. You see you got two 11 to 180 6. You got shooting threes and dunks. They left it in the player's hand and that's what you got. Don't let the player players f it up. Hey, they left it in the player's hand just like the Pro Bowl.


And what happened, don't you? Yeah. You got no game no more. Yeah. You got a skills competition. Flag Flag football. Yes. Yeah. So no, do not leave it up to the players. Hey, that's the problem. I have a question. They left it the pro the problem is right, is that they gave the players too much control. Yeah. Somebody decided this is the way we're gonna do it. They tried everything. Well whoever wins this quarter gets 300,000 for their favorites for the Boys and Girls Club. Or your favorite, the charity that was adopted that didn't work. They tried something else that didn't work. Right. This right here was a book. Look, I, I love, I love Jim and Mr. Beast and you come out there and the kid won a hundred thousand dollars. But come on man, at some point in time, at the end of the day it's still basketball game.


Yeah. All these gimmicks and all that other stuff. Ocho it is still the fundamentals. Look, the the MLB, they have the home run derby. Right. But you still, it's an all Star game. You put bat on ball. That's what it's about. Football is about catching, running and tackling. Right. Basketball, they play tougher at UCLA. They play tougher at the summit in New York. Now you mean to tell me you going to do that in the off season season. But come All Star game winner, it's the opportunity for you to showcase Right. For the world to see that skillset. Don't lay it down. Yeah. And then y'all wonder why the ratings don't wonder. Don't wonder why the ratings are falling.


Right. You know why. But also on now you got be careful now, now we asking for the players to play a little bit harder and little bit harder at the All Star game on break. Now what happened when somebody get hurt, then what Ocho somebody think about the 50 years before they did this. So you make it seem like all of a sudden this is they new, something new. Like they just instituted the All Star game. Right. And asking these guys, So you know what? Play basketball, you make it seem like they just instituted a Pro Bowl and asked them guys to tackle and catch and run. Right. Right. They've been doing that. Yeah. Yeah. The only thing that we didn't try, they didn't try to do was kill a quarterback. They didn't try to kill the quarterback. Yeah. But other than that, yeah.


You got tackled. Right. Guy didn't guy catch you, come across the middle. He ain't gonna really try to lay into you. He might put a shoulder into you. Yeah. But you know, I got, they threw me a scene one year and Ronnie, I saw him. I just braced. That's all I could do. It ain't go all out. Right. Guys are not gonna go all out. But you gotta do more than what they're doing. That's just not nearly good enough. What, what I enjoyed obviously your era. In my era, when it came time to the Pro Bowl, we played some football and now Yeah. We didn't, we didn't like try to knock somebody's head off. But we, no, we stood up Now we thought up real. They you gonna th up real good. Right. You know I'm here now. I'm here. Oh yeah.


Man, remember when, when Sean, remember when Sean Taylor caught the punter Caught the Yeah. Brian Mor Yeah. I was. Yeah. Yeah. Man, stop playing. But I, but I get it, but I mean, but I, I just don't know. I just don't know what else something needs to happen. Right. But I mean, 'cause you know, I don't know how salaries keep increasing if the fan viewership keeps decreasing. That's a good one. That's a good one. I mean, I, I look they about to lock the edge starting next year. They on a new what, how many bill? $11 billion. Woo. I think they got 11. Was it 10, $11 billion with Amazon N-B-C-E-S-P-N 11 billion.


Yeah. Over the next, over the next, over the next 10 years or something. Oh, okay. Okay, okay, okay. Oh, 11 year deal worth 76 billion. Come on. Salaries are going, think, think about it. Salaries are going super max players with one team. You'll be on one team. You'll make X amount of all, all NBA teams three 50 in five years, that's gonna be 400 million. Somebody's gonna be wanting their money Now. Y'all get mad when teams trade y'all and keep y'all from getting that Supermax contract because you see a lot of people thinking that's what they did with Luca. Yeah. To keep from paying three 50.


Hey, nah, we got this thing under control. So don't get, Hey, I just like I told you the other night, don't, you don't get mad about a problem you created. He Did. Right. I I got a question now I understand that Luca and his greatness, especially on the court, they traded him away because of the things that were going on off the court in which they went didn't want to be on hand to pay him 350 million for that supermax. Can you tell me another player who's in line to get a supermax? Shaa can get one, but Shaa zone will be two 90. So what's the difference? Why is his two 90 in Luas zone? Who's gonna be through 50? Because Luas, but that's not Shay's original team.


Shaa got traded from the Clippers. Clippers. Why? Why they wait, wait a wait a minute. Why are they, why are they punching him for him getting traded? He ain't got, because they call that the, they call that bird rights team that drafted you Larry Bird. You could, you could play a gal up team and it doesn't count as much against the cap or it doesn't count anything against the crack cap. Oh Hell, they, oh man. So he now he missing out on money. 'cause y'all decided to trade me. And matter of fact, if you look back at it now, you should have kept him. Yeah. The Clipper shoulda have kept him because they traded what they wanted. They, Paul Kawa was gonna go to the Lakers unless they got him Paul George. And that was one of the things that was one of the pieces that they wanted. They wanted, they wanted Shaa, they wanted Galin, they wanted all those first round Pi unprotected picks.


They wanted all that, those pick swaps. And they got it right. And Shaa has blossomed reports said Doc did not wanna do 'em. Said, Hey Kawhi, just give this guy a little time. He gonna be special. KW said, I don't got time. And there it is. Yeah. So it's, it, it's, I just, like I said, I mean the dunk contest, I mean MCC clung, Hey, he single handedly saving the dunk contest. Listen, But is is he man, what? This is what I like about it. I like the reaction from the players. I like the reaction from the players. I like the reaction from Zach Lavante. Zach Levine. I like the reaction with John. Moron with them boys won.


Now that, that will make it exciting again. I'm not sure if they We've heard that before. Huh? We've heard that before. Guys get excited. Oh, if you do it next year, I'll do it next year. If you, you do it. You don't think so? That never Happened. Don't think now. Now listen, we talk about two dunkers now. We ain't just talking about no anybody. We talking about two people that are creative. We've seen, we, we, we, we, we, we've seen and heard that before. We'll see, I hope it happens. Okay. I hope they come back and they pay Mac McClung says, nah, y'all didn't give me an a million dollar appearance fee and if I win I'll take that little measly one 10. I ain't just coming back. I ain't just coming back. And if I don't win, I don't get nothing. No, y'all will gimme a I'm a three. I'm the only guy in NBA history to win three consecutive dunk contests.


I have a question, huh? Yes. How can he continue to elevate and evolve his game outside of Dunking so he can have an opportunity to play at, at, at the highest level? Well, he, he seemingly can't get outta the G League. He was on the Lakers and had a couple of good, had a couple of good runs, but Right. He and Officer Reeds came in and say, didn't he and Officer Reeds come in together and you see Officer Reeds just get better and better and better and better. How tall? How tall is Austin Reeds? You think? Sh probably like six four. Six five. Well, how tall is McClean? Six two. Okay. There, there's your, That's why it looks so good when he dunk. There's your problem. He's elevating.


Yep. There but there, there's your problem as well though. You understand if you're six two and going to play in the NBA at the highest level, do you understand how special you have to be? Yes. You have to be. How tall is Ja Moron? 26 2. You see, you see the difference Special. It's only one of them in, it is only one of them in NBA. It's only one. Ja. Yeah. Yeah. But but the thing is you gotta do more than jump high. Oh yeah. You gotta be explored. Ja, ja, ja can, Ja has handles. He can get to the rim. He's sli do Everything. Yeah, everything. He's gotten better at shooting. He's gotten better at shooting.


Yeah. During tax season, your sensitive info does a lot of traveling to places you can't control stopping off at payroll. Your accountant or tax preparer and countless other data centers on its way to the IRS. Any of them can expose you to identity theft because they all have the info on your W2. Just the ticket for criminals to steal your identity. No wonder the IRS reported tax fraud due to identity theft went up 20% last year. You need LifeLock. They monitor millions of data points per second and alert you to threats you could miss. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package, hand restoration is guaranteed. Or your money back. Don't let Identity Thieves take you for a ride. Get LifeLock protection for tax season and beyond. Join now and save up to 40% your first year. Call 1-800-LIFELOCK and use promo code iHeart or go to lifelock.com/iheart for 40% off terms. Apply


this President's Day, upgrade the look of your home without breaking your budget. Save up to 50% sitewide on brand new window treatments now@blinds.com. blinds.com. The number one online retailer of custom window treatments is the better way to give your home the presidential treatment. blinds.com makes it easy. With free virtual consultations on your schedule and samples delivered directly to your door, fast and free. Choose from trending, woven wood shades or upgrade to motorized blinds.com. Has everything and more. All with upfront pricing and no hidden fees. Need help with installation blinds.com can handle it for you or DIY with expert guidance from our design pros. With over 25 million windows covered and our 100% satisfaction guarantee, you can count on blinds.com to deliver results you'll love. Shop blinds dot com's President's Day mega sale right now and save up to 50% sitewide plus a free professional measure up to 50% offsite wide@blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Get ready for the ultimate country music getaway. Country superstar. Keith Urban is performing live on the top shelf country cruise, sailing February, 2026 aboard the luxury celebrity reflection with stops in St. Kits in Nevis and St. Martin. Enjoy seven days of nonstop entertainment. All brought to you by Signature Cruise experiences. Don't wait. Guests who join the presale are already booking their state rooms and you can get in line right behind them. Visit top shelf country cruise.com to join the presale for free. No deposit required.


You know, Matt, he has the, the jumping Now they gotta work on other aspects of this day. Yeah. Draymond Green says, players on the rising stars don't deserve the privilege to play on Sunday. Do you agree Ocho? Ah, that that's not nice. I mean, if they're riding stars, look at the name. What do they call it again? On the what? Rising stars. That means, Hey, Dre Bond. Had y'all guys done what you're supposed to, guess what they wouldn't be? Yeah. Yeah. The commissioner is trying anything to drum up interest in this game. Game. Yeah. You'll creating a problem. And then when they other people try to solve and rectify the problems that you guys created, you get mad. How about you guys fail a little harder and the rides and stars wouldn't be playing on Sunday.


Yeah. We wouldn't have had this format. Four teams and divided up and this and that and the game goes to 40. Yeah. I I I'm confused by why I'm confused. Why he's upset for a problem they created. Yeah. I mean, I, I I don't, I don't, I don't agree with Draymond, but obviously he's feeling he might be the voice of reason for other players as well. That feels like the riding stars shouldn't be playing, shouldn't be playing. But listen again, they wouldn't be what what Draymond needs to do is get with LeBron, get with some of the other veteran heads in the NBA and and figure out a way to get the interest back. And the only, only thing I can think of, and I know the NBA might not like it, is they need to incentivize it even more to get them boys to play hard.


Go back to the east and west and have a pot of money that the winner can split. And matter of fact, and the loser don't get nothing. The lose don't get nothing. Ocho you making $70 million a year, you gonna get incentivized. You gonna get excited about a million dollars. Stop it. Ocho I I stole pay a million. I said fire Ocho them. Oh. Think about it. Every one of every, I guarantee you every one of those guys today that was on that court pulled up in a private jet after the game, they go get on that private jet and go to wherever they going. Right. It ain't money. Ocho. Yeah. I, I, I, listen, I'm, I'm Money might have been the motivating factor for them to get to that level.


Right. But after that, after, see, that's what you have to really, really appreciate about the really, really greats. Right. The Brady's, Jordans, the Kobe, after they had all the money, Nothing changed. They Had all the Fame, Nothing changed. They still played it that they were flat ass broke. Yeah. Yeah. Chase, I mean that. Now we gotta continue. We gotta continuously incentivize it. I've got to ask a guy, Hey bro, for extra 500,000, would you play hard when you're making 50 million? When you're making 50 million on the court and you're making another 25 to 30 off the court? Ooh. But can you can just, just, just what, just, just do this for us different that, that, that, that, that Different.


At some point in time, they're gonna have to come to a conclusion that the game is not gonna be played. It's not. How about I got another one. I I got another one. How about, how would you like to see this? Now you might not like it, but I'm just throwing this out there. We have all these people in the world that play LA Fitness on the parks. What do you think about civilians playing the NBA players on All Star Break? No. Yeah, they remember they were complaining. They complained about Mack McClung. He was in the G League. They complained about him being in the dunk contest. You think they gonna be excited about somebody coming off the street?


I'm, I'm listening. I'm just trying to think of things that keep that will get the viewers' attention. Now that'll get the viewer's attention because you got dudes that play hoop that never made it getting, getting stars. Get Stars, get fans attention. Ocho why you stars, why you think teams want to get 'em? Hold on. If stars get fans attention, then the viewership wouldn't be declining, But they not playing hard. Are you Ocho when you come down and you see a team shooting 55, 60, 70 threes? What's exciting about that? When you miss it, when you missing the 50 or 60 of them? You take 65, you take 70 threes and you miss 55 of them. Right. Clank, clank, clank, clank. Yeah. Nobody run, nobody runs.


Hey, you get a three man break. Everybody run behind the line and try to spot up four, three. Right. Nobody goes to the, nobody goes to the hole. That's not nothing exciting about that. Yeah, you're right, you're right. Listen, I I I don't have an answer. I don't have an answer. Somebody do, but they, they gotta come up with something. They gotta cut. They got no, they don't have to come out with something. Cancel The game. It's okay. And there wouldn't be no all Allstar break. Yes it would. You still have the three point competition. You have the skills challenge. Oh, okay. Okay. Just cancel. Okay. I see what you're saying. Yeah. The All Star game. Hey, you get selected the All Star, you're not gonna go play. Hey, skills challenge. You wanna do the skills challenge, you wanna participate in something. Okay, fine. But there will not be a game on Sunday.


Okay. Because y'all ruined it. That's a good way, that's a good way to look at it. It's not gonna happen. But I like, I like where your, I like where your mind is at. LeBron sits out the All Star game. It's his first time missing an All Star game in his career. Year 22, he did 21 time starter player because of lingering discomfort in his left foot and ankle. Do you agree LeBron accepted knowing he probably wouldn't play right? Yeah, absolutely. But uncle, he done been there 20 times Before That had nothing. Okay. Had nothing. So why He's earned the right, he's earned the right to be able to sit out and the All Star game where they're not gonna be playing serious anyway. It's okay. Exactly. Sit out now let Norman Powell get a all Star game selection.


Just like Giannis. Giannis knew he had a league, had a, a little slight injury. Right. He pulled out. Now Trey Young as a four time all Star selection. Right. That's the problem that I got. You're right. He earned a right. But he didn't come, he didn't get until Saturday. You know, you not gonna play why you block somebody else from playing. That's just like, just like you Ocho you know, you not gonna play in the Pro Bowl. Right. Something your first alternate, but you go over there. Well, hold on man. Now hold on. Now what if LeBron, even though he wasn't playing, wanted to be there and be part of the team, he Gianni was there. Did you not see Gianni in his uniform? I see Janice was there. Okay.


I see what you mean. I see what you mean. He should have, have pulled out completely in general. Yes. Not. Okay. I see, I see what You mean. They obviously, they still gonna let him come. He's still the biggest, biggest name in basketball. Yeah. Okay. Sure. They gonna love to, love to have him come, let him walk, get introduced in year 21. In year 22, a 21 time. Yeah. Starter NBA starting from LeBron James. Right. Give him that. Let the fans see that, bro. Come on man. Norman Powell deserved to be I I thought Norman, he didn't deserve it. He earned the right to be there with the way he's played in the first half of the season. Now I ain't, I ain't breaking news to the chat. Y'all know I'm the biggest fan of LeBron's biggest supporter.


Right. Been that, but I disagree. I I wholeheartedly, wholeheartedly strenuously disagree. Okay. With his decision to make this announcement the day of the All Star game. Right. He knew he wasn't gonna play. Y'all think LeBron just made this decision today? Really? Nobody thinks that. Yeah. But, but, and, and, and honestly, unc, I can't even be mad at him because we talk this is LeBron. I mean this, this is LeBron. If there, if there's one person that, you know, what if, if I'm not gonna play, I earn every right to decide Sunday morning. What? Decide Saturday morning.


No, LeBron James is not bigger than the game of basketball. I didn't, I didn't say he was bigger than basketball. So you Thought he'd earned it, right? No he has not. No he hasn't. No, I ly disagree. Oh no, though. Oh, and now, nah, I, i I vehemently disagree with you on that. If LeBron, LeBron James, the all time leading scorer in the NBA decides, you know what? At the All Star game this Sunday, you know, I don't wanna play. He should Be able to. I joking. You see no see Ni no, no, I'm not saying he doesn't have that. Right. Okay. I'm saying he doesn't have the right to do that Sunday today of the game. Make that decision on Thursday. Wait, you telling us, Make The decision on Thursday.


So come team, now Shaq team only has seven players. They're down a man. Oh, seven players, five players, four players. They ain't even playing for real. They might as well play one on one. You just said it yourself. They just shooting three. They might well just play horse. Okay. So he can't do he couldn't do that. Okay. Do what Giannis did. Right. Giannis says, I'm not gonna play. And guess what? Trey got to come right. Norman Powell would've got an opportunity to come. No, I have a question. Huh? Yes. What if, what if it was a lingering issue and it didn't flare up until he got there? Man, stop it. Don't, Joe, I'm just, I'm asking a question.


That's a possibility. So how, so lemme ask you in Lincoln. So so what did he do to cause it a flare up? You know, you know, shit be acting up now when you hit your forties. Now What did he do to cause it a linger? Did he play basketball in between Wednesday night? He in Today? He just played. When, when when the left? Wednesday. Wednesday. Wednesday. He played Wednesday. Remember? Okay. Yeah, He played His, so Thursday was off Friday he was off Saturday. He was off Sunday. He makes an announcement that he's not gonna play an all Star game. So I'm just trying to figure out what did he do in between Wednesday after the game and today that caused it to flare up? Yeah, that that, that's a good question. That's a good question. I'm, I'm, I will, I will text him and ask him.


But you know, IIII kind of, I I agree and disagree with you honestly because it, it is LeBron and the fact that he's made the, the All star for his 2020 first year. If, if I'm not mistaken, 21 Straight starts 21 straight, you know? And he wanted to actually be there even if he didn't play. And I think that's why he didn't pull out Ocho. He could've Giannis is there Giannis, Giannis is there. He said that's Giannis. Did we talking about LeBron. LeBron the Giannis said he wanted to be there. He could've come, come and do exactly what he did. Nothing. Well, I, I, I, listen, IIII agree with you to an extent and there's another side of me that doesn't agree with you.


So IIII get what you're saying. I just, that's what chose not to do. That's all I ocho that is, but I'm saying Yes sir. You know, I don't wanna play but don't show ocho, you know, good. And well, if you've been sick for three days, why you show up on them people job and then go walk to work. I ain't gonna be able to come to work today. You could have called in and do that. So we coulda asked somebody come in and fill, fill up your job now. We ain't now you leaving. We ain't got nobody to fill the spot. Right. Why you come, why did you come tell Ocho? Why did you come tell me you not gonna be able to work today? No, you called did that.


I just like, like I said, look, hey, y'all know how I feel about LeBron, but I'm disagree with him on this one. His own disagrees Renely and vividly on this, on this decision. I Got you. Hold on. Hey, let's take a listen to LeBron's explanation of why he didn't play Kind of more a maintenance type of wear and terrace situation. I mean, it's a little bit of both. You know, I, I was hoping that it would feel a lot better this morning, you know, but it's, it's not as where I want it to be. And you know, with 30 games left and us trying to make a playoff push in the wild, wild west, I felt like it's very important for me to kind of take care of myself and understand, you know, what's, what's coming on.


So I wanna say it's maintenance. Well yeah, it is maintenance, but at the same time it's like, you know, I have to look out for myself when it comes to this, to this injury that I've been dealing with for years. See? Yeah. Okay, so lemme ask you a question. See there's 30, hold on, lemme ask you a quick, so I just wanna know this hotel, maybe you could help me out with this. Talk to him. So when did he realize that they needed to make a playoff push? There was 30 games left and they're in the wild, wild west. Was it Thursday, Friday, Saturday, or was it Sunday morning? Three hours before the game. So I'm just trying to figure out when did that Dawn on him? Hmm. Man, we in the toughest conference, the Western conference. Yeah. There's only 30 games left.


This is the wild wild west. We need to make a payoff playoff push. So I'm just asking you humbly, when did he come to that conclusion? You know what humbly answering? I don't know. I'm not sure when he came to the conclusion. But again, we talk about LeBron James, we talk about the LeBron James who has 30 games left and he's deciding, he's deciding to take the all-star break off and literally take it all the way off. I understand your point in saying, you know what, if you're not gonna play in the game, allow someone else to come in and you can still attend. He chose not to go that route and him choosing not to go that route, I still agree with him because it's LeBron James and that's what he decided and felt was best for him to do. But guess what? Talk to me.


Tell the people at home when you fly, what happens to joints? What they do? Ocho they flare Up. Oh, So you mean to tell me he got on a plane altitude with joint swell, ankle swell, knee swell? Yeah. You mean to tell me he could've stayed in LA in LA and nursed those injuries? You don't say ocho. Oh, that's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. A lot of times, you know, if you have things like knees and stuff like that, they, Mike wouldn't let you travel because I mean, you traveling it doesn't help it.


Nah, It doesn't. So that's all I'm saying. LeBron, LeBron has a right, but I'm just saying nothing changes. If he makes this decision on Thursday, he still gets an opportunity to come. He still, the, the crowd still gets to hear him introduced. Norman Powell gets his, excuse me, his first All Star game selection. Right. No harm, no foul. That's all I'm saying. Okay. That's it. I got, I got, I got, I got you. And I got you. I hear you. It's, it's just bad. And like I said though, Norman, I think Norman Powell has, has earned a right. Based on what he, even before, like when James Har, not James Harden earned the right to be there, but early in the season, Powell was cooking folk.


Powell was the what? Now James has gotten it going early, scoring doing what he did. You know, James always gonna be able to score the ball, but mainly he was facilitating, you know, getting, you know, 10 cents, getting 11 of cents, things like that. Norman Powells is a straight bo. Hey, let them rip. James is coming up and James and now they got Ka choir back. So they got three scores. They're playing really, really well. But I would love, I would've loved to see Norman Powell get an opportunity for his first All Star game. Well You know what they gotta do? He gotta use that as motivation. LeBron wanna move outta the way. LeBron wanna give up a spot, boy, you gotta do something else. You gotta come a little harder next year.


O Joe. He's never gonna get voted in with the fans. Trey Young is leading the all is leading the league in assist and it's not close. He didn't get voted in. He had to, oh, somebody had to get put the, the players the players and what you call them in, in the, in the, what you call them. The fans like, okay, Trey, if Jonathan doesn't pull out, he doesn't go. Last year he was 27 and 10. Well he didn't go. Hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on now, hold on now. Wait a minute. Now my little nephew, my little cousin, my cousin ain't play tonight either. So we got the same, we got that same energy band. Man nephew ain't play tonight either.


Now The reports are that he was sick. Now I don't know if he got sick Traveling. So when did, when did, when did he get sick? Did he get sick Wednesday? Did he get sick Thursday? Did he get sick Friday? We we, we we don't, we we won't know. But here's the thing. But here's the thing though. Ocho look, a man ain't the draw. LeBron is, it's not gonna make, it's not gonna create, I mean people, I see people in the chat talking about what about Ed? What about Ed? Really y'all compared Ed LeBron? All I'm seeing is look, LeBron just let, what you call him Norman Powell go, he's still gonna get introduced. Just, just like they introduced Ant-Man, you see a man, let's give it up from Aman.


He walked down, he walked down there, they applauded him. You, that's all. Hey, hold on. You, you heard what you just said, right? Yes. You just said, I know y'all not comparing Ant Man to LeBron, but you saying no, you saying LeBron should have pulled out for somebody else. LeBron should have pulled out for Norman Powell. I don't know who replace with. Look, my thing is, this is how I am mocho. This is how I operate. If, if I'm not gonna play, I'm letting somebody else go. Yeah, but see you, you, you talk about what you would've done. We talk about LeBron and LeBron don't wanna move the way you would move and make the decisions. Giannis would. Why it still, it's 21. It's just because Ocho what I, once I found out that, hey, it's not like they gonna take what he, if I don't go, they gonna take my, my provost slot away because then I just go, Hey, I be on crutches going over that ocho, right?


Hey, I need this for, I need this one. Hey because, and, and, and I was first alter it three times, ocho. Right, Right, right. So just think, hey, in 14 seasons, Shannon Sharp goes to 11 Pro Bowl. That looks better than a, doesn't it? Yeah, it does. Yes it does. But I just look, I, like I said, I I don't know Ed's situation. They said he was sick. Ed probably got a lot of other stuff on his mind. But like I said, that's the only, that's the only thing. And I don't have a whole lot of critiques or criticism of LeBron. 'cause I think he's got enough of that. Yeah. In this social media a in the social media era.


Yeah. But if Ant man knew he was sick on Thursday, get your ass out the way too, you know, Hey man, they know I am. I keep it. Hey, I keep it right down the Oh, right down the middle. Yeah. An if you was sick under the weather. I don't know who, who, who was, who was another, who was another T guy that probably would've made it if he, because ad pull ad's got an injury ad made it, he had to come out. Right. He's he's hurt. He ain't got no choice. Right. Hey, but that was funny, bro. But you know, ocho, a lot of times these guys like, they don't always be in position.


Right. Because it's just like a lot of times these guys that go, they go every single year. Yeah, every single year. Just look at your go look at your offensive lineman. For the most part, the offensive lineman, once they go a couple times, they go and go and go because you look on average offensive lineman probably have the most, you have the most, look at Bruce Matthews 14. You look at Merlon, Osso 14, you look at the offensive lineman, they go 8, 9, 10, 11 times. Unless they just completely fall apart. Yeah. Guys, that's up and coming that don't have, it's harder for, it's hard to break through now once you break through o you know that person hard to get it. But Once you get it, it's smooth sailing.


All you gotta do is just be insisting at what you do. That's it. Al know, do al don't. Because here's the thing, Tyrese Maxey is in the east, so they'd have needed somebody from the east to pull out and for Maxey because Maxey is playing out of his mind. Oh yeah. So I don't know who the other guy would've been in the, in the west had Antman and LeBron pulled out. But that's just me. That's just the way I, that's the way I feel about it.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Get ready for the ultimate country music getaway. Country superstar. Keith Urban is performing live on the top shelf country cruise, sailing February, 2026 aboard the luxury celebrity reflection with stops in St. Kits. And Nevis and St. Martin enjoy seven days of non-stop entertainment. All brought to you by signature Cruise experiences. Don't wait. Guests who join the presale are already booking their state rooms and you can get in line right behind them. Visit top shelf country cruise.com to join the presale for free, no deposit required.


This is Ashley Ti from the Ben and Ashley Eye. Almost same as podcast. You probably know somebody who's on Ozempic or Semaglutide right now. These are really popular medications that people are using to lose weight. If it seems like all other options aren't working for them, go to try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by future health nurse


Listeners. Are you looking for a shortcut to better auto insurance for you? Something that takes all the research off your plate. Something that's easy, something that matches you with lower rates. Something genius. That's where NerdWallet comes in. Their nerds already did the work for you. Just answer a few questions and ta-da. You'll be matched with top insurance providers in your area. Find the right rate for you today@nerdwallet.com. After all, using NerdWallet is more than smart. It's genius. Not all applicants will qualify for the lowest monthly payments. NerdWallet Insurance Services Inc. California resident license number.


Okay, 9 2 0 3 3 Ocho. Matt McClung wins the dunk contest. Threepeat. Yeah. Job might enter next year. Levine said he might come back one time. Giannis on the Giannis. We've seen you in the dunk contest. No, no. He's too tall. Yeah, He talk tall. Listen, not only is he, not only is he too tall, Giannis doesn't have the creativity, he doesn't have the creativity to win. Now, you know, first, first round you might do a little something but you don't have the creativity to go deeper into the rounds for the dunk contest, man.


Right. He said I got hacked. My kids tweeted that they came next to a nightstand, took my phone out of the charger, went in their room and tweeted. I found out this morning. Found. Yeah, that's, but see that's the thing. And people, people get upset about LeBron. LeBron didn't enter. I don't look at LeBron as a creative dunker. I look at LeBron as a power dunker Gary. Yes. And if he goes against someone that's creative, he gonna Lose. I lose. Yeah. He gonna lose. It's only, there's only a few of 'em now. It's only a few. Right. But you, you look at a Zach Levine created, you look at who the other Aaron Gordon. You look at some of those guys like that. You look at Vince Carter, you look at guys like that. There are creative donors.


Right. You see when Jordan see Dominique lost to Jordan. I do think Dominique won. Oh, I think Dominic. But you see when Jordan came with the creativity Yeah. Doing all this. Yeah. Yeah. And the up and under. Under. Yeah. And the doing all this stuff that we hadn't seen before. Right. And you like, because before that it was one hand power dunk dunking for the free throw line. Throw line. Yeah. Jordan. They do it for, Jordan did it for the free throw line and put it out there in front of you. Like this here let you see it. Yeah. He come in and do it sideways, rocking the baby with it. You see how that look? That's why Mac McClung, Mac McClung jumped over the hook the the top of the car.


Yeah. And then grabbed And reversed it. Yeah. Mac McClung reversed it and then Sprint and dunked it over. Evan Mobley, he caught it up. The guy off of a hoverboard. Yeah. Dumped it and dunked it. Hold on. What about the one where he jumped over the, he jumped over the dude then touched the rim of the basketball. Yes. Hit the ble of the ball. And then creativity. Creativity. Yes. Every time. You know, and That's, that's the one he did with Evan Mobley. Yeah. You got to be able to jump first Now you gotta be able to jump first. And I don't think that especially the taller guys have enough creativity to be able to do some of that stuff or just No, no, no.


It won't look the same. 'cause they too damn tall. They're too tall that that. See that's why Jordan looks so good doing it because he's six six. Yeah. Mike McClung looks even better 'cause he's 6 2, 6 2 and you're like, how long is this guy gonna stay in the air? Right Ocho to take it from the guy, put the ball on the rim. Look he's looking at the rim as he touches the rim and then dump it. Yeah. Think about the guy off the hover born. He takes it out of his hand. Boom, boom. Right. Wait, McClung got my kind of vert now. I'd say what you, what do you think his ver his vertical is Probably, I would say above 45, above maybe even 50 50.


Has there ever been anybody could jump like that 50. Yeah. But see the thing is they measure their jump running. You know, in the NFL you stand flat for the jump. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And we've had guys that go 45 and a half, 46. I think Gerald SEPA went 46. Boss Bailey went 46. Oh yeah. We got a lot. Yeah. I mean just athletic, just raw athleticism. Athleticism. Yeah. In the NFL players, they got it now. Yeah. I mean, but you can tell a guy that can run fast is normally explosive because that's fast twitch muscle. Yeah. So you look at guys that run them four threes go check their vert. Those are the guys that's doing 40.


Right. And so, so I would, I would not be surprised if Mac McClung has like a 48, 50 inch vert to be able to be that high o over the rim ocho. Yeah. At six Too. Yeah. You got, you gotta, you got have bunnies now. You got that and, And he ain't, he don't have, he don't have long arms. Yeah, because So you look at a guy like Janni, a guy like KD that have, you know, have Wingspans right of damn near eight feet. M Mack McClung really is a normal dude. If you saw M McClung walking down the street, you wouldn't Even, you wouldn't even know If you are not an avid basketball fan. You walked right past him. Yeah. He look like an average dude. Yeah. And that's crazy.


I ain't know Me and his vert was exactly the same. Check, check, check the numbers now. Oh, but he, but he was, he was in all fifties castle. That castle. Had he not missed that first dunk? Yeah. He missed it like three or four times. So I'm surprised they gave him as high score as they did considering he missed it so many times. Difficult Back McClung What? He missed the first dunk. I think he missed it. What one time you think he ran up there one time you're like, okay, I got it now. I got it now. Yeah. 50 50, 50. It ain't a whole lot of, if you go back and look, I don't know how many times he's got anything but 50.


I mean, bro, you dunking over Shaq or you dunking over taco fall. Man, come on now. So it's go it, it it was, it was. And see I think the thing is Ocho people don't want give guy credit because he, because normally the old when I first started, 'cause the dunk contest started in the A BA. Yeah. It wasn't NBA and when the A, the NBA absorbed the A BA they brought it. Yeah. And you had stars, your guys that actually participated in the dunk contest. They were actually in the game. You had the Dr. Jay's, you had the Clyde Drexels, you had the Dominique's, you had the Michael Jordans, you had the Vince Carter, the Kobes, and, and you know, you had those guys.


So those were the stars. Now Mac McClung got the G league. You got guys that are like role players that like nobody knows who they are. You're like, who, who is he? Yeah. So that's, that's the problem that they're running into. And then, and this just when you thought the, the creativity, like what can they do here? Come Mac McClung said I'm gonna jump over a damn car. The body of the car, not the hood, the body. Yeah. And I'm gonna reverse it. Okay. I'm gonna take it out your head as you stick it through the sunroof. I'm gonna take it out your head and I'm gonna reverse it.


I remember, I, I remember that I did that, I did that at bunch Paul. He, he was a, it's gonna be Yeah, but he's he's saving a dunk contest Ocho. He really is. Yeah. I Mean He really is. He did an unbelievable job. But it's the thing about it, after, after a three-peat, now you got other players chiming in players that can actually dunk players that are cre We are creative players that have, we have former dunk contest winners saying they gonna come back. That will make the game that much more interesting. It's getting to the point now with MCC clunk continuing to win the dunk contest might be a little bit more interesting than the All Star game itself because they Not, but think about it, Ocho now the three point competition.


I mean you get, I mean, because think about it, you get stiff, you get Dame, you got Clay, you got some of the best three point shooters, but none of the best dunkers in the three point is in the dunk contest. Yeah. So that's what's like Yeah. When you remember, you go back and look at it's Clyde going up against Mike and, and and, and, and and Dominique. Yeah. When Sean Kemp was in it. Yeah. I mean they used to have guys that DD Bryan remember D Brown? Yep. D Brown wanted Larry Nance. Larry Nance I think beat Dr. J in the first one. I think it was back 80, 83 or 84.


But it's tough. It's, it's, and and I think the thing is, like I said, for me, I never thought bro was a a a creative dunker. Yeah. Power dunk. Can he dunk on people? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. But I think the most creative dunk was the Rock Rocka baby. I think that was maybe like after the Kobe situation. He did the Rock of the Rocka baby. But I would like to see a man, I would like to see Ja, I would like to see go against and, and, and Levine and Aaron go, Aaron go and said he done, he said, y'all ain't finna rob me three bow times. I done got robbed. I done got robbed on this block two. I ain't coming down here no more. Yeah. I done got robbed two or three times.


I ain't coming down this block anymore. Damn y'all. Yeah. And, and, and would be nice and, and, and creative as hell too. Ocho check this out. CP three and Weby were disqualified after trying to hack the NBA skills challenge. CP three thought he figured out a way to skirt the rules of the NBA All Star game 2025 skills challenge. But he and women were disqualified for the shenanigans. The final stage of the three part, three part skills challenge evolves shooting. But to get through the relay with the fastest time as possible, women and Paul didn't actually shoot the ball. They just raked them from the rack. Yeah. Instead they flung the balls quickly towards the basket, not engaging in any sort of shooting motion.


Hey, listen, if you not, They, they violating the spirit. Oh, Joe, see what I tell you? What, what, what if you create something, somebody's going to try to find a way to be cheated. Always. Always. Now you, you know that. Now if you, if you ain't cheating, you ain't trying now don't tell me. You don't tell me you ain't, you ain't cheat on your test back in the day. Now you know, look at oh, Skills challenge ocho. Oh man, here you go. Lord. Skills challenge. SAT fca, any kind of test. Well, if I cheat on the SAT and then got and, and and got like 500. Right. I don't know who the hell paper I was cheating on for. Okay. What they get? Three. You Need to complain. You need to complain. That's why you already, you already gotta sit next to somebody. Smart.


Shoot. How you think I passed mine, Bro? Last I checked. When you go into a a an SA taking an SAT on a college campus, you not gonna know any of them damn people. At least I didn't. They from all over the state. They coming from Savannah, Reedsville, Glenville, Hinesville, forestry. They coming from all over. I ain't know not one person in that class. And I had just played a game, got in late, had to get up there early. I was like already know You got, you got, you gotta look. You know the smart the smart folk gotta look to 'em now. But I see you. Hey, that my dog. What that what my home? Yeah. Yeah. This Up. Wanna see you?


Come On. What'd they do? Twin? What'd they do boy? Huh? Hell yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Made his little appearance. Okay. I'm gonna see you down the south floor. You wanna go down to Florida? Yeah. Come on down here with your boy. Say they got, they got some labradoodles down there. Oh yeah, they Got, they Got. See I'm looking for a Labradoodle. We got, We got 'em for she need to be about 95 pounds. Yeah. Make sure she got all her shots. She up to date. Oh yeah. She up to date. She up to date. I got something for her. I take good care of Titers. I got Farmer's dog.


We got Farmer's Dog Man, man. CP three, CP three. No better. How long CP three Bitter League. 19 years. Yeah. Try, try trying to, trying to find a shortcut. Yeah. No, that was what you call 'em. That was CP three. But he know everybody was going like, come on CP three women. Like I, I'll take, I'll take, I'll take it. I'll take the blow for this one. Yeah. It's kinda like when you remember the Pistons didn't shake the bull's hand. Oh yeah.


And Bill Lair said that was me. Yeah. With everybody said back everybody you know. Damn what that was Isaiah. But Bill Labbe don't really care At all. Bill Labbe don't care. He said, I take the Adam Silver says he's emphatic with angry, empathetic, excuse me, empathetic Withm fans, but believes Mavs did. What was the best interest of the organization in terms of anger at the fan base? I'm empathetic. I understand Dallas wasn't the final. It was in the finals last year. I've also said this before. I like Luca very much. It seems truly authentic that there, that he was stunned and you could see it in his body language.


I'm, I am sympathetic to the Mavericks organization. I've known Nico Harrison for a long time from his prior tenure at Nike. I've also gotten close to Patrick Duma, our new governor in Dallas. I can say one thing for sure. Sure. Whether or not history will ultimately judged as a smart trade. They did what they thought was in the best interest of their organization. I have, I I have absolutely no knowledge or belief that there were any ulterior motives. Ocho Chime in. They thought they did what was best for the team. Can I ask you a question on real quick or chat? Yes. Ask you a question. The trade was made has been by what?


A week? Maybe two weeks to this point. Two Weeks? Weeks. How's that trade going right now? Ad got hurt. How's it Okay. Okay. I'm I'm, I'm, I'm just curious. I would like Adam Sandler to come out. Adam Sandler. I would like Adam Silver. He come out, he come out too. Hey, I Want, I want Adam, I, I wish I would like Adam Silver to come out and speak and speak the real, how about you tell the truth? How about you be honest? You know what You want, what you want him to tell me what you want him to say? I mean, I, I want, I want him to say how he truly feels. I know. I want him to say exactly how he truly feels. You make it. That goddamn damn trade was goddamn damn ridiculous.


It Was. But you do realize he's the commissioner of the the NBAI Can. And that's the problem. He, the fact that he's in a position of power and he can't say how he truly goddamn feels because he's the commissioner. Have you ever heard Roger Goodell say how he truly feels? Yeah. When the cameras ain't rolling. Okay. He probably said that when the cameras ain't rolling Ocho you gotta understand people in position like that. You can't say everything that you feel or you won't be in that position alone. Right. I i And that's the problem with society now. Huh? That's the problem with people in positions. The power, everything is fake. Everything is pc. They never get the people, some of the things they wanna say, the people are saying it at home, but the person that's sitting in the highest seat refuses to say it because they got to be PC When you had trash quarterbacks.


You didn't say that. Huh? When you had trash quarterbacks, you didn't say they suck. Why didn't you say that? Publicly? Timeout. Let's rewind, let's go back to my career. Yes. What quarterback did I have that suck All your, all your quarterbacks. So all your quarterbacks were great. I had John Kitner good and I had Carson Palmer and then I had A, there were game, there were game. They weren't good. And you didn't say they weren't good. Wait. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. This is a game of football. Now. We, no wait, lemme finish. We strive for perfection. We strive for perfection and greatness. If we fall short, that means we're good. They weren't bad. Everybody has a bad game. You had bad game, but you didn't say When they had a bad game. Why didn't you say that?


Because 99.9% of the time they're good When they had a bad game. Why didn't you say my quarterback sucked. See why you Said you want people to speak to remote Doing not what you said. Chad, why you doing that, Chad? That's not what he said. Why, why you doing? He said that's completely different. How you say I want you to speak how you really failed. Having a bad game doesn't mean you suck. You know what? My quarterback had a bad game. He sucked this game. See, my quarterback wasn't good at this game. For one. I don't even even talk like that for two. I just want Adam Silver. See, that's what we need, you know, you know, you talk about you can't do certain things when you're in certain positions.


Look what 45 be doing. I ain't gonna say his name. Look what? 45 he doing Ocho Yes. Acting a, Acting a plum fool. O But all the things you're not supposed to do when you at the Yes. When you sit at the highest seat. But he, but you have to understand what he is. He's their Dr. King. They no you laughing, but that's how they view him because he's em, bolder them to say, to say what they feel. Right. So there's no more decor. Right. Right, right. There's no real respect. You throw that out the window, you say whatever. Right, right. I don't, I don't, I don't want to live in a society where you get to say whatever, do whatever, and it gets like, oh, that's how I really feel.


I I don't wanna live like that. Okay. I understand what you mean. I understand what you mean. I I mean it was like that. It used to be like that in the sixties. Yeah. They said whatever they did, whatever. You came home in your uniform and you wore your uniform out. They could, they would literally kill you Because A black man had a uniform on. Right. Nah, I'm good. Yeah. I I I think as a society, as we become more advanced, our behavior should also become more advanced. More advanced. Right. We shouldn't go back. Now some people might think that's okay, let's go back to where it was. Right. Well, where it was for you might've been great. It wasn't great for all. Right. And it's never gonna be great for all. But I think it can be better for most, that's just me.


Right? Hey, but no, look, I understand people in position like a commissioner. Yeah. You have to like, sometimes you gotta just, you gotta take all that because that's what the owners do. The owners pay you to take all the criticism Right. That they're supposed to get. Right. Okay. Okay. You see how people blame it. Adam Silver, he knew about it. So what's he gonna do? You see, David Stern was able to block a trade because the NBA they owned the Hornets or the, the, the, the Hornets at the time then Chris, so they could block that trade because they didn't think it was in the best interest of them. Right. They got no say so into that. It's just like, what does Roger say?


Roger Goodell commission always says, you know, we let team handle team things. That was a team decision. You can't force us to keep a player if we want to trade it. Right. I just look, I get that. I get it. Because you look at Luca 25 years of age, five time first team all NBA selection and they made a move that came outta nowhere. Yeah. You didn't hear anything. You heard no murmurs. You heard nothing about Anthony Davis being traded. You heard nothing about Luca DCIS being traded and all of a sudden SHAS drops that bombshell. Yes Sir. So it caught everybody off guard.


And because of the players that are involved and also because you didn't hear anything about it. That is the biggest trade. This is the biggest trade in NBA history. Oh yeah, Absolutely. Absolutely Though. But like he said, we'll see if only time will tell Ocho Yeah. If this was the right move, Hey, and listen, the only time will tell, but it's telling right now. It's telling right now. And it's telling real early. Get out here. Go flames. Hold on. Go ahead, mocho. Okay, Chad, I'm back. I'm back. Anyway. Y'all see my jacket?


It's my, I I just came from the Andrea Elli concert and I bought, I bought me a jacket, a little belli jacket. I know y'all probably don't, y'all ain't hit the opera or nothing like that. But you know, if, if you go on a nice little date with your girl or y'all in the car, man, put some Andrea Belli on. He has a nice album that you might enjoy. It's called Loving, loving Portofino. I think, I think that's, I think that's, it might be loving Portofino, but check him out. Check him out, man, you, you, you, you'll like it. Matter of fact, he might be coming to your city soon. Go on Google and check that out. And you know, it's so, it's something different. You might enjoy it. Okay. He's back. Yeah. He gets, he the, it's past his bedtime. So around eight o'clock he gonna start getting asy.


He gonna want to go to bed. Is he All over the place?


The Volume, The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond. Hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen, wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate So you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money, money Movement services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services


At David's bridal, love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom, dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Book an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more@davidsbridal.com.


Get ready for the ultimate country music getaway. Country superstar. Keith Urban is performing live on the top shelf country cruise, sailing February, 2026 aboard the luxury celebrity reflection with stops in St. Kits. And Nevis and St. Martin enjoy seven days of nonstop entertainment. All brought to you by Signature Cruise experiences. Don't wait. Guess who join the presale or already booking their state rooms and you can get in line right behind them. Visit top shelf country crews.com to join the pre-sale for free. No deposit required.